Two young, White males are outside near many bushes.
Several men in hard hats are operating a giant pulley system.
A little girl climbing into a wooden playhouse.
A man in a blue shirt is standing on a ladder cleaning a window.
Two men are at the stove preparing food.
A man in green holds a guitar while the other man observes his shirt.
A man is smiling at a stuffed lion
A trendy girl talking on her cellphone while gliding slowly down the street.
A woman with a large purse is walking by a gate.
Boys dancing on poles in the middle of the night.
A ballet class of five girls jumping in sequence.
Four guys three wearing hats one not are jumping at the top of a staircase.
A black dog and a spotted dog are fighting
A man in a neon green and orange uniform is driving on a green tractor.
Several women wait outside in a city.
A lady in a black top with glasses is sprinkling powdered sugar on a bundt cake.
A little girl is sitting in front of a large painted rainbow.
A man lays on the bench to which a white dog is also tied.
Five people are sitting in a circle with instruments.
A bunch of elderly women play their clarinets together as they read off sheet music.
A large structure has broken and is laying in a roadway.
A large crowd of people stand outside in front of the entrance to a Metro station.
A man getting a tattoo on his back.
Two children sit on a small seesaw in the sand.
A man wearing a reflective vest and a hard hat holds a flag in the road
A person dressed in a blue coat is standing in on a busy sidewalk, studying painting of a street scene.
A man in green pants walking down the road.
The small child climbs on a red ropes on a playground.
You know i am looking like Justin Bieber.
A young man in a black and yellow jacket is gazing at something and smiling.
A man standing at a urinal with a coffee cup.
Five people walking with a multicolored sky in the background.
A old man having a beer alone.
A trained police dog sits next to his handler in front of the police van.
A person riding a bike on a snowy road.
Five men, uniformly dressed in white shirts, tie and black slacks converse at the back of an open van.
A man with a backwards hat works on machinery.
A black woman and a white man working in a factory setting packing jars with candles into boxes.
Asian man sweeping the walkway.
A man leans into a car to talk to the driver, as a man on a bicycle looks on.
Two young toddlers outside on the grass.
People are watching a person in a weird vehicle in a plaza.
A man walks by a silver vehicle.
A beautiful bride walking on a sidewalk with her new husband.
A little boy playing GameCube at a McDonald's.
A white dog shakes on the edge of a beach with an orange ball.
A group of people having a barbecue at a park.
A man in sunglasses puts his arm around a woman in a black and white blouse.
A man with a balloon hat and people eating outdoors at picnic tables.
A boy jump kicking over three kids kicking wood during a tae kwon do competition.
A boy in a red jacket pouring water on a man in a white shirt
A man with a red jacket is shielding himself from the sun trying to read a piece of paper.
Men walking down a street with children.
A little boy is standing on the street while a man in overalls is working on a stone wall.
A black dog leaps over a log.
A man in a suit is running past two other gentleman, also dressed in a suit.
Man in a red shirt riding his bicycle around water.
A barefooted man wearing olive green shorts grilling hotdogs on a small propane grill while holding a blue plastic cup.
A dog is running in the snow
A crowd is standing and waiting for the green light.
Man on skis looking at artwork for sale in the snow
Seven climbers are ascending a rock face whilst another man stands holding the rope.
The young gymnast's supple body soars above the balance beam.
A young boy is pushing a toy ATV around a rubber pool
Woman in red windbreaker looking though a rooftop binoculars at the city below.
A man is standing in front of a small red object that looks like a plane.
A dog is playing with a hose.
A man and a little girl happily posing in front of their cart in a supermarket.
A white dog is about to catch a yellow dog toy.
Guy in green shirt with hand covering part of his face in restaurant booth.
A black and white dog jumps up towards a yellow toy.
Two hikers resting by a patch of snow.
A man showing off his new wooden creation.
A elderly father and his grown son are preparing for a camping trip in the wild.
A bearded traveler in a red shirt sitting in a car and reading a map.
A young boy waves his hand at the duck in the water surrounded by a green park.
A couple sit on the grass with a baby and stroller.
Some men standing in front of a building next to a parked car.
The black dog runs through the water.
A man is drilling through the frozen ice of a pond.
Two large tan dogs play along a sandy beach.
A person in blue and red ice climbing with two picks.
Three people walking on a path in a meadow.
A man in black attire shovels snow into the street, disregarding all public safety.
A couple stands behind their wedding cake.
A wet black dog is carrying a green toy through the grass.
Villagers selling their crops at the market.
In a crowded concert a man in white is approaching the main singer who is wearing a yellow shirt.
A boy jumps on his skateboard while a crowd watches
A man and a baby are in a yellow kayak on water.
Two people are sitting on a bench, and one women is standing by them.
A construction site on a street with three men working.
Two men sitting on a bench talking, with a billboard advertisement for glasses in the background.
A group of youths march down the street waving flags showing the color spectrum.
Three old men are watching another man prepare fish.
A woman in a white tank top with a green flowing skirt, on stage singing a song.
Two men and two women sitting on steps outdoors.
A brown and black lab are outside and the black lab is catching a toy in its mouth.
Hockey goalie boy in red jacket crouches by goal, with stick.
The man with the backpack is sitting in a buildings courtyard in front of an art sculpture reading.
Toddler boy in a red hat holding on to some railings.
Three dogs stand in a grassy field while a person kneels nearby.
A man is standing in front of a skyscraper
A woman is walking her baby with a stroller at the local park.
A man in a red shirt is sitting by fruit for sale.
A young blond-haired boy and a dark-haired girl are eating at a kid's table.
The boy eats his food outside at the table.
A man wearing black is playing an electric guitar at a concert.
A girl playing softball hits the ball almost directly downwards
A man in a black shirt plays a black-colored guitar.
A man wearing a black shirt smoothing out concrete in an urban area.
A woman in a white shirt is sitting at a table in a nice restaurant.
A woman is laying on a red blanket in a park.
A solitary man stand on a bridge in the evening.
A child walks in a grassy field.
A man and his dog are grilling green beans on a grill.
Three people rest on a ledge above the moutains.
Many people cross a very tall footbridge with a tree-covered hill in the background.
A young boy overlooking a crowd of inflatable boats.
Two little girls and an old man have a conversation.
Asian man and blond woman holding hands outdoors, man in background watches.
An older man with gray hair is sitting in a chair playing a large instrument made of bamboo.
A man in a white shirt rides a bicycle on a busy street.
A man is standing on a ladder painting bricks
A 30 somethings man playing with his phone on a subway train.
Two women are walking in a crosswalk with a bus in the background.
A group of people are eating noddles.
A woman is carrying a bowl full of fruit on her head near the ocean side.
A guy wearing blue in a hole.
Four children are smiling as they pose together with a bicycle that is much too big for them.
Two individuals, a male and a female, standing in a forested area around a tub.
A sleeping baby is in someone's arms and wearing a pink striped outfit
A member of an African tribe is watching the camera intently in tribal dress.
A samurai warrior in full black dress takes his sword from the sheath on an outdoor training mat.
Several young people sitting on a rail above a crowded beach.
Five hikers, one facing towards the camera and the others facing away from it, are walking through a rocky riverbed.
A security guard stands by a metal, lighted sculpture.
Two women, one in green and the other in purple, washing a sidewalk.
Two girls crouch in front of some bushes and talk on their phones.
A young girl wearing a multicolored holding an orange ball in her right hand walking through bright green grass behind a house
A young child playing with a toy while laying on the floor.
A little boy skateboarder is doing a trick on his board while another young skateboarder watches.
Two kids are laughing in the grass.
Young woman holding a bottle, reaching out from a bench to shake a man's hand.
A driver communicating on his walkie talkie.
A girl paddling down a large river, as seen from behind her.
A girl with pigtails plays in the water.
A couple wearing white sweaters sit at a restaurant table.
A meal is on a table in a restaurant.
Two construction workers take a seat on a steel beam.
A child happily mixing batter in a bowl.
Two children play with a balloon in mud on a sunny day.
A little girl looking at a brochure on train rides
Two women are sitting and talking and laughing together.
People jogging together on a park sidewalk.
A little kid is jumping off a high dive at the pool.
A light-colored dog runs on the beach.
A man lounges in a wooden basin of water while eating a fruit.
A man is sleeping on a bench near a bus stop.
A little girl in a red shirt and jeans climbs a small tree while another little girl looks on.
A man asleep in a car that's driving.
A woman in a red shirt is under a blanket and sleeping in a vehicle.
A man in a home kitchen is flipping a pancake extremely high.
Several firefighters are responding to an alarm.
Several firefighters stand outside of a building near their firetrucks.
A beach with blue and red boats, with people on shore
Men wearing hard hats and safety vests are working.
A magazine vendor sits behind a very colorful collage of magazines.
A man in a hard hat is wearing a blue shirt and blue jean overalls.
At the bakery, the fat old baker sleeps while his apprentice rubs the flour out of his eyes, seated beside him.
A group of shirtless men are sitting in the shade on a tropical beach.
A boy in his blue swim shorts at the beach.
A skier is overlooking a snow-covered mountain.
A boy wearing a red shirt is riding his bike right next to a mound of dirt.
Bikers in a bike race take a sharp left turn.
Three boys playing and biking with a pile of sand in the middle
Elderly man with a cane bends over near a man and woman.
A doctor and nurses in blue scrubs are performing an operation.
A black and white dog jumps after a yellow toy.
A woolly dog chases a Doberman on a beach.
A man stand there after rolling a bowling ball down a lane.
An old weathered, bearded man wearing all black, riding a beautiful white donkey on white rocks.
A man and woman napping on a blue couch.
A man wearing a yellow shirt is throwing a javelin on a track.
A crowd watching air balloons at night.
A woman is reading a magazine over another woman's shoulder.
Two men squat to light candles at night.
A young man is walking through a busy street beside a mall.
The little boy rides his bicycle in a race.
A group of people sitting at a table in a darkened room.
A man with two dogs on a beach
A boy covered in suds has his face wiped clean.
Dozens of people are partying on a boat.
A young woman on a boat in a light colored bikini kicks a man wearing a straw cowboy hat.
A boy sliding down a slide into a pool with colorful tubes.
A man in a wetsuit is throwing a toddler up in the air and is ready to catch him.
A group of people riding in the back of a truck, down the road, in a country area.
Two chefs prepare burgers in a restaurant kitchen.
Two young boys making silly faces.
A person with brown pants is sitting around a fenced area that has sparks flying.
Woman on a hill by a white cross overlooking a beach.
Four girls are sitting in the grass while several men stand near them.
Men at work shoveling snow from a rail track.
A man, and girl and two horses are near a contained fire.
Workers wearing reflective vests working near a train car.
An older guy looking at a classic, rustic, volkswagen beetle.
A woman assembles a white metal frame on the sidewalk.
There are three dogs starring at a ball in the middle of them.
A shirtless man and a woman sitting on a dock.
Men in safety vests are working on a track.
A man fixing the road with his equipment.
A woman with reddish hair applies mascara to her eyelashes.
A white dog has its head on the ground.
A woman in blue shorts and a white shirt is indoor rock climbing.
Many scooters are parked together on the sidewalk.
The regional park police helicopter is preparing to land.
A man in a reflective jacket positions himself on scaffolding.
A group of fourteen is assembled in a hall with dining tables and a stage.
A teenage boy is jumping on an inflatable slide.
A family playing on a tractor on a beautiful day
An elderly woman pan frying food in a kitchen.
Two young people are approached by a flamboyant young woman dressed in a red bikini and a red feathered headress.
Two skiers are making their way through woodland.
Skiiers at the top of a snow covered hill.
A brown dog running next to grass.
A woman in a green shirt and jeans kneels on a stoop with coffee in hand, her purse beside her and a large door behind her, as she fills out paperwork.
People are crossing a city street intersection.
A woman dressed in light purple and wearing a corsage clasps her hands in her lap.
A mother and children is fishing on a boardwalk at night.
Six males playing a game in the sand with wooden paddles.
A woman in a green tank top is surrounded by three children, laughing.
A male in a black shirt, and black pants, working on the engine of an old, green antique automobile, with a yellow gas canister sitting on the grass.
A woman in a blue jacket rides a brown pony near water.
Two horses pull a carriage driven by a woman over snow covered ground.
A person climbing down a sheer rock cliff using a rope
The group of hikers is resting in front of a mountain.
A woman standing in front of a chalk drawing
Three young adults are sitting around, with the girl pretending to kick one of the guys in the face while laughing, and the guy behind him looks like he's in midsentence.
A group of kids in class with their hands in the air.
A man wearing swimming trunks jumps off a concrete platform into a large body of water.
Woman meticulously working with a sewing machine.
A lady in a white t-shirt is looking toward the person with their arm raised in the air.
A girl working at a farm market selling peppers.
An elderly women is sitting in a chair with a cane in her hand.
A boy has blown four bubbles on the lawn.
A little boy playing in the water.
Dog running out of tunnel on obstacle course
A yellow dog and a black and white dog are running in the dirt.
Two men barbecuing at a beach.
A little girl in a flower print bathing suit, jumping into the ocean.
Little girl in blue swimsuit standing on a handrail near a beach.
A young Asian boy sits on a railing behind a row of colorful hats
A white and black dog is jumping into a pool.
The boys smiles underwater at the pool.
Two people having a discussion sitting in a restaurant.
Several people are taking a break while on a snowmobiling ride.
Two people working on removing snow from a roof.
A young man wearing a black shirt takes a folding chair from a large stack.
A woman is walking at dusk down an urban street.
A little girl with brown hair is blowing the petals off of a flower.
Three people on ATV's outside.
A man on a four wheeler is flying through the air.
A man on a four-wheeler jumps near a small building.
A woman with dark hair wearing a bikini is sitting on a beach.
Two hands are flipping some food in a cast iron pan, with a spatula.
Two women hugging in a grassy, fenced field with a cow's behind in the background.
A large ship approaching the dock with two men awaiting its arrival.
A man in sandals and white cardigan sits on a green bench while talking on his cellphone.
A man on stage singing into a microphone.
Three guys riding on an elephant with a house-like structures and trees in the background.
A mexican man sits under the hood of his truck.
A boy in yellow glasses and red-haired girl pose for the camera.
A group of people gather and holding different types of flags.
A white baby boy crying over a tipped over toy.
Small boy carries a soccer ball on a field.
A woman is watching as a guy is scooping ice cream from a freezer.
A group of people are sitting on stools eating some food
People are standing around an American flag that is spread out, facing the wrong direction.
A young girl painting a picture.
A cyclist is riding a bicycle on a curved road up a hill.
A little girl in a denim jacket running through a field.
Man in blue shirt and black pants is looking at his thumb on one hand while holding glasses in his other hand.
A couple kissing while going up the escalator.
A soccer player in a green uniform with a ball in is hands is being held up by some of his teammates, while an opposing player in red reaches for the ball.
Men are constructing a wall in the desert.
A young group of friends adorned with face paint and feathered headbands sit on a bench.
The lady has a black sling bag.
A man in a black jacket is standing with a group of people behind him.
A black dog jumping to catch a rope toy
A young girl is looking through an old fashioned video camera.
Girl in odd clothes reading a brochure while sitting on a wooden porch.
A man dressed in a funky outfit is playing guitar.
A hockey goalie is trying to prevent a goal from the opposing team.
An adult and a child walk along the beach during the day.
A man in an apron sits on a curb.
A brown and white dog jumping up to catch a Frisbee while an audience watches.
Two tennis players are talking on the tennis courts.
Two jugglers using flaming torches are performing for a crowd of people who are sitting on steps.
Two children running with no shoes on.
A baby is sitting on and playing with smooth rocks.
A boy in a Gap hat is making a silly face.
Five men, one wearing a white shirt standing on something, hanging up a picture of a child.
A person in a hat is playing with a boy on a beach.
A girl in a green Speedo top and blue goggles holds her breath underwater.
Boys on a motor-scooter riding down a busy urban street.
Two ladies and a man playing a card game and drinking beer.
People enjoy a gathering with Pabst Blue Ribbon and Diet Coke.
Man with red shoes, white shirt and gray pants climbing.
A rock climber climbs a large rock.
A little girl playing in water on a frog sculpture.
A dog is running on the beach.
People sitting in a restaurant eating and one is reading the paper.
A girl wearing a red short and a white shirt looking through a hole.
Black and white bird standing on hand of someone holding sunflower seeds
A woman in a white shirt and pink skirt is about to hit a tennis ball.
A dog is standing in the sand.
This is a man standing on a rooftop with construction in the background.
A man looks through a large camera-like device in a field near a camper and some parked vehicles.
A little boy stands in the surf.
A woman in Muslim attire is walking with a young boy down the street.
The small dog is running across the lawn.
A woman is jogging on a sidewalk next to an elevated grassy platform.
A man in red pants jumping on a park table.
A dog with its mouth open running through a field torwards the camera.
Smiling little girl swimming in outdoor pool.
A bike sitting in a street with a rope tied to it and a guy walking on the rope.
A man and child on a ship doing maintenance.
A small child doing a handstand on a bed.
Men wearing orange safety vest are working on street repairs.
A man with a safety vest is kneeling down and cleaning the bricks.
Workman are completing repairs on a city street.
Man is standing on white sand and holding a snowboard.
A man in an orange vest standing atop a building.
A guy in a yellow shirt and light brown slacks is playing golf while the crowd watch.
A young girl in a karate uniform holding a large trophy.
A kid with floaters jumping into a lake.
A woman in pink cuts a hamburger with a spatula.
A boy in a dirty shirt is walking through knee-high ocean water.
A man standing beside the back of a nude statue.
A little toddler dressed in white is smiling while a lady helps him wave a flag.
A person stands on a structure on the lake.
A young man in a gray jacket stands behind the counter of a jewelery store and smiles.
People walking up and down the steps to a church.
A number of children enjoy themselves on the coast of a city.
A female works out near the ocean side.
Two men are working on a carpentry project with hand tools.
A woman and two girls dressed in pink.
A man in a black suit and briefcase hurrying somewhere, while talking on his cellphone.
A brunette woman walking down a street with a cup.
A bald little boy holds a chicken while two men are sitting in the background.
A man sitting on a wall and looking at a body of water.
Two dogs run through the water with a rope in their mouths.
A boy strolls by a pond in a park.
Blond child with large black coat, multicolored scarf, and knit hat standing in front of a window.
Brown dog with tennis ball in mouth, in water and bushes.
Two brown dogs runs through the water.
A girl blowing bubbles in the swimming pool.
A pile of seaweed sits on the sand, behind it a big black dog is running in the water.
A young boy runs while wearing sandals.
A brown and white dog stands outside while it snows.
Someone working on a project using a jigsaw cutting machine.
A women's roller derby team taking a break.
A boy jumps from one bed to another.
A man wearing a yellow shirt standing in the middle of two beds that a boy is jumping on in the background
A young man holding a huge chainsaw.
A man on a motorcycle without a shirt and another man standing under shade.
Three people enter a building with a handwritten sign that says "Welcome Bikers."
A man is putting up a wall.
A brown-haired woman looks at a baby eating something.
A line of people, some standing and some sitting, are waiting on a platform for a train.
Two skiers stand, two sit on slopes.
People strolling in a mall with colorful decorations hanging from the ceiling.
A female blacksmith is shoeing a horse.
The child in the green one piece suit is walking past a store window.
A group of girls are cheering.
A man is inside a truck looking out with his left arm in front of a door.
A child getting out of the car wearing soccer shoes.
A white, young man in dreadlocks and a green kilt is sitting on a couch smiling.
A man in a blue shirt is kissing a woman with blond-hair on the cheek.
A man and women are posing for the camera and looking very happy together.
Two children play on the path in a park.
A very colorful bus is pulled off to the side of the road as its passengers load.
A smiling woman holds a person dressed in a pig costume.
A woman wearing a blue helmet rides her bicycle in a parking lot.
A little girl wearing a green dress is standing in front of puddle.
A man wearing a helmet riding his bicycle down the street.
Young boy and an older man waiting to check out.
Two people take in the scene as they stand together looking out over the canyon.
A lady wearing a helmet holding a bike.
A young man standing in front of a red freight car holding a camera and taking a photo.
A person in blue shorts and wearing a Walkman jogs.
A man and a woman play on a tree while others look on.
A group of young people are in a garage
Three men are looking at a sign on a cross in a canyon.
A young lady sits in front of a fence with a bucket.
The woman tries to hide from work under a black sweatshirt, but her red corduroy pants give her away.
A young man cleaning a statue with a brush.
Two young men clutch rags in their hands as a elderly man tells them how to clean the large cross.
A woman sits on a man's shoulders using a heavy brush as a hammer.
Group setting up a wooden cross near a large boulder.
A young boy picks up a paintbrush and grins.
Four men in white shirts and baseball caps sitting around a table.
A boy looking at a chopped log.
Man with gray hair telling a story to a group of younger people on a bench.
Two people are standing in a field holding some books.
A person doing a skateboard flip next to a black trashcan.
A man standing on a railroad track looking through his binoculars at a river.
Numerous people sitting on the ground near a straw hut.
A kid may be playing soccer while in a suit.
People on bicycles waiting at an intersection.
A construction worker is building scaffolding for the job.
A little baby dressed in green and yellow wearing a bib cries.
A shirtless man leading a horse that is pulling a carriage.
A guy standing outside with no shirt on looking up at the building.
The young girl is swinging high above the ground on a nice summer day.
A young man does a skateboard trick off of a concrete bench.
The man is holding the net for the boy playing baseball.
An Elderly man crouches to lift the covering off the grill wear several shish kabab are grilling.
A man wearing a black shirt and goggles is running along the street
A five person surgical team is about to perform an operation in a hospital.
A boy standing at the beach holding a blue pale and a green shovel.
A small girl spins in the waves in the bright sun.
Three people sitting outside on small rocks behind a big bush, wearing long pants.
A man with a pitchfork stands near a bucket of branches across from an apartment complex.
A groundskeeper has collected a bucket full of sticks.
Black and white dog looking at camera with man bent over in the background.
A man wearing suspenders in standing on a train.
Two men and two women are preparing a large meal in the kitchen.
Girl learning about animals at the zoo.
A group of friends are fishing off the loading ramp
A mother and son read a book about dinosaurs together.
Two women, sitting at a table, with a green straw inside of a drink.
A little boy in overalls crying.
Three men are setting up a sledge on a snowy plain.
A person is sitting behind two large baskets of bread.
A man in an pilot uniform is walking down the sidewalk carrying luggage.
People walking along a river near a beautiful homestead.
A female swimmer wearing a swim cap and nose clips moves slowly through the water is seen from below.
Four men sitting and working on laptops.
A man in a baseball cap cleans out a blue colored pit outside where colorful Christmas lights hang above him.
A girl sleeping with a baby doll wearing a princess costume
A female washes her medium-sized dog outdoors in a plastic container while a friend secures it with a leash.
A kid jumping into a pool of water.
Child in black jacket, red pants and fleece had sleeps on a red jacket.
The old man in the brown hat is sitting on the bench.
Three kids on a grass field, one of them searching for food in her mom's purse.
A black man operates an orange crane.
Three girls walk under an arbor on a path surrounded by trees.
A beach is full of many people.
People are gathered around and walking buy a display of clothing and other items.
Man paddling a boat on a river near the bank.
Two women stand together holding a pot and a pan of food.
A young girl wearing yellow flip-flops is sitting on a large boulder.
Blond woman driving a red bicycle carriage holds the tip of her hat and poses for the camera with a customer seated in the back.
A young boy in a flowered apron is helping his mother cook.
A young man is presenting another woman with a cake with three candles on top.
The woman with the hat is selling some fruits and root crops.
Person wearing a hooded jacket sitting on snow in front of a yellow tent.
Two dogs are wrestling in a grassy field.
A man in a safety vest is kneeling down and working on a train.
Five construction workers dig a hole to plant a tree.
A man in a red shirt is giving toys to a small dog.
Old lady sitting in a room full of flowers.
5 athletes wearing white tops and white bottoms are doing a routine for an audience.
Construction workers standing outside looking at wires above them.
A happy young boy sits in a chair with a large Elmo doll.
A child is brushing an infant's hair.
Young man showing off by performing a karate move for surprised girl.
A man eating in a messy kitchen.
A teenage boy has a silver ring protruding from his nose.
This man is smiling very big at the camera.
A group of young people are playing in a fountain of water.
A woman throwing a Frisbee on a beach.
The dark brown dog is playing with the light brown dog.
A guy wearing protective gear is welding a steel beam.
Man in orange shorts builds a sand castle, combining multiple pictures into one resulting in four copies of him.
Two men and a dog are standing among rolling green hills.
A group of people walking on a street in front of an AMC building.
A white male wearing glasses is blowing a bubble in a house.
An adult shows a young child a fencing outfit which is set up on a tree.
A big dog catches a ball on his nose
A man and two women wearing all black act out a scene in front of a building with steps.
Two children wearing jeans squirt water at each other.
A tan colored dog is jumping into an outdoor pool.
People sitting in a circle with a book in the middle.
Couple, man and woman, with little girl all of them dressed in wedding apparel while standing along shoreline.
Lots of people walking under a awning of pink and white balloons
A line of six children in bathing suits prepare to leap into a swimming pool.
Two bakery employees wearing red aprons are preparing food.
A little child with a red cap and a duck are in the grass.
Parents are pushing little children in red car carts.
One man in a blue shirt is operating a watering hose and another man in a brown shirt is moving tarps.
Three boys wearing Florida Marlins hats.
A family coming back from shopping and a gentlemen is reading his newspaper to the side of the street.
Two women holding hands in the air while jumping.
A woman carries a child in her arm and holds another child's hand as they walk outside next to a building.
A dog walks through a field.
A busy street with lots of people standing around talking and two are holding bikes.
Colored woman rolling a bowling ball down an alley.
A soccer player in a red uniform goes after the ball, fending off a player in white.
A group of people walking down a trail in the woods.
Three children are playing with a red ball in a park.
A little boy kicking a rubber ball.
This picture of a man reading is tilted.
A man on a ladder wearing blue jacket and a blue jeans
Three road workers in orange jackets and pants clean up with a wheelbarrow.
A man on stilts stands in front of a line of drummers.
A young guy, probably in his early twenties, shows off his culinary skills with pride.
Terrier dog playing with toy on blanket
A dog running across a grassy field with a stick in its mouth.
A boy with glasses and plaid shirt reads a book.
A young man looks at a book on the ground in a wooded area.
2 men stand in line at a restaurant.
Several children sit on a carnival ride in front of the face of a clown and several fake balloons.
A woman with dirty blond-hair and glasses is cutting something.
A man wearing a ball cap and a blue T-shirt rides a white horse down a dirt road through lush, green nature.
A middle-aged woman cooking while her dog watches.
Redhead woman in pigtails and glasses sewing on a sewing machine.
Two men in a room looking at a computer screen.
A gray dog runs along side a pool while a yellow dog jumps into the pool.
A child is sliding down a hill on a sled.
A man and a woman locking arms (wearing expensive clothing) next to glass display (perhaps retail stores) on the sidewalk in an urban setting.
Two workers toil in a smelting factory.
An old woman sits in a transit station next to a backlit advertisement.
People waiting outside a building next to a mural.
Three people push a piece of large machinery through the street.
A man wearing a sleeveless shirt and construction helmet.
A man with a beard and a hat is begging for money from people.
The girl on the unicycle reaches out for the child on the scooter.
Skiers get caught on the dusty slopes and almost fall down and break their legs.
A man wearing a plastic bib with a crab on it, holds up a wooden hammer.
A man jumps off of a small stone bridge while three children and a woman watch him.
Person sitting on concrete landing next to body of water
A man playing a guitar while a couple is listening and watching another man dancing to the music.
Some construction workers are taking a break.
A woman in a bright green sweater is playing with a dragon puppet a garden.
Large amount of people sitting up against the walls of buildings.
A child hold green shoes is walking in the sand by the water.
A wedding day with the bride in a bright white beautiful dress
A person wearing a purple jacket stands behind a tall tree.
Customers are waiting for service at a takeout window.
A woman with a floral shirt and purse and a man with a black shirt are walking while another man walks behind them.
Bird's eye view of a man ascending a staircase outdoors.
Men and women wearing white swim caps giving each other piggyback rides.
A family is sitting outside enjoying themselves in a park area.
A brunette woman is sitting in a blue folding chair and reading at the beach.
Commuters rush to get on the late train.
A baby and a young child are sitting together in a highchair.
A group of worshipers hold their services in a public park.
A man is sitting in front of a computer monitor holding a keyboard and looking at the camera.
A child is laying down on a wooden bench.
Surrounded by spectators, a man in a red shirt, white pants and visor, swings a golf club.
Two men are discussing sometime near a wall with some graffiti on it.
Some people with black belts, or black and red belts, are performing martial arts on a green mat.
A female martial arts student demonstrates with a weapon while others watch.
Several young adults performing in martial arts clothing.
A young women sits at a vending stall labeled ice creams and programs.
A boy poses for a picture and in the background a man is hanging by a rope.
Two people are sitting with their backs facing cotton candy.
A girl in a yellow dress with the sun shining on her face
Eight gentlemen are working with stone &amp; tile.
2 women wearing brightly colored clothes are sitting next to a dirt road on a rock having a conversation while they 're watching the field.
Two men in black eating a sandwich.
Closeup of a man in a bar, holding his glasses slanted in front of his face.
A boy is sitting on rectangular blocks.
A child is playing in the street, doing a cartwheel.
A man is sitting behind a hard wood counter.
A man in a black jacket is taking a photo of a man in a red jacket.
A man in a yellow jumpsuit rowing a boat with a bird in front.
A male with a hat is juggling four balls.
A person in a black hat is holding multicolored juggling pins.
Five people are sitting around a table, outside, playing a card game.
Family sitting on a bench near the beach.
A man and a woman can prepare meals at camp together.
The four hikers walked up the gravel road.
Two African American makes play their trumpets in a major city with onlookers watching.
People at a distance trying to climb a cliff.
Two police officers look at a house from a distance with binoculars.
A group of children in brown outfits are performing.
Two young male hikers using a map and compass to find their direction in the woods.
Two men on the side of a barge
Three children, baby in the center, sit in an outdoor swing chair.
A child stands ready with a baseball mitt.
Two girls standing on grass face each other.
Group of people walking on the heavy snow.
Two workers that are working on the side of a street in neon yellow vests.
City workers fixing concrete on a road.
A construction crew working at several spots on the road.
A man with red-hair working on his bicycle.
A woman sitting on a bench in front of a large painting.
A young boy plays on a swing.
Two men in the woods using a chainsaw to cut some trees.
Construction workers work on a road into the night.
A man wearing a black jacket is playing guitar.
Group of people standing or sitting outside of a cafe.
A man with a guitar is sitting on a bench outside with three other people sitting by him.
A man and a woman fish from a boat.
A young child holds a spoon to its mouth while sitting in a chair.
A man in a tan fisherman's cap puts lip balm on a woman in a boat.
A man adjusts the knobs on a large sound mixing board.
A woman in a striped shirt and black hair stands facing some booths.
A black dog and a brown dog playing in tall weeds.
A man in a red and white checked shirt plays in a park.
Two men take measurements of a wall at an open construction site.
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.
A brown dog jumping in the air on a brown plain.
A young woman standing on a window ledge of brick building while child looks on.
Two teenage girls, one wearing a white jersey and the other wearing a red jersey, playing soccer.
A young baby sucking a Binky asleep in a chair.
A man pulling a fancy rickshaw along a waterway smiles and gives the "thumbs up" sign.
A closeup of a child on a playground with adult supervision.
A man in a red shirt pins a younger man in a white shirt to a blue padded mat.
These men are practicing martial arts.
Women and men in a different country looking like they are clapping
A woman shops at a farmers market.
People walk around and mingle in a large open space with a dog.
Two women wearing hats covered in flowers are posing.
The little girl is riding in a brown horse.
A teenage boy is talking to a group of teenage girls.
A man is sitting at an outside bar near many soda and beer cans.
Three people stand outside around two grills where meat is being cooked.
An asian family is picnicking at the beach while others play in the water.
Two men in tall hats frown at the camera
Three people sit on wood benches set on white and orange tile.
The man is wearing a white shirt and sunglasses.
A group of three individuals are working in a cluttered office setting.
A boy in a wetsuit jumps into a pool with a bald man.
A boy is diving off a diving board into a swimming pool.
Two emergency responders are at the scene of an incident.
A man creating a clay object at a potters wheel.
People having a barbecue by the beach.
A woman is holding a little girl who is trying to catch bubbles.
Two men are hanging out and grilling
A woman playing a guitar in front of a group of people standing outside.
Two dogs are playing together on green grass.
An artist consults the plan for her section of an elaborate chalk drawing on a sidewalk.
A man at work, butchering a cow.
A man with a large feather in his hat rides a horse.
Two persons carry a large, inflatable bottle, past a young woman and a parked white car.
These girls are in uniforms and are playing field hockey.
A white and tan dog leaps through the air.
A woman in the middle of throwing a bowling ball in a bowling alley.
One man is playing the drums while another is singing Karaoke.
A brown horse stands near a black horse that is sitting on the ground.
A kid looking over a carnival booth counter at the various toys.
A man sleeps in a hammock next to water and a boat.
Eleven little girls posing as a team in a pool.
A man in a gray and black sweater is sitting on a stool in front of a group of cages.
A very unusually dressed man sitting beside an ice cream cooler.
A man in a brown shirt is sitting on the sidewalk and playing a guitar.
A little girl with a tiara eating in someones lap.
A black and brown dog is laying on a white shaggy carpet.
The three girls sat on the beach.
A little boy looks at his reflection in a burnished marble wall.
Men and women on bikes stop to look at something.
A little girl in pink dances with her hands on her hips.
A man and woman enjoy a cigarette outside of a shop.
An Asian city at night with a large number of people walking around.
A woman wearing a blue jacket reaching out to a child.
A man dressed as a cook enjoys a meal and bottle of wine in an empty restaurant.
A man with facial hair in white clothes eating a steak.
Three men work quickly preparing food in the kitchen of an upper-class Chinese restaurant.
A man sits on a rock.
A young girl in a yellow dance, dancing on a stage with a baseball field in the background.
The kids play in the wooded area near the water.
A girl in a pink shirt lies on her back in the grass.
A couple holds a sign that reads Teaching children for peace.
Three people wearing colorful costumes and masks sitting between two stone statues.
A man on bicycle riding down a rocky hill.
Three young girls dance on the beach in the sand.
Young girl in blue dress stepping over a soccer ball.
A snarling brown and black dog corners a brown long-haired cat under a wooden bench.
Many people are standing and are watching something.
2 people sit barefoot in a tent, one with a beer and one lounging playing a guitar.
A man in shorts is chopping wood outside a teepee.
One boy in a striped shirt and one girl in a green shirt each riding on bicycles with training wheels.
An adult and a child sitting on a police motorcycle.
A man with no shirt on and a hat is using a hammer and anvil.
A woman in black is playing a Cello type instrument.
Two men in a wooden boat, one wearing yellow and one wearing black, traveling on a smooth body of water.
A young man with ginger hour is playing a game of pool.
A man in a red outfit is riding a red motorbike uphill on a motocross circuit.
A woman giving a blond-haired toddler a drink from a cup.
Six women are sitting at a table together in front of a bookshelf.
People walk by a display of underwear hanging in a stall.
Two bicyclists pose by a stream for a picture.
Two children are standing on a green metal fence.
A young boy wearing a clever black and white shirt with his head bowed down
A truck has just crashed into the back of another truck.
Two restaurant employees exchange a plate of food under a Mongolian BBQ neon sign.
Two boys playing in the water wearing shorts.
A green John Deere tractor in a field pulling a red trailer.
Two children are playing on a makeshift barrel swing.
A varied crowd mills about (or rough-houses) on a public street, with lots of bicycles on display.
Two people do jumping jacks on the beach
There are about a dozen of men in work clothes that are getting directions for a task.
The 3 dogs are cruising down the street.
The lady in the red car is crossing the bridge.
A girl with a black purse sitting on a wooden bench.
A man in a plaid shirt connecting his black laptop to his microscope.
A man is painting on a sidewalk in the city.
A girl in a white shirt is sitting on a park bench with a dog next to her.
A man riding a bike wearing a green shirt with a drink in his hand.
A man is playing a small guitar-like instrument and singing into a microphone.
The women with shorts has her hand placed on a white car.
A person is standing with one leg propped up with an object with a blue line in his left hand.
Kids playing at a playground on a stack of tires
A man in red snow gear looks at an expanse of snow and mountains.
A man wearing a wife-beater, sitting around fruit in a low budget market.
A boy in a red hat and black shirt is skateboarding near a red and white striped curb.
A young child is climbing a rock wall in all his protective gear.
Asian woman in white shirt standing away from the crowd behind her.
A woman on a subway is falling asleep.
A female athlete ties the laces of one of her cleats on the field.
A man in yellow and green shorts jumping in a living room.
Young girl stirs a pot with a spoon in the kitchen while wearing a large black blanket.
Several travelers either standing or sitting on what appears to be a subway car.
A boy experiencing and exhibit at the museum.
A male gymnast leaps over a stack of wooden platforms.
A dog trots across the ground with a large stick in his mouth.
Man wearing protective eye gear performs a science experiment while woman watches.
A tall man stirring a pot of food on a stove.
A woman is being interviewed at her dining table.
A woman with long brunette hair and a beige hoodie is standing near cabinets.
A man with gloves works in a lab.
A boy laying on the grass face down with a football at his feet.
A woman realigns her sock in a messy park.
Boy and his family celebrating his birthday with a brightly lit cake.
A man driving a green miniature train.
A man in a white t-shirt is smiling as looking at something.
A man is pouring drinks at a table.
Two black dogs are trotting through an empty public area.
A girl in a green shirt jumps in the air.
About 12 kids and a few adults get splashed by an off-camera source.
An old man in traditional costume seems to be in a cheerful mood.
A female with blond-hair is cutting a watermelon on a marble countertop.
People are standing on a platform to board a train.
A little boy wearing a blue baseball cap is sitting on a dock overlooking the water.
Groups of people observe fish in a large tank.
Four people walking across thick snow during a sunset.
A waiter presenting an order to the kitchen staff.
A woman in a teal shirt and a beige cardigan looks away from the board game she is sitting in front of.
People waiting in line for their favorite beverage.
A military or police officer stands by as people pass in a public square.
A woman in a red dress covers another woman's eyes.
A woman reading a newspaper and a man in a green jacket riding a train.
A man standing and cheering amongst a stadium of others sitting.
A man without a shirt is walking on top of lots of rocks.
A boy in a red sweater running on the beach
A couple walking at a gathering with a balloon in the air behind them.
A man in a black hat walks down the street.
A man is standing on a street holding a sign.
The man on the beach looking for stuff with metal detector.
A young boy wearing a blue t-shirt holds up an odd-looking object for inspection while standing among trees.
Two young children are standing in hall.
The waterskier does a flip behind a boat.
A small boy is sitting on a bench next to a large jelly bean mascot.
Two people are wakeboarding in the water and are being pulled by a boat.
A man sprinkles seasonings on his barbecue in front of foliage.
Boy with dark skin, standing on his head with legs spread, at the end of a floating wooden boat.
Two men are playing music on a bench.
Two woman in colorful costumes look at a little girl wearing a brown vest.
Some children watching fish in a pool.
A backhoe is on top of a pile of rubble from a demolished building.
Three boys play with paddles on the beach.
A woman in a light blue jacket is riding a bike.
Someone is taking a stroll on their bike.
Two people with helmets are riding bikes in front of a building.
Two bicyclists riding beside some railroad tracks.
A couple enjoy a beautiful day bicycling on a bike trail wearing bicycling safety helmets and gloves.
Women in bike helmets take break from long ride.
A man wearing a black helmet, blue jacket, and khaki shirts rides his bike on the street next to a red car.
Kid about to go on bike ride with parent
Two little boys look back as they walk across a grassy area.
Child on a small motorbike near a small pond.
Two little blond girls in helmets are sitting on a red ATV.
A boy in white plays baseball.
A young boy with his tongue stuck out is climbing onto a wooden platform.
A woman standing at the counter of a takeout window.
A dog wearing a blue harness stands in the snow and pants.
A woman is standing next to a Japanese version of Disney's Snow White.
A woman orders a dish at a street kitchen vendor.
Dogs pulling a sled in a sled race.
A lone musician in black is on stage, playing an acoustic guitar and singing into a microphone.
A young boy in a swimming suit sits in water.
A woman in jeans walking along a pathway with green railing.
A woman in a black shirt is hugging a man.
A woman squatting in the grass is smiling at a little boy, as he smiles and raises his hands in the air.
The dog has red straps in its back.
A black dog and a white dog are standing on snow.
A dog jumping in the water at a beack.
A brown, fluffy dog jumping into a swimming pool after a red toy.
A white dog jumping to catch a red ball.
A boy jumps from one table to another at a park.
Two and four footed neighbors stop by to visit.
A heavyset couple interact outside a striped cabana on a beach located near a pier.
A young girl tries her hand at gardening.
A lady that's holding a yellow bag is sitting on a chair in a store.
A woman reaching out to lights.
Three young women perform a dance in a crowded hall.
There are three swimmers from the same team getting ready to compete.
Two people are swimming in water next to a red buoy.
Two boys stand beside a pile of garbage on the ground.
A little boy is holding a green and yellow sponge while standing in front of a stove.
A woman squatting to face a small child while holding a dog.
A man standing in a hole in front of a woman in a garden.
A worker in a blue hat is fixing the wall.
A woman in traditional Islamic garb walks through a plaza with a bearded man.
A family poses for a photo at dinner.
A woman talks animatedly to her companion next to a body of water.
Man with hat juggling in front of a captivated audience.
A man on a phone and woman sitting near a painting.
A woman holding a dog on a leash.
A person is setting at a table in a cafe.
A woman is drinking from a green straw.
A gentleman in a purple scarf and hat is looking at money while holding an accordion.
A lady in a red and black striped shirt is sitting on a retaining wall.
A crowd of people are standing together on a sidewalk, while one man is taking a picture.
The woman in glasses is holding a red and white sale bag.
Four boys run down a stone paved sidewalk.
A female looking out the window as a male looks in.
A hiker with an American flag on his backpack walks through the woods.
A man in a red shirt sits at a table with a glass of water.
A man cooking something in an old fire burning oven with a apron on.
These people are cooking lots of food.
A little girl in a sweater is swung around by an unseen hand.
A man in a jumpsuit and hat tends to a large spool of rope.
A boy in swim trunks does a backflip into the ocean while mountains show through the fog behind him.
An injured, bloody person sitting with friends in a hospital waiting room.
Six shirtless men are standing outside leaning on or standing near a fence.
A painter shows off his talent in front of a group of people
A boy is holding his nose and jumping off a diving board backwards into a lake.
A young boy pulls a car toy up a hill.
An Asian woman in a red sweater holding her baby.
A asian man gives an evil eye to the camera.
A toddler wearing a onesie is stretching to see a video game in an arcade.
A young boy laying face down in water.
Three boys in size order getting wet next to a wall
A woman with braids is kneeling down and adjusting string on a machine
Two people with yellow backpacks hiking up a hill.
In a tree filled park a man stretches.
Various passengers on a bus look out the window or into the distance.
Two male security officers are restraining another man by the shoulders and arms.
Two hikers walk down an arid slope next to a green conifer.
The boy has blond-hair and a dirty face.
A woman looks stone-faced in the mirror as she applies eyeliner.
A few guys playing soccer on a field.
A man in a Hawaiian shirt is playing an orange electric guitar on a stage.
People on a crowded train or bus in Asia.
There is a man on a bucking horse holding on tightly while the crowd watches at a rodeo.
An adult man wearing jeans and black shirt holding a beverage.
A man has his arms around two women who are posing for a picture with him.
A mobile food station set up to serve patrons on the city streets.
A woman with a red jacket and her companion eating snacks.
A very young boy sliding down a slide into a swimming pool, wearing blue floaties.
Girl with green tank top standing in the middle of a train track with multicolor train cars to the right.
Girl is standing out on the train tracks.
A fisherman is preparing his nets for his next haul.
A woman is sitting on a stool with an accordion.
Two gray dogs run through a field of pink heather.
A young boy with swimming goggles, jumping into a swimming pool.
People are working on the factory floor while yellow stacks of paper go by.
A young man, barefoot along side the beach, prunes a tree.
Two kids on wakeboards attempt to give one another a high-five.
An outdoor cafe with people sitting while a man in white shirt is walking toward them.
There are many people with black hair heading through some doors and a few coming out.
Several people walk up a staircase.
A man dressed in a burgundy shirt and black pants maneuvering a puppet which is holding a musical instrument.
The two racers drove the white bike down the road.
Two boys, one in a red and one in a white uniform, fight for control over the ball during a soccer match.
A man in a yellow vest sweeping a sidewalk.
An Asian family prepares meat on skewers at a night market.
A black dog swims in the water.
Two men, one standing and one on a bicycle are talking outside a building.
The group is watch a cartoon on a small electric device.
A man with a shoulder bag walking in the desert on sand with footprints behind him and the horizon with many stormy clouds.
A smiling boy runs through the grass.
A brown horse is standing behind a girl and is sniffing her hair.
Young chefs are arranging food in a kitchen.
A boy in blue shirt splashing in water under a dock
A boy splashing through the ocean.
Workers are serving up customers lined up in front of a Martins famous louisiana sausages vendor tent
Two girls are performing tricks on a trampoline.
A girl in a red bikini is jumping into a pool.
A man is pulling a cart covered in chairs.
A dog with a red collar and its tongue hanging out runs through tall grass.
A young boy covering his face while sitting on a trampoline.
A smiling woman in a purple shirt and white apron wiping her hands on a napkin.
Person hanging upside down from poles
A man wearing a gray t-shirt and blue jeans stands ready to hit a golf ball at a driving range.
Two puppies run across flat stones in garden area.
Dogs running on a cold but sunny morning
An older black woman is operating her electric wheelchair.
A green tinted hand is being held up in front of a table of people.
Two men are working on train tracks.
A little girl in an elaborate green and orange dress is chasing after a pink and white balloon figure.
These two women are having fun while taking pictures.
A man in a red shirt is jumping from a large rock formation.
Several people are riding on a roller coaster while reacting to going through a loop in various ways.
A young boy examines a field of pumpkins, with some already in his wheelbarrow.
Guy playing banjo in the park as a duck enjoys the music.
The girl in the purple top and shorts, wearing a hat, is laughing.
Woman in a bikini top is walking on the beach
A man in a dark jacket stands next to a man dressed in brown reaching down into a bag.
A man on stage performing a concert for people.
An ice cream truck is stopped in front of two small apartment buildings.
A boy wearing black swimming trunks is standing in a fountain.
A young Asian boy leaps for joy into a pool of water, his tongue stuck out for joy.
Some kids playing near the street.
This boy is playing on a playground with tires on it.
A SCUBA diver swimming deep underwater with a turtle.
A group of people carry things down a narrow road.
A brown dog is sitting in some long grass.
An African-American baby is crawling on the floor near a table.
A man walking down the street with a small boy.
A man is carrying a trash barrel past a statue of an angel.
A young woman at an open air market buying bread.
A blond girl in a white dress holding a bird in a tree.
Two people go ice skating in a rink.
A little boy and a little girl are lying on a black bench surrounded by adults.
A boy and a girl playing on the beach.
An elderly man is wearing overalls and holding a paintbrush.
An old man is napping on a park bench.
A man with a blue baseball cap on is sleeping against a rock.
A gentleman in traditional garb weaving a blanket in a field.
A man in a yellow shirt vacuums a floor while looking at the camera.
Young African man does work in a field.
A tan dog walks along a grassy path with his long pink tongue hanging out.
An asian man in a suit on the subway, asleep.
A woman in a white shirt mixing something on the kitchen counter.
People inside of a building with their heads down with a view outside of bikes.
A bike rider wearing a red shirt and black shorts is attended to by city workers.
A man in dirty jeans on top of a scaffolding.
Two chefs talk together behind a tiled restaurant calendar in a fancy restaurant.
A woman in a white apron prepares various meats on a large grill.
A man in sitting in front of a large Calvin Klein steel advertisement with a long instrument.
A man and woman, both wearing shorts, are walking down a sidewalk.
A pair of dancers perform on a red brick street.
A young boy in a white shirt is holding a wrapper.
A man in a white t-shirt cleaning up debris.
Older man in orange jumpsuit holding a water hose.
2 boys in the foreground in a karate competition and coaches in background looking on with another coach sitting at table.
Individuals with balloons participating in a walk.
People waiting to cross the street in front of a pharmacy with lit up sign.
A woman with glasses drinks coffee at a cafe.
A man in a bowling alley getting ready to throw the bowling ball down the lane.
A girl removes her eye makeup with an ear swab.
A large black and white dog is running through a grassy field.
A man studying for his exams outside a bookstore
A young man in a red shirt cooking in a frying pan.
One man kissing another man on the check and both are in white shirts with black vests.
A group of people, dressed the same walking down the street, in a parade.
People stand on a colorful balcony.
Two men beating on drums and one man blowing a horn sitting outside.
A farmer walks his pet pig down the dirt road.
Two girls in bright green boots and a woman are together.
A marketplace with rolling carts selling fruits.
A woman with blond-hair and sunglasses sitting at a table and smiling.
Three working class African American men are outside.
A little girl is swinging in a baby swing on the playground.
A girl standing in the ocean
Two children are on the beach and are playing in the wet sand.
A young woman smiling in the distance is enjoying a bubble bath.
A child wearing black and white swim gear kneeling in shallow water over a plastic yellow boat filled with wet sand.
A man is breakdancing on the floor around a crowd of people.
A man and woman enjoy a ride down the rapids on a warm day.
A girl doing a split handstand on the beach during the day with a amusement park in the background.
A man in an orange shirt is using a scraper in a sifter.
Two girls sparring with a red and blue bat while another girl watches.
A woman is pushing a young girl in a swing.
Two boys posing in blue shirts and khaki shorts.
A group of people wait at a platform while a train passes them.
A small girl playing, on the sidewalk, with a stick.
A man pushing a hand-truck of boxes is bending over to pick up a pear.
A vendor standing in the window of her shop.
Several men of Indian origin are conversing and one, in particular, seems very excited about the conversation.
Island woman cooking outside with pineapples and fruit.
A group of people in kilts are playing music while a runner in black runs by.
A man opening a barbecue oven while holding tongs.
The little girl is wearing a denim dress and holding a brown teddy bear.
A man catches a decent sized fish and is taking it off the hook
A man with a ponytail and tan tank top sitting on a couch counting on his fingers.
A man with a green shirt on is working.
Two young attractive women with shorts cross a street of a busy city.
The man climbs through the rocks and snow.
This picture is of a young girl practicing gymnastics in a gym.
Two beige dogs are playing in the snow.
A man about to step off the edge of a desert rock formation.
Three women in dresses and headscarves outside.
A little boy and his bike sit outside the Kuthhoop Hotel.
The sunshine behind a group of trees on a long rode.
A man in an orange shirt is taking a picture.
A crowd cheers on a baseball team.
A man and a much younger boy, both wearing hats, taking a stroll through nature.
Little boy pushing another little boy up the pole.
A man with a white shirt and tie is standing on a sidewalk between cement barriers.
A boy reaches the top of a jungle gym.
Two people in black vests are standing in front of children in white vests with an American flag between them.
A man with swords battling a female with a spear.
Two men in the middle of the action of a fighting match.
A young man in a white shirt cutting tomatoes.
A young boy in blue shorts is climbing rocks along the hotel resort beach shore.
A man plays saxophone next to a yellow fire hydrant.
A man in a fish market is cutting swordfish into steaks.
A dog in midair cacthing the red ball.
Three women dressed in plain clothes are cooking a meal in their kitchen.
People are walk and running on a bridge sidewalk.
Two young women are walking along a rural path bordered by trees.
A young girl on the beach, running toward the water.
A young boy in a blue shirt and green hat blows up an orange balloon.
A black and white dog jumping into a pool after tennis balls.
Little boy runs the wrong way after hitting the ball in a game of tee ball.
A person in a blue shirt is holding a microphone in their hands.
A man in white and red with sunglasses carrying and blowing a very large horn.
A barefoot redheaded girl jumping over a rail.
A woman in shorts throwing a bowling ball down a bowling alley.
He is reading a paper and she is looking at him with a smile.
A tan dog on a leash running in shallow ocean water.
The boy is jumping in the woods.
A man and a woman are sitting on the ground and surrounded by boats.
A young boy on the beach running into the ocean waves.
A boy in a blue boat tied to a larger boat dumps out a bucket of water.
A man walking down a narrow street.
A young man rests on an airport seat with a cowboy hat over his face.
Children fishing off a bridge
Man sitting in the shadows on the steps of a building.
A black and white dog jumping into a pool.
A black dog and a white dog race in a grassy field while spectators look on.
A bunch of birds outside of a building.
A golfer prepares to take a shot on golf course surrounded by trees.
A firefighter extinguishes a fire under the hood of a car.
People gather around a table with many red, white, and blue decorations around in the spacious tent.
A toddler with eggs in a bowl.
Three teenagers are carrying wood down a street while one of the teenagers is smiling at the camera.
A man stands in front of the Gateway Arch.
A young boy covered in ink stands in front of a white door.
A blond girl is stepping on vertical logs in the sand.
A young girl with a purple shirt, waters grass.
The cat looks away from the person next to it.
A couple waiting at a crosswalk in a brightly lit city.
A person in a yellow shirt stretching on a bridge.
A gut wearing a plaid shirt with a mustache selling fish at a market.
City workers are doing maintenance on a train track.
A child in front of his own reflection turning towards the camera and smiling.
Worker loading handicapped man in wheelchair onto a train.
A woman walking in a street with a young boy in front of her, and a running man behind her.
A woman is looking upset holding a water bottle in front of a wall with writing on it.
A group of African boys are looking at water pipes.
Three people on grass, one raking leaves, one mowing the lawn, another standing by a garbage bag.
A boy with a yellow shirt and black pants welding something.
Man without a shirt is climbing a rock.
A girl is winding up to throw a softball.
A man throws a small child up in the air.
A fluffy white dog is coming out of a blue striped obstacle shute.
Two children are sitting on the floor together.
Young girl carrying camping gear and a stuffed brown dog.
A guy wearing a green shirt is cooking on a campfire
A girl peeks through the leaves on a tree.
A motorcyclist drives up the side of a green mountain while another bike remains stationary.
Young boy in climbing harness scaling a climbing wall.
A man wades in the water and watches a waterfall.
A black dog is walking through a stream of water.
A man is surfing down a hill of sand.
A man with red-rimmed glasses stands with arms folded behind a metal grate.
A dog runs while holding an object in its mouth.
A dog with long hair and a red vest runs in the grass.
Two officers in uniform chatting in a golf cart.
Younger man in a yellow shirt and tan shorts is moving a dry yard or field with a riding John Deere tractor mover.
The security guard is smiling.
A long day makes the woman tired and sleepy.
Beautiful brunette woman, draped in purple, blue and a scarlet scarves.
A small black dog is in the grass.
A girl in a gray YMCA sweater looking through a telescope.
A baby carefully wrapped in a blanket sleeping in an infirmity crib.
A young lady playing guitar on a stage in a park.
Three little boys take a bath in a rubber bin on the grass.
Several people are sitting at computer desks in a messy office.
Girl with half dreadlocks and earmuffs on makes a large bubble
Children and women gather outside a building.
A man crawls through a playground plastic tube towards a little girl with red-hair.
A balding man is petting a white panda in a zoo.
A shirtless man in a blue hat and sunglasses runs waist-deep through a large body of water.
A man in a black shirt and hat plays guitar.
A man in a white shirt is plowing a field with two mules.
People playing in the water with a water bike.
A blond individual rides a jet ski in water near a mountain range.
Two man are sitting in white room playing guitar.
Three women walking together down the sidewalk, one is wearing a short white skirt.
A boy holds his hands on his head.
A man paint spattered clothing talks on a mobile phone.
A man in the window of a red big rig truck.
A man in an orange raincoat is discussing something with another man wearing work clothes near a sewer manhole.
A man in a black shirt stands in front of a construction cone.
S large man in a blue shirt and shorts leaning against a van in front of a store called "Terrible's"
A videographer and female companion stand by a waterway.
A rainbow is formed from a tank spraying water on a street.
The man with the goatee and black shirt is walking along the street.
A man in a gray shirt and a hat holding a jackhammer
Two construction workers talk while looking at a Naval ship.
A person taking a jump off a rock on a dirt bike.
A girl playing pool at a pool hall.
A man climbs up a cliff and reaches an overhang.
A group of people walking across a rope bridge.
Young man alone on a white-sand beach enjoys a snack under a beach umbrella.
A man is performing for a crowd on a tall unicycle.
A young boy runs down a field, wearing a name tag.
Earth, water and sky make this a great spot a time out.
A young baby wearing blue sleepwear has a pacifier in his mouth and is sleeping.
A man and woman walk down the street together.
A woman is smiling and reading a newspaper behind a bud light advertisement.
Two people look over a terrace wall.
A lady wearing a bonnet is sitting down with her hands on her lap.
Three workers are working on a metal roof
A woman with ripped jeans is laying on the ground with her forearm over her face.
Woman walking with face painted children while carrying a screaming child.
A chef with glasses cooks french bread in a giant oven.
Two people stand outside a wine shop.
A man and a woman tak outside of a coffee house.
A silhouette of a kid playing on a beach.
A man wearing shorts, sandals, and a black shirt is talking on his cellphone.
Two men talk in a restaurant kitchen.
A young girl sits on a rock overlooking a large field.
A man in a green hat running.
Two males running, one wearing red and white, the other navy blue and black, outside on a cloudy day.
A little boy in a yellow shirt walking on stones.
A crowd of men and women sitting and standing by a we are demanding sign.
Five Asian friends posing together for a picture.
Four women and one man sitting on the sidewalk with sleeping bags.
A lot of people bundled up together
Three young people are snuggling under a blanket on a sidewalk.
Two people are taking pictures.
Three women and a man in a hat sitting cross legged in a group.
There is an Asian girl holding a green sign protesting.
A man videotaping a group of people in front of a from new york banner.
People in a courtyard plaza are sitting and standing.
A man in a lime green shirt waits for the subway while a woman films using her phone.
Young people in yellow shirts prepare colorful food.
A woman in a yellow shirt is helping a little girl in a pink shirt.
Youngsters are being served green eggs and ham.
A man in a blue shirt holding a child while holding onto a stroller at a baseball stadium.
Little boys in white karate uniforms performing their martial arts indoors.
TWo people walking into a shadow in one direction while another walks in the midst of it.
A man, a woman with a child in a stroller on a crowded street.
The man is aiming to shoot something while his dog watches.
A horse is walking beside a boat under a bridge.
A young man is sitting at a table with a laptop and earphones.
A man is playing the banjo at a concert.
A lady with a satchel looks at merchandise in a flea market.
A man is snowboarding over a structure on a snowy hill.
The brown dog is laying down on a blue sheet.
A man in a black shirt reading a paper.
A man wearing glasses and a blue jacket is smiling while men behind him are cooking on a grill.
A guy in a leather jacket walking by a corner store.
A group of friends stand in front of art they have sprayed for a picture.
The man is doing stunts with his bicycle.
A woman is looking at dressed, headless mannequins in a store display.
A kid standing in the middle of a dirt road
A man in a brown shirt takes a picture of something on the ground in front of him.
People sitting in front of other people.
A man wearing a brown t-shirt is talking to a woman wearing a flowered tank top at an outdoor music concert.
Two girls on the shore watch people in a boat fish.
Two bicycles are standing behind two people sitting on the grass near a body of water.
Two old men sitting on the dock.
A man in a suit and two men in orange vests standing around
A small child pushes a stroller down the street.
A woman at graduation without a cap on.
An elder man overlooks a balcony facing a street.
This woman is smiling and talking on the phone while sitting on a stone wall.
Three dogs in a field looking at something in the grass.
Three children, two girls and one boy, in martial art stances, standing on the hard-wood floor of a large room.
A woman sits on a flower pot at a crowded coffee shop.
A boy stands beside a railing at a go kart track.
A white bird is standing on a wooden platform.
There is a guy wearing stilts playing the trombone in front of a mural.
Two young boys, wearing just underwear, climb around a vehicle.
A young blond girl in a pink shirt looks at a large praying mantis on her arm.
A man dressed in white and with glasses having something to eat.
A man is fishing off a beach into a large body of water while a young boy carries a net not too far away.
The soldier is standing tall as he observes the passing people.
A young man in a suit standing out from the crowd, at what appears to be an art exhibition.
A man preparing fruit below a tree.
A black dog is coming out of the ocean water on the beach with something in its mouth.
Two young children are playing on the beach while a man watches.
A group of people are sitting at a beach watching the Blue Angels.
Two young ladies play chess in a restaurant.
A person wearing a long-sleeved white shirt is weaving with yellow thread.
Two women are jogging and three men are walking on a dirt trail.
These are women members of a musical symphony dressed in black and carrying red flags outside an ornate building.
A family of four watches an air show.
A person holding a small dog on a leash is bending over and looking through items.
A brown dog carrying a black object.
A frightened little boy being pulled up and out of a pool by his father.
A man standing in front of several cliff faces.
Two people and a small white dog are playing at the park.
Two men with long hair are sitting on the ground.
Members of a brass band look at their sheet music.
A man is playing a DJ game in an arcade.
A group of women dressed in black playing musical instruments in front of a large building.
One man is sitting on top of a school bus, while another man, wearing a matching shirt, is standing inside.
Demonstrators waiting for the policemen to hear their grievances against police oppression and brutality.
A man wearing a cowboy hat and a gold cross around his neck
A old man and a youth work on starting a tiller.
People wait for their luggage at the airport.
A group of people outside after dark facing a waterway.
Four women participate in synchronized swimming at dark.
A brown dog chases a blond one in the grass.
A man in a black hat and tan jacket walking across the street.
A young girl wearing a bikini in an innertube.
A man wearing with long hair is sewing a costume.
A man with a brown t-shirt holds on to a wire while another man looks on.
A man in a cape is near a red building.
Two men dressed in business casual share a laugh.
A bass player in a red shirt is playing while smoking a cigarette.
A man dressed in black wearing odd headgear swings a staff.
A skinny girl in large boots is standing by the roadside.
Two women are standing on a boat looking at the water.
People looking at pictures on a display.
The small girl is sitting in a harness, strapped to a tether, while others watch.
A man wearing a multicolored shirt is holding a megaphone.
A young man with dark hair and a beard cooking steaks outside on a small grill.
A uniformed woman holding a camera standing in front of a crowd of spectators.
The little boy in red trunks is attempting to catch a soccer ball that is coming towards him.
Four kids rolling and sliding down a sand dune.
The small furry white dog is walking in the green grass.
A little girl high-fives a yellow robot.
A person dressed in a blue shirt and jeans looks past the trees to the horizon.
Gray and black dogs running away down forest path
A woman and a young man are setting at a table in a Mexican restaurant.
A rock climber ascends.
A lady in a black dress is talking to a group of people.
Two men are sitting working on their computers.
A man pouring a wheelbarrow of cement on a sidewalk.
A dog runs along the short at a beach.
A young gentlemen with a blue tie talking into a microphone.
Several younger people walking down a street in heavy clothing.
Women of different ethnicities stand in a room, holding red and yellow darts.
Two dogs shaking off water droplets on a beach.
The male rock climber takes a look over his shoulder at the view of the lake and city.
A man rock climbing pauses to calculate his route.
A bride and groom are feeding each other wedding cake.
Five workers sitting in front of trucks eating lunch
A young male child with curly brown hair, hiding behind a cardboard box in a vegetable vendor's market.
A woman is laying in the grass eating something outside the leaning tower of pizza.
A man and a woman are gambling at a casino and are enjoying themselves.
Bearded man playing an acoustic guitar
A baby manages to pull himself to his feet with the help of a couch.
A man works on a piece of wood on a spinner.
A man wearing safety gear operates a machine with tents on the background.
A woman, dressed in a yellow blouse and black panties, is playing beach volleyball.
A girl smiles as she runs across the white sandy beach in her swimsuit.
A man in a black shirt jumping with a coffee cup full of a beverage.
A male conducting a KitchenAid class dressed in a black chef's jacket.
A man is making a toast with his drink.
The man in a dark blue shirt is squeezing a bottle filled with a gold-colored substance.
People at an affair outside under a tent.
A group of ladies with computers sit behind a table while people on the other side purchase something.
A man in a white chef's jacket presenting tomatoes.
A chef is talking to another person in a KitchenAid showroom.
Many people are gathered under a tent, getting food.
A baby stands on the side of a couch and knocks over a lamp.
Mother and father watching their baby pet an animal.
A man works on a very large, intricate sand sculpture on a beach.
Three people are sleeping in a mass-transit vehicle.
A man in jacket, hat, and hood, facing away from the camera holds his hands up and together.
A man and a woman wearing shorts are standing in an alley.
A boy swings a baseball bat, and a catcher stands behind him.
Two little league players are next to a base in the field.
A young man with blond-hair works with multicolored wires while sitting on a stoop.
A woman in a black jacket is leaning against a lamp post.
A dark-haired woman in a black shirt is looking at a silver machine.
Two women and a baby in a stroller in front of a store.
A man in a striped shirt plays the drums.
A person looking out and standing on top of a rock.
A child jumps on a sand dune.
Two girls sitting by the water.
A young boy is standing in a classroom trying to make a craft project, but having difficulties, while his classmates watch him.
Two dancers on stage in a club.
A gentleman laughs in his car while driving on the countryside.
Three boys busting bricks into very small pieces.
A man in a colorful shirt and a lady in a white blouse sign copies of books for people.
Three chefs preparing meals within the kitchen.
Five chefs are standing behind a table full of cupcakes.
Men and Women and Michigan Wine and Food tasting
A boy plays with outstretched arms on the sidewalk next to a cobblestone street.
A man in red swim trunks playing volleyball.
An older lady in a black shirt is adding ingredients to a KitchenAid mixing bowl as a crowd looks on.
People sit at bars with a lot of wineglasses.
A sports team made up of 14 Women waring white t-shirt and pink tags.
A chef preparing hamburgers outside, on a grill for patrons walking by.
A young boy in a Tigger shirt stands on top of someone lying in a bed.
Two men are working on the rooftop of a building.
People are in a ride that drops you from a great height.
Man in black on microphone, in band.
A man and woman are walking in an apple orchard while swinging a little boy between them.
The young man is holding a drink and checking his cellphone.
Two little boys are sitting in a metal shaped box while wearing bike helmets.
A group of people that appear to be having a good time.
A woman in an red tracksuit squeezing lemons in a press.
Girl and boy serving food on plate
Two children with brown hair in a trunk of a car.
A little baby holds the head of his older brother
A man wearing a white shirt and gloves is holding a checkered box.
Street scene in Asia with pedestrians and parked bicycles.
A wet dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A woman is grabbing a guy's foot and putting it behind his head.
A woman, in nun attire, is being frisked by a female security guard, while another woman looks on.
The man in the dark suit is doing a talk radio show.
A fisherman is reeling his rod while another relaxes in a boat on water.
People are gathered outside for a protest, and one woman in the front is smiling at the camera.
The person is wearing a black and red outfit and is practicing combat.
A child in a ninja outfit does a jumping kick.
A young girl moves some suitcases that are near an open window.
People are sitting and lying on steps.
A man in a white shirt playing a black and white guitar.
A man beside a clown with other people in the background.
An older lady blowing out a 9 and a 0 number candles on a birthday cake.
Handyman works on outer wall of city building.
A man in a yellow jacket takes a picture while leaning against a car while another man works on the car on the opposite side.
Two people are eating a meal together.
A man in a field wearing a backpack and there are sheep and mountains behind him.
Three firemen are conversing next to a firetruck.
A city market on a street sits in the foreground, with city buildings lay in the background.
Some people are on a patio and there is a fire.
A man sits on a field near a backpack.
Construction workers working on a large building.
Two smiling little blond girls in pink pants swing from a metal bar.
Little boy walking with stick on tracks
Two big German Shepherd dogs play in the water.
The dog is jumping in the air to catch a ball.
A little girl dressed in yellow is holding onto two red handles.
A blond-hair lady sitting with a kid.
A kid in blue jeans and black socks sleeps under a pink blanket with a swirl design.
A man in a white shirt is brushing a goat.
A girl with her eyes closed is touching a boy's cheeks.
A man in a white shirt balances on water-filled tanks containing crabs and fish.
A group of people sit watching an event behind a Tim hortons sign.
A man stands and reads something by a railing overlooking a town.
A young boy with flower on his face mixes dough in a striped shirt, overalls and an apron.
A young boy holds onto a blue handle on a pier.
A man is speaking into a microphone, while another man ponders the situation at hand.
A man is sleeping outside on cardboard next to a water bottle.
A little girl dressed in a white dress is preparing to lay the floral petals down for a wedding.
A skater rides his board on a ramp.
A man in shorts standing on a chair making a hut.
Two hikers wearing dark clothes rest on a snow covered peak.
A man with stretched earlobes wearing a black hat stands in front of a display of food for sale.
A man fishing off a pier at sunset.
A man is climbing on top of some metal poles attached to each other.
Small kid sitting inside a tractor claw playing in dirt.
A white dog with a stick in his mouth standing next to a black dog.
The couple is kissing, while standing facing.
A man with a red hat and a pen behind his ear looks like he is about to say something.
A young lady wearing yellow is feeding a small child at the table.
A man wearing a yellow safety vest and hard hat is driving a tractor.
Man stands outside against wall with tennis racket in dark.
Two female beach volleyball players, facing each other, prepare to strike the ball.
A man holds a fish in both hands.
A man wearing glasses looking at a round mirrored object hanging from above.
Five spectators are watching two cars racing at a racetrack.
Several people sit in on blankets in a park with blooming pink cherry blossoms.
Man on stage playing his guitar.
A hiker is walking a treeless path up a hill.
People are standing near a food vendor in a park.
A man wearing a baseball mitt is in a field leaning to his side.
A sous-chef chopping a cucumber for a salad.
It looks like to me, they are figuring out Names, for what's in the bottles.
There are many different colored balls.
The dog is wading through shallow water while holding something in its mouth.
Man in yellow pants performing for a crowd.
One young man in yellow pants is dancing while a crowd of people watch him.
Person with a backpack in a field
A small group of people are sitting on the bank of a large body of water in the grass.
A man staring into the camera as he cuts lemons.
A group of young people are standing and sitting around a table eating and drinking with one another.
An Asian woman eating with a spoon.
A man in an orange shirt is jumping while playing a large drum.
A woman with glasses drinking from a shot glass
At a street festival, a boy and a man cook some sort of "Texas Smoked" meat while pedestrians pass by.
An older man and younger man are shaking hands on a basketball court.
A white man with carrying hair and a beard with a child on his shoulders.
A man is falling from the ceiling on top of a bed.
A small child is holding a mop next to a washer and dryer.
A hiker relaxing on a clay hillside.
Three guys are barbecuing on a grill on a porch with a white fence.
Blond woman lounging on a couch pursing her lips.
Man on motorcycle riding in dry field wearing a helmet and backpack
A person is dirt biking over rocks and water.
Two young children playing with big wheels in an urban area.
A lady in the water is slamming a sack into a rock.
A taxi cab with a mama mia ad on top of it
The white dog with black spots is catching a red Frisbee.
A person hangs from a rocky cliff as they try to climb.
A person climbing a large moss-covered rock
A person is standing at the top of a rocky cliff overlooking land.
A man is climbing a rope up a cliff.
A man rock climbing in the forest surrounded by light.
A happy couple enjoying their open air wedding.
A young boy is hitting a ball off of a tee.
A man in a yellow shirt looking down at the ground.
A man is jumping in the air in front of a coastal scene with water and mountains in the background.
Two dogs in the water fighting over a stick.
A tri-colored dog jumps and catches a pink frisbeen that a man in shorts has thrown.
A group of guys gathered and drinking at a bar.
Construction worker in the middle of doing his job working on a house.
A man is setting up a ladder inside a room.
Group of people watching a fountain in a city skyline with palm trees.
Young children, all reaching around an unseen object.
A little girl trying to be like spiderman clime up the corner of the wall.
Young girl sliding down an inflated slide
A man and his wife walking hand in hand down the street.
Two young boys run by the edge of the water.
A dog tags a nap on a rug near his favorite toy, a plush centipede.
Chevrolet car on display at a convention
A gray dog is climbing up a low tree branch in a park.
Two girls play on a fenced in field.
A young brown puppy pulls a leafy branch in his teeth in a backyard.
A man enjoying his craft of woodworking.
A woman is showing off a fresh baked pie by holding it over her head.
A woman wearing high heels and a hat.
A woman swings on a rope overlooking a red farmhouse and gated pastures and tall trees.
A young boy with glasses is kayaking in calm waters near a large tree.
A Jack Russell Terrier is measured for distance jumping as he tries to catch a Frisbee.
A woman in a blue shirt making pottery.
Two young boys running on a grassy field
Two dogs play in a grassy field.
A girl takes a picture with her hand over the camera lens.
A man is spraying a design into sand
Two people in outdated clothing posing in front of a fast food counter.
Two laughing women sit at a table with drinks.
Two workers are on a cherry-picker, one leaning out with a safety harness and the other smiling at the camera.
Man in hat and coat reading newspaper near garbage cans and graffiti.
People pass each other on a busy city street while talking on their cellphones.
A girl with pigtails is smiling.
A boy sits in a toy car while drinking from his sippy cup.
A technician bent over fixing a machine.
A man in an orange shirt standing next to a machine
A man in formal wear plays the guitar and sings.
A man cooking with fire in like 5 pots at the same time!
Two boys make silly poses next to a sign.
Newly wedded man and woman jump for joy on the Great Wall of China.
There is an Asian woman standing near baskets full of orange fruits.
Two women are laying upside down on a white bed.
A man drives a blue forklift through a crowd.
A man in a white t-shirt performing tricks with a yo-yo.
A young man is looking inside the mouth of a lizard like figure.
Two men sit next to each other on the water in a boat.
Two baseball players standing at the pitchers mound whispering to one another.
A big black dog chases a big brown dog with a green object in his mouth while another big brown dog tags behind.
Four girls pose in front of a crowd.
A old man in a green shirt sits on the curb holding a camera.
This lady in the print dress is stripping food for dinner.
A little boy does a cartwheel on the beach.
A man with goatee rides an escalator.
A child in a blue cap is near an unpainted wooden fence.
A white man going for a walk.
An egret stands on a rock at the edge of a river.
Man paddling in blue kayak in the water.
The shoeshine man, who shines shoes for a living, is shinning the black leather shoes of a man in nice dress pants.
A man excavating bones and tools from an archaeological site.
A group of men are standing around and drinking water with their bikes.
An African boy drives his team of oxen down a dirt road.
A man plays his guitar in a park while people sit on benches.
The fat, old man falls asleep in the chair.
A man in white t-shirt is holding umbrella and ice cream cart.
A man wearing jeans and a gray shirt standing behind a spray painted brick wall.
A girl in a striped shirt holds a bun to her mouth.
Five people playing string instruments in public.
A person in a brown shirt is pushing a baby in a stroller by the sea.
Two people in heaving clothing preparing food on a mountain.
Three men in fishing caps are standing on rocks.
The barefoot woman in sunglasses sits in the tree.
A group of people walk on a pathway near the lakeside.
A man in gray holds his dog's leash while his son sits on his shoulders.
A man is sitting in room made up of wood panelling.
Four teens in school uniforms walk down a tropical road.
A young girl with her face painted stands next to some other children.
Two women ride their three wheelers.
The black dog and the white dog seem to be getting ready to fight.
A guitarist plays while people play with hula-hoops in the background.
A young boy wearing a red scarf around his head with the word free written in red on one cheek.
A lady in a blue dress singing.
A singer and her band are performing on stage in a club.
A man playing a guitar with his band
A man a woman and a child sitting on a couch smiling
A young girl suspended by rope next to a mesh.
The girl in blue jeans and white shirt is balancing on one leg.
A boy on a playground swing strikes a medatative pose.
A man wearing a green number twenty five jersey is kicking a white soccer ball on a field.
A man touches the side of his face.
A little boy stands up next to a window and cries.
A man is cleaning his boat in the driveway.
A man in a green shirt and tan cap leans against a railing in someone's kitchen.
A woman smoking a cigarette leaning over talking with someone.
A black man sits intently at his sewing machine surrounded by brightly colored fabrics hung on the outside window of a stucco building.
A man sitting outdoors ironing fabric while three people observe
Two young girls are sitting in the living room playing video games and drinking canned soft drinks.
A little boy attempts to fix his bike.
The black dog emerges from the water having collected an object in his teeth.
A man with a red helmet kayaking.
Man in a kayak swimming in rough waters.
A person in a safety vest pushing a truck.
Three men in orange vests are pulling a jeep out of a ravine while another man sits inside.
Two men wearing white cowboy hats.
A brown dog runs through the grass holding something in its mouth.
Few ladies are walking barefooted on the beach.
A man wearing a life jacket uses a map while on a small boat.
Two young girls wearing pink playing on a playground
A man in white shirt play guitar to a woman in a white shirt.
A Baseball batter raising his arm.
Women carrying items on their heads walk down a dirt path with greenery on each side.
Two girls on a jungle gym.
The man is wearing safety gear while he is training the black dog.
A man wearing colorful clothing and white sunglasses is playing a large drum with his hands.
A young boy in a pool playing with a green water gun
Brown dog laying on gravel with grass and trees in background.
A portly man in an orange jumpsuit standing next to a woman in gray on the highway with a motorcycle laying on its side in the middle of the highway.
A man driving a tractor pulls along two young children for a ride.
Two people walk outside in a nature area.
A man and his dog in the mountains.
Two boys are getting into a van and a younger boy is in a car seat.
A group of kids playing with tires.
A woman sitting on the subway is holding a white box while closing her eyes.
Two dogs playing with each other
A black dog running into the water.
A small dog and a large dog with a rope in its mouth.
A man in a suit walks by a building while the hood of a car reflects a warped view of that building.
Person with two ski poles skiing down a snowy hill.
Seven people are riding a green raft in a white water river.
Many people are walking through a park with a lot of trees.
Woman in a white top and green pants handling green vegetables.
A man is walking across the street.
A large women with short hair sleeping in a chair in public.
People are walking around in a nighttime environment.
A man is cutting up food to put in bowls of food at a food court.
Four skiers climbing snow drapped mountain.
A young girl with blond-hair and glasses sitting at a table in a restaurant.
A person white-water rafting in turbulent water.
A young man in shorts is looking into a stream next to a rock wall.
A boy on a green plastic swing.
A man in a blue shirt is about to cross the street while a police car is driving by.
The little boy is playing by tires.
A woman eating some food while sitting on a tiny stool next to a propane barbecue.
Woman in blue shorts walking barefoot on the beach
Two men in teal scrubs stand in front of a cafe with an open sign.
A person in a kilt walks along an overpass.
A boy and a toddler boy stand by a water fountain.
A group of people are walking to the beach.
A surfboarder emerging from the ocean with his board, as the waves crash ashore behind him.
Five young people prepare food in a kitchen while watching the television.
A lone rock climber in a harness climbing a huge rock wall.
Closeup of man's legs on a bicycle peddal.
Five men are washing windows of alpine style buildings on five ladders.
People climb an odd barred structure.
Brown and white dog running through fall leaves on the ground.
A boy skateboards and does a jump over another skateboard.
A muddy child jumps into more mud on the ground.
A woman in a green jacket is pushing the button to cross the street.
An older couple is walking past a Jewelry store on a sunny day.
A narrow stream runs between leaf-covered hills.
A man in a scuba suit holds a box.
A girl at the beach just getting out of the ocean.
A young man holding a beer bottle and a cigarette splashes fluid on charcoal in a grill.
A girls laying down at the grass
Scuba diver under the water holding small crustacean in his hands.
A little girl running down a brighly lit hallway.
Young Asian girls rest along a river's edge.
Three people are posing in front of a large white building.
Young students are playing musical instruments in an orchestra.
Two men are underground and appear to be mining.
A dark-skinned man in a straw hat playing guitar and a man in sunglasses listening and smiling.
Boys are climbing wooden poles in a dirty river.
An elderly African-American man in a yellow shirt is standing in front of an information stand.
Three elderly women walking from behind.
A blindfolded man aims for a pinata while people watch from the deck behind him.
Man in orange shirt squatting and working on black bicycle.
A woman in a black dress stands next to a pink bicycle.
Man in white cleans the floor.
A woman paints a picture of a large building which can be seen in the background.
Children are reading and writing.
A man with a backpack and a walking stick explores a mountainous terrain.
Men work in a construction site.
A group of women, who look unhappy, are sitting in a kitchen talking.
Two people are sitting on a rock overlooking the river.
A man is sitting on the grass holding a baby in front of him.
A man saws through a piece of wood to repair a fence.
Band playing in front of a small crowd outside.
A small boy playing with a wheel.
Two young black men in blue jeans sit in front of a hammock.
A group of people are walking down a rural street.
Two Asian women are completing tasks and there is a beautiful background of bamboo.
Three large dogs running quickly next to a house.
A group of women walk down the street all carrying open umbrellas to protect them from the rain coming down from the sky.
Woman making sushi on a kitchen counter.
The brown dog is walking through a river surrounded by bushes.
A young African girl in a white chair is doing another girl's hair.
An African American child in a red flannel shirt is sleeping on a woven rope hammock.
A little boy slides down a red slide.
A woman in a green dress smoking a cigarette dances with a partner.
Two young men jumping over two big wood logs.
A man putting a little boy wearing orange into a child swing.
Two men fighting while playing frisbee.
A smiling woman in an orange skirt holds an open briefcase that displays a claw hammer.
Guy instructing people in back of train.
A man in a green shirt holds a rolling pin while smoking a cigarette in a cluttered kitchen.
A man operating a crane concentrates while inside of a protective booth.
Two people are in a long wooden boat in a body of water.
A young couple enjoying some snow cones on crowded street.
A young man flips up a welders' mask as a young girl looks on, a six-pack, barbecue, and chalk message in the background.
People are standing on a train platform waiting for the train.
A sleeping baby in a bib laying on a blanket.
A man in black, on a city sidewalk, plays the accordion.
A man is sitting at a table eating and drinking.
Two scuba divers are interacting with a dolphin underwater.
Three women outside all dress the same and talking to one another.
Black women make cloths in their home.
A man with medium length hair, wearing a red beanie and blue shorts with no shirt, on one knee at the beach, sculpting a sand castle with a trough.
Blond boy eating a sandwich on a white chair.
A bunch of cowboys are awaiting their challenge of catching a live animal.
A group of people in white stand with white goats.
A man and a woman share a kiss on the beach.
Woman cleans windows in front of store.
Street dancing on plastic while a large group of youth stand about and watch.
A quarterback is about to throw a pass from the end zone in a football game.
A little girl hugs her brother on a footbridge in a forest.
A girl walks downhill past some parked cars.
A boy tries to put a screen on a window.
A young black man with two guns pointed at his head.
A quarterback, in the statue of liberty position, is being held onto by an opposing player from behind.
The dog is chasing the goat around the yard.
Man in straight jacket trying to get loose, standing in front of child with Jenga blocks.
The little boy is in the swimming pool with an adult woman.
A sparsely-populated arcade with many brightly lit games and a few people sprinkled around.
A man wearing camouflage steers a motorcycle across some stones.
Four young men enjoy a dip in the local lake.
A family is sitting in a park on the grass.
A pep band in red and white uniform is playing while seated in a stadium.
Woman with red curly hair taking pictures outside.
A woman riding a horse in a dirt arena, carrying an American flag.
A little girl is showing her brother affection.
Three young girls dressed in white dresses run towards a fountain.
A woman and a child walking by a vandalized building.
A young girl and a dog next to her are looking at something in a stream.
A little girl throwing rocks into a stream.
A very young blond girl wearing pink pants with white polka dots is sitting on a wooded trail in a forest.
The dog stands in the water next to the grass.
A man in a blue long-sleeved jacket crying out of fear.
A woman with shopping bags is walking by a subway.
A girl in a plaid dress is walking on a sidewalk next to a stone building.
A group in costume sings at a renaissance fair.
Two women are playing keyboards under a lit tent at night.
People on a concrete area taking pictures.
A little boy smiles and points while a man looks in the direction of the child's gaze.
The brown dog is about to bite a paw printed ball.
Two men in black shirts each standing on one arm.
Pastry chefs are lined up sorting pastries.
A man dressed in red and white plays a banjo while others look on.
A group of smiling young women posing together.
A woman with dark hair holds a vegetable as she stands in front of a table full of vegetables.
A man and a woman are dancing in the street.
A man is holding a utensil and is getting ready to dig into a plate filled with food.
Two dogs wrestle in the ground.
Four men are rollerskating in a line, with the last three holding onto the hips of the man ahead of them.
A woman at a dark bar talking to people.
A young blond girl in pink shirt and pigtails is sitting atop a man's shoulders in a crowd.
Man hangs up picture of tree as woman looks on.
Two children are playing and a man in a black pant is walking near children.
A lean dog runs through green grass.
Three middle eastern men in business attire sit around a table.
A girl in pink twirls a ribbon.
A blond woman offers a platter of food to another blond woman while sitting at a white table.
Man looking into the camera playing a guitar
An old man in army fatigues addresses a line of children standing at attention.
A girl jumps in the grass.
A man in a green shirt laughs next to a woman in a yellow sweater, holding a pink balloon and wearing a pink tiara.
Three dogs run into the water.
Two young girls run across a field as they fly a kite in the cloud-covered sky.
A worker making sure his machine is working correctly.
A man wearing a green jacket welding a large piece of metal.
A welder in a mask welding with sparks flying.
A little boy with black curly hair sitting in a blue chair that is on the sidewalk.
Graying white man with glasses, uses blacksmith tools.
A young boy in a red shirt points at something.
A group of 4 people are working with a lot of paper.
A young man is in a stream with his dirt bike.
Four men looking at a large sign.
Three men on a scaffold erected outside a building.
A muddy golden dog running in grass
Two children run in the sand, along the shore.
A dog is running with a yellow tennis ball and wearing a red harness.
A man wearing only underwear and tennis shoes walking down the street.
A black dog is running through the water.
A small dog leaps in the water.
Three young boys are jumping and playing in the hay.
A man is holding metal rims one with each hand while talking to two people.
A young man with brown eyes is dressed up like Jack Sparrow.
A man wearing a tank top holding up a sign that introduces Mark Finley.
A young boy sliding on the grass in an innertube
A brown bird is sitting on a tree branch.
A man in a yellow shirt wearing multicolored plastic jewelry.
A man in a robe is riding a donkey down a street.
A man is holding a book standing in front of a chalkboard.
A young girl and an older gentleman hold hands as he points to something off frame.
The men are talking to the person in the police van.
An artist hard at work to draw a comical portrait.
An old couple is walking up a sand mound.
One person helping another person up to the top of a mound of sand underneath a cloudy sky.
Two vehicles are parked outside a small grocery store.
Variety is the spice of life no matter what the culture may be.
A bus being worked on by a mechanic.
A worker standing on a high scaffold.
Men do roadwork to a backdrop of brown hills.
A man in a blue canoe paddling in the ocean.
Some people are standing alone on the beach in their swimsuits.
A man in a black shirt and red shorts is sitting on the shore of a lake.
A teacher showing her students something on a projector screen.
A woman and young girl hang clothes on the line.
Two hikers rest on a snow-covered mountain.
A very large group of people stand outdoors under the beautiful clouds.
Person reading out of a book to a roomful of people.
A man sits on a bridge by a river, playing the accordion.
Some construction workers are on a platform doing work to a building.
A mailman in his truck whom is in front of a gate.
A child asleep in a car with the window open
A young girl with curly hair with a white shirt with a skull and bones picture on it.
A young girls makes a silly face for the camera.
A man wearing an orange safety vest and a hard hat is operating construction equipment.
Boy wearing a red jacket performs a handstand on the grass.
A toddler runs toward the camera at a park.
A dog and a dust storm.
An older woman with a kerchief and a cane stands in a slushy cobblestone street.
A man with a smile sitting on the floor fixing his bicycle.
A group of people are standing and conversing inside of a building.
A man is standing on red scaffolding.
A man with work gloves and tool belt climbs the scaffolding next to an old yellow and white building.
Two children are looking at something exciting that an adult is showing them.
Two men trying to scrape the cement from the floor to level it.
A band playing on a street as onlookers watch
A skateboarder wearing black jeans, white t-shirt and red ball cap coming off the lip of a ramp and suspended in the air.
Four people in front of wells fargo.
Two people hold their hands together over a third, in front of a lighted stage.
A child, wearing green, is bouncing on the trampoline.
A group of college students gathering in the community center.
A family is hiking across a rocky landscape.
A group of fans at a stadium are wearing red and cheering.
A woman enjoying her reading at a coffee shop
One African American man is looking through a microscope and there is a poster that says blood cells hanging on the wall.
Three people are playing in snow covered city streets.
Two boys are kicking a ball to each other in the park.
Men dressed in drag outside a store.
A boy lays down with an orange ball in front of a row of blue cars.
A female child with a towel next to a sink.
A woman brushes dust and dirt off a possible find.
A dog is running in a field.
Toddler siting in a swing at the park with a yellow sippy cup.
A couple talks to a man sitting with a hammer dulcimer.
Two para gliders are practicing their craft in an open field.
A child wearing a cowboy hat running toward another child.
A young boy tries picking up a pumpkin by its stem in a pumpkin patch.
People in Asian garb are walking in a parade.
A skinny brown dog walks across a large piece of fallen tree.
A man working on a window of the old building.
A man is looking into the mirror and shaving while a woman is taking a picture of him.
A boy is oddly attentive to shoes.
A man wearing a blue shirt, a blue hat, and an apron is standing outside the Candy Cafe on a sunny day.
A girl is sitting on the beach and staring at the ocean.
The brown and white dog nips at the yellow dog.
Girl with sunglasses and shoppers in a trinket shop.
A man with a strange helmet is sitting on top of a blue motorcycle.
A small child sleeps while holding a stuffed animal.
An older man sitting against a call with a guitar in his hands.
There are three people wearing robes, two of whom are playing wind instruments.
A man is playing a violin outside on a sidewalk.
A man, in a black sweater, fishing.
A man repairing a bicycle tire while his customer asks him questions.
A crowd is standing in the street.
Parents teaching a young child how to ice skate.
A young boy is jumping down an inflatable water ride.
A young boy standing on a swing in front of a blue slide.
Daredevils enjoy mountain boarding down the ravine.
Two older men, in a white room, play with a marble sculpture.
A little girl in a swing laughs.
A band, comprised of two men and a woman play for a group of people.
Two men with shaved heads, both wearing white shirts are practicing underwater diving.
Two competitors, one of which is in the US Air Force, wrestling.
A few baby's in strollers wondering lots of things.
Two men handle a gray dog with a blue knotted rope in its mouth.
Man kicking football off tee in t-shirt and shorts
A man with a canoe is on the beach with a tent set up.
A shirtless man making a meal while camping on the beach.
Some people are jogging on an outdoor track in the dark.
A little girl is playing in the hay.
A man has fallen asleep while reading The Da Vinci Code.
A man wearing blue pants is bending over to pick up something from the ground
A man wearing an Alaska sweatshirt and a baseball cap is buying lottery tickets.
Two men are building something together.
A girl plays with a necklace as the sun shines behind her.
A little white dog begs.
A little girl sitting on the floor holding a guitar handles.
A man in glasses is grilling wieners and meat patties on a grill.
A boy in a red hat is taking pictures with his camera.
A small child taking a picture with a camera on a tripod.
A woman in a white shirt and pink pants is standing behind a table laid out with cake, strawberries and punch.
A woman opening a gift around her friends.
Two gray dogs and a black dog playing in a pond under an overpass.
There is a woman sitting at a table by the kitchen.
Three people on a train holding playing cards, smiling.
Two dogs and a puppy.
A man is spraying a fluid from a long hose at the beach.
Multiple people do a synchronized dance involving jumping.
A small boy is placing items from a cart onto the check out.
A man dressed in a shiny astronaut suit poses for a photographer on a city sidewalk.
A young man in a blue shirt has his arm around a young woman in a red jacket.
A girls climbs on a jungle gym.
Asian children dressed in red and yellow, and wearing black knee pads, rollerskate outdoors over vast, shiny tile.
Three boys play tag on the beach.
A girl with arms raised in sliding down a red and white slide.
Three swimmers are swimming or racing in separate lanes.
A large group of people in red soldier jackets are standing in lines outside.
A boy jumps from the top of a blue plastic slide.
A man in checkered pants black jacket and a checkered hat is holding a waiters tray.
A rock climber in a red helmet looks down the cliff.
A guy in a hard hat working on some machines.
A guy pointing at a giant Blackberry.
A group of woman walking with purses on their shoulders.
A man and a woman are outside a car that is filled with items.
A young boy and girl playing baseball in a grassy field.
A large crowd plays in and around a fountain.
The picture is of a downtown area with people crossing the street, and walking on the sidewalk.
A woman in sweatpants is standing by the toilets.
A woman and her daughter measuring themselves against a giant ruler at "Washington Farms".
Several men, all wearing red, tugging on a rope.
A group of people sitting on concrete steps at a neighborhood basketball court.
A blond girl opening a green wrapped package.
Man in a top hat, playing his accordion on the sidewalk by a street
A woman performing by singing a song.
A bald man wearing a blue shirt eating ribs at a table outside.
Man standing on edge of large rock overlooking scenic view.
A man is reading off a sheet of paper to a crowd while another man in white stands beside him.
Boy in bubble bath, yelling or singing into scrubbing brush.
A group of young people are sitting outside listening a guitar and violin being played.
A young boy crawls with a toddler.
A man is wearing an apron, standing in the kitchen holding a plate.
A boy holds a red bucket up to a pony.
Preteen girl with blond-hair plays with bubbles near a vendor stall in a mall courtyard.
A guy in a suit playing bagpipes next to a girl wearing teal clothing.
A dog tries to catch a snowball in its mouth.
You have to answer this to your boss.
A person setting up a tent beside a few other tents on the snowy ground.
A couple holding hands stop to look at something.
A young boy plays on a playground piece shaped like a seahorse.
A young boy is swimming in a pool.
A boy with no shirt and a volleyball in his hand.
A group of school children walk up a country path in autumn.
A blond female child spreads Nesquik powder onto a table.
A man in cowboy boots, briefs and holding a guitar, holds a woman's arm.
A young Asian man studying with a pencil and a dictionary while drinking a cola.
Few people hitch a ride on the back of a garbage truck.
A man is a green shirt stirs a bowl of mix near a stove with two frying pans.
Several young women walking along a beautiful hallway
Two Asian women and a young Asian girl with a tricycle are standing outside in the shade.
A little boy trying to climb up.
A young boy in a blue jacket pulls something black out of a fabric bag.
A boy is fixing the wheel of his bike.
A man wearing a blue shirt and red hat riding on the back of a cart filled with hay and pulled by a white horse.
Five men at a restaurant posing for a picture.
Two women in white dresses walk past an advertisement with two golfers on it.
A woman walks by a river across city buildings.
A player on the white and blue team kicks a soccer ball toward his teammate while players on the red team watch.
One dog is jumping at the lady while the other walks away.
A dog is resting in a grassy field
Guy rides a large brown bull.
An Asian women in a yellow shirt looking at postcards while at the register.
A brown dog playing in mud.
Lots of people playing a water shooter carnival game.
Two people are wearing helmets that have candles on top.
A girl with black hair and braces is wearing sunglasses and posing with a wooden robot.
A woman sitting in a laundromat looking at the camera.
A person with a variety of different wares standing amongst several others on a dirt road.
A man walking with a tub of something on his head.
Several people walk up and down a set of stairs in an alleyway with graffiti painted on the walls
A crowd is enjoying themselves at the beach.
A man in a baseball cap is playing a shooting game in an arcade with a friend.
A group of people is doing a project for a volunteer organization.
Two football players become entangled while they are both going for the ball.
A young man skateboarding in front of the ocean.
A lady wearing a black shirt talking on her cellphone while walking down a road.
A black woman is walking towards a woman wearing a yellow hat.
The musician in the brown coat is walking in his tennis shoes.
A woman wearing antiquated clothing including many pearls.
A couple sit on the hood of a car with their backs to the camera.
A car is partially submerged in a lake.
Three women wearing black is next to each other on a train.
A man sits on a sailboat with the sun setting behind him.
A toddler boy examines a pair of blue jeans, with an adult in the background.
The scene of an accident where a bus hit a biker.
A little girl in a red dress is standing on a trail in the forest with a horse in the background.
People in costume standing around a tree in a forest.
A young girl runs on a beach behind a young woman sitting and play her guitar.
A woman handing a small child wearing a red shirt an item from a shopping basket.
A construction worker holds up a stop sign to flag down traffic.
A man is working in a shop with donuts.
A man's hands holding a piece of metal on a grinding wheel.
Blond woman smoking a cigarette by her shopping bags.
Two men with tool belts are fastening a sign to a building.
Two people pose for the camera.
Group of people seated at red chair and tables.
A group of people protesting by selling humans.
Two men are pushing a truck that has a picture of a woman on it.
A man stands upon his charcoal grill.
A man in a hat with a green scooter is standing by the water in a park.
A motorcycle driver swerves to the left.
A woman is leaning on the chair and playing the electric guitar.
One man sings while another plays guitar during a stage show.
A man holds a guitar on a busy street while people look on.
Woman sings at a club under bright lights
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants walks down a road.
Two street artists are performing on steps for a group of spectators.
A choir is standing up on a podium singing a song.
People are signing in a church.
A mid sized mixed gender choir sings while the director motions to keep beat.
A spotted dog jumps over a muddy creek.
A worker wearing a bright vest and black clothes is picking up trash on the ground while people cross the street behind him.
A girl on a beach with rainbow flags.
A man in a swimming pool holds a smiling boy in a flotation device.
This is baby, dressed in blue, standing barefoot on a stone.
A kid with Green shoes, red shorts, and a blue hat and shirt stands on a stretch of pavement.
A brown dog trotting across a grassy, fenced-in yard.
A little girl sits on top of a pumpkin in front of an arrangement of vivid flowers outside.
Four soldiers are walking, and talking to each other while holding weapons.
Two men in hiking boots strike martial arts poses.
A woman and a man enjoying his drink on party night.
An older man with a "slow" sign smiles at the camera.
A dog about to jump to catch a Frisbee
A brown dog is leaping into the air to catch a ball.
Girl headbutting a soccer ball during a game.
Two men share a conversation in the middle of a park, behind a short fence.
Two men in black shirts are conversing around a video camera.
Two men work together to interview a seated man in a large theater.
People are holding signs and marching.
A woman on stage holding a microphone standing by a man.
Two Asian males smile while celebrating a birthday with a layered chocolate cake with a sparkling candle.
A man in a green hat is bent over his DJ equipment plugging in a microphone
A man is holding a standing woman's foot with both his hands.
Three women in gypsy skirts stand around the Parking area for the Notre Dame in France.
A woman laughing in a bar.
A small street with a few people walking down it.
Two children by a tree near some water.
A girl in pink stands in front of a Mud coffee truck.
This is the image of two Asian men squatting near a mop-pad.
Pedestrians and cars make their way through Times Square in New York.
A man is helping a small child get on a train.
Three seated people eating and drinking near trees, with three people standing in the background.
A man standing before a gate inside a hill.
A man and a woman having drinks and fun in a local nightclub in the city of Angeles.
Three children are sitting around a table reading books.
A boy is standing next to a car in front of a clothesline.
People sit in an auditorium with programs.
Two women bent down working in the field with trees in the background.
Very many skiers are gathered at a ski location.
People are walking through a snow covered field with a mountain the background.
An adult helps a young child fix her goggles.
A woman with a white visor and blue top and white pants eating while standing in a crowd.
Young boy in baseball uniform kneeling to catch a ball on a baseball field.
A man with long hair and a blue shirt is sitting outside with his guitar case open, laughing as a young girl sits and watches.
A woman is carrying a basket on her head away from the water.
A dog sniffs a newly cut tree trunk.
Two dogs play in the grass.
Ethnic people visiting picking fresh food to buy.
A woman is running on the beach.
Three women, dressed for a formal occasion, take a moment to smile.
A dog jumping through a black and white hoop.
A man selling colorfully patterned rugs enjoys a drink from a coffee cup on a sunny day.
Man with long dark hair and mustache walks down the street in shorts and cowboy hat.
A motorcycle driver dressed in orange gear swerves to the right.
A man carries a sign while standing in the rain.
A man is scalling a sheer rock face with a rope support.
Four campers enjoy an evening around a wood fire.
A motorcyclist with a red helmet rides his blue motorcycle down the road.
Three men walk outside of a white building.
Two oriental lizards are fighting for dominance in a small pond
Man uses inflatable toy to play a lawn game.
A group of race buggies travel down a racetrack.
A person with tattoos on their arm wearing a motorcycle helmet.
A family and friends sit to eat at a table filled with many bowls of great food.
A collie runs down a slide.
A man wearing a brown jacket stands among a group of men in front of a large machine.
Crowd of people climbing stairs to a platform.
Two men in a bar making funny faces while holding a drink with their right hand.
A bald man in a white shirt drinks a glass of beer.
The man in a blue shirt, wearing a helmet, is readying to climb.
A man drilling a hole into a pumpkin.
A man is videotaping another man who is beginning to climb up a metal structure.
A man preparing to repel down a mountain.
A middle-aged woman attired in a red skirt, brown blouse engaged in making pottery.
A man stands near a Christian sign, as a public train passes behind him.
A dog jumps and catches a Frisbee in the grass.
Young adults have barbecue in the park.
A man with a white jacket is holding a black book.
A man fishing from the shore in the winter time.
A man and a woman are looking at the view on a stairway by the sea.
Baby wearing an orange shirt and matching headband with a wide smile.
A young white man with a short beard rocks out on his guitar.
A woman touching a man's face on a wall after they took a break from riding motorcycles.
An adult woman and a young male child walking along a pier, holding an umbrella, while it's raining.
A school boy, with a backpack on, jumping off a wall.
A smiling man in a white shirt is grilling on an open grill.
A white dog watching a black dog in the air.
A black dog jumps to catch a ball in his mouth near a rock wall.
A man reading a newspaper in a train.
A dog, lying down, tethered to the side mirror of a yellow VW bus.
Two men sitting on a bench between two trees overlooking an Autumn landscape.
The boy hits the blue and white soccer ball with his knee.
A man is intently observing a slide through a microscope.
A child is looking up at an adult while sitting in a stroller on a city sidewalk.
A toddler girl in a swing is laughing.
A group of seven people are eating at a table draped in a black tablecloth.
Two men are chopping down weeds in their yard.
A man in a red coat is driving a vehicle.
Woman and small black dog walking across pavement
A group of children running in the grass.
A man in purple, white, and yellow on stilts.
A man in a tattered shirt and pants, sitting on a chair and weaving something.
Man in flowery costume and hat performs with hula-hoop in city street.
A man wearing a green jacket and knit hat is sorting tomatoes at an outdoor market.
Two dogs are running through the surf.
A dog is running through high grass with a woman wearing red in the background.
A woman waiting on a sidewalk for something.
A man sits on the sidewalk in front of an Asian restaurant as people pass.
A group of people standing around two men sitting wearing turbans.
A goalie attempts to block a puck hit by a player at an ice hockey game.
An Asian woman rides a bicycle in front of two cars.
A woman seated at a table is knitting and watching a hockey game on tv.
A woman works a project with thread in hand.
One boy is trying to kiss another in a school lunch room.
The passengers on the bus are bored.
An elderly man wearing a hat and jacket is bicycling down a brick paved path while sunlight streams through autumn trees ahead.
A group of people working at a conference table, in an office.
Asian man in suit and glasses takes a nap by the doors in a subway.
A boy looks down and spreads his arms wide
A group of people wearing blue shirts, standing in the grass.
A bicyclist and a man in a suit are sitting near a fountain talking on cellphones.
A beautiful long-haired blond girl dressed in a blue and green bikini walking down a street
A street performer with a white face watches people walk by.
A line of people going through an arid region past a sign, the people are either walking or riding animals.
A married couple is sitting in a vehicle.
Several motorcycles are parked on one parking space.
A small girl slides down a spiral slide at the playground.
Two men working outside cleaning the street in their orange uniforms.
A policeman is shown working a block party.
A male is standing on a base pitching a ball.
Two young girls are riding red tricycles.
Beautiful woman dancing on a parade float holding a little boy.
A many dressed in army gear walks on the crash walking a brown dog.
A man in a military uniform stands next to what appears to be a military k-9 dog, with a loudspeaker in the foreground, and other military personnel and military vehicles in the background.
Man taking a picture in a crowd of people.
A man and a woman walk through the street during a parade.
A group of people competing in the Race for a Cure.
A large group of people are walking for a cause.
A fisherman works on his net while on shore.
A group of people are riding on a John Deere tractor in a field.
There is a group of small children some wearing backpacks sitting on a hill.
A group of people are riding on a train while looking out of a window.
A man and child posing in front of a train.
The little boy in the red shirt put his head out of the window of the train.
People walking on a sidewalk past a parked train.
Young children and adults walk around platform 9 next to the train.
Three women chat while sitting in a waiting area.
A woman in a pink jacket is walking past a display window with a red dress in an urban setting.
A person reading something is sitting under the tree.
2 men painting a wooden bench outside.
Two nurses sitting on a bench waiting for a bus.
A man is standing next to a red door.
An older workman is standing in wet cement with a trowel.
A man in a blue shirt is standing in a doorway.
A man holding a camera underwater.
A brown dog faces a black dog and a white dog in a field of long grass.
Three dogs are running through a grassy field.
Many people are standing on a bus with bright yellow overhead handles.
A little boy shakes the snow off of a tree.
A younger child wearing a red sweater showing us whats in his hand.
A man drilling a hole into a metal canister.
A dog walking along a cracked and ashen surface.
Seven people sitting around a black table playing a card game.
A man in a black shirt and glasses is slicing a tomato at a kitchen table.
Young boys bringing home some fruit.
Crouching Man in all white shirt and pants is working with a large loom.
A man picking up a big rock.
Two people in rafting gear standing on a dry, rocky riverbank, pointing at the river.
A boy is kicking a ball as other children watch him.
Four elderly women sit and speak on a park bench.
Man in white shirt and tan pants is putting new shingles on roof.
Construction workers in yellow and orange work on a city street.
A man pushes a four wheeled card down the street.
A man wearing a red life vest waves as he waterskiis.
Person in red ski jacket skiing backwards
A man wearing a red life jacket is water-skiing across a bay.
A child with and adult hand.
A girl stands next to a bike parked in front of a building while two men, one carrying a guitar, walk by.
Two young boys playing checkers in a room.
People at a dock receiving and shipping out merchandise near a nice big white boat.
A woman sits in rocks by the ocean.
A fisherman fishes at the bank of a foggy river.
A man plays his guitar on the beach.
In this distorted photo a man is shown on a dirt path with a jumping dog.
Young man peeling lemon with a knife into a red basket.
A black dog leaps out of the water.
Group of participants walk behind float in Asian parade.
Two people sitting, facing away, with dreadlocks.
A construction worker building walls with a drill.
A couple stands at the top of the stairs and two people stand at the bottom.
The music concert is just started at the Giant stadium
Traffic cop directing traffic in front of a car with ohio plates on it.
A blond man passionately sings into the microphone.
A person with a multicolored hat stands just behind a mosaic featuring Spanish words and in front of a grassy hill.
Two women float in a Busch Gardens barrel through a winding water ride.
A female biker dressed in red uses a communication device while another walks by.
Two men are waiting on the street corner though it is raining.
Two men in black coats stand by the side of a building.
A man in a red shirt plays an electric guitar.
A group of adults and children are at an amusement park watching over a railing.
A man pushes a child on a toy train set.
Bum listening to the radio by a light post near the beach.
A little girl gets in to a pool.
A boy and a middle-aged woman are walking out from a crowd outside.
A man and a boy are tasting fruit.
A man and a woman enjoy a nice meal at an outdoor restaurant.
A man in a yellow shirt is sawing some plywood.
A woman in a blue, tan and beige striped shirt is smoking.
A young man is standing in the kitchen holding a large casserole dish.
A man in a red shirt and a woman in a colorful shirt and sitting outside.
A lively adult karate practice at the dojo.
A young baby wearing green is playing with the vacuum hose on the floor.
A man and woman are washing dirty dishes inside a kitchen.
A white male entertainer on the street wearing a black shirt and blue hat with a yellow stripe.
A artist painting the wall covered in bamboo.
Man in black shirt hugging woman in white shirt, gray skirt.
A girl with a pink shirt is running through flowery grass.
A few tourists taking pictures of their dogs with the cloudy sky as the background.
A man playing guitar and singing outdoors.
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a dress having a conversation while drinking.
Two people are carrying a basket filled with food down the alleyway.
While seated on a chair, a man wearing a blue shirt, gray pants, multicolored bandanna, and no shoes is blowing through a long tube.
Construction workers fixing railroad track.
A construction worker does some grinding on a piece of iron.
Two woman playing around and smiling.
Workers in reflective clothing with shovels on a train track.
Two women walking by a store and looking in.
A mother stands in a kitchen holding a small baby.
A young boy is sitting on the grass.
Two men having a conversation about business over beers.
Two women with brown hair talk.
A woman wearing a babushka is sitting and sleeping inside a flower shop.
A group of people are working on a sand sculpture.
There is a group of people and a black dog in a living and dining room, some sleeping some eating.
Physically challenged person sitting on his wheelchair in a park.
A child sleeps on a couch with his mouth open and his hand draped across his chest.
Five adults are sitting on stone steps.
A young woman in a green blouse holding a plastic bag standing on the subway.
The store was open even though a man was working on the building.
A man at work is doing a small welding job with a soldering tool.
A brown and white dog trotting down the road in autumn.
A young person with a Mohawk and a nose piercing in a plaid shirt.
A man in a purple jacket has an expression on his face.
An elderly woman wearing a bathing suit is holding a picket sign while participating in a demonstration about immigration.
A bongo player wearing a red shirt playing in a band.
Two soccer team on a soccer field with the referee.
Three boys playing soccer.
Two boys are standing in the middle of the street, the one with black shorts is standing back clapping his hands together while the other on in gray is running forward.
A boy running on the sidewalk in front of a blue building.
A black and white dog plays in the water.
A child on a fake horse ride.
A man with a microphone reads from a piece of paper as he stands in front of two men holding tubas.
A crowd is watching a dog climb up a staircase.
An woman sits on a gray bench in front of a concrete wall with graffiti.
A man wearing a black shirt and jeans is bowling with a ball and 9 spray cans.
A woman in a dark blue T-shirt is weaving a striped piece of material.
An antelope runs through tall brown grass.
A lady wearing a ball cap learns to weave cloth from a lady instructor.
A street performer with a guitar.
Two men wearing black vests and white shirts and a girl are holding bottles of beer.
Two individuals intertwined along a cement walkway.
Two girls are walking along the street and talking.
Man in suit takes a nap in the park.
A small boy wearing blue balances as he walks on a large rock.
Two dogs playing on grass.
Three men are set up outside in front of a building, each playing an instrument.
Cheerleaders are on the field cheering.
Mexican women in decorative white dresses perform a dance as part of a parade.
Two men wearing coats and holding guns carrying a dead rabbit.
A man wearing a suit stands on the street with his right hand outstretched.
The man waves to his family from atop the bridge.
The picture is of a woman competing in a race doing the backstroke.
Three men enjoying a good laugh.
Two men in light colored shirts and dark pants sit on a balcony conversing as a lone car passes below.
A woman in a pink bikini next to a man in brown.
A female walking wearing a string bikini towards a man in a striped shirt.
Customers standing in line at a food court.
The lady ask the dog to give her the ball on their beach walk.
Two kids in a toy car at a gas station.
Three kids play on a dirt path in nature.
A woman waiting by the train tracks.
Two ladies are crossing a street right in front of a restaurant.
A guy is kayaking through some rapids.
A man in a white shirt and black pants stands with his left hand on top of his head.
Asian children playing by a rail.
3 children wearing hats playing on a horse
A little girl poses on her bike with her dog in the woods.
A young child being hugged by a woman with light brown hair.
Men with bagpipes and kilts stand around in a circle.
Three men in camouflage clothing and another man in a hat and red shirt and blue shorts standing in front of a building.
The man in the striped shirt is taking a picture of the other man in gray.
Two old men sit next to a young Asian woman in strange looking chairs.
Children dressed in Halloween costumes are enjoying a performance.
A little girl in a blue coat is rocking on a red playground toy.
A man in a suit passing by a record shop.
A man is walking two poodles on leashes in a city.
Little girl in a blue dress uses a pink hula-hoop.
A team of dogs, and a woman following on a bike.
A man plays steel drums near the water as people pass by.
A man in a yellow hat holds a colorful blow-up hammer.
Three people walk past a man playing a flute on the sidewalk.
Young women wearing a brown two piece swimsuit building a sand castle on a beach.
A family is lounging on their porch.
Three people are looking at the ground near a table and several chairs.
Two small children climbing the steps onto a plane.
Two hockey players stand and compete for the puck while a goalie crouches in front of the net.
The hikers are climbing up the mountains.
A runner is being handed a water bottle from a woman in a teal jacket holding an umbrella.
A lady and a toddler stare at themselves in a mirror.
An asian woman in a pink sweater holding incense sticks.
A child sliding face first down a metal tube
A man holds on to a handle in the water.
A group of people looking at a little baby with blond-hair.
A boy in a swimsuit walking in the sand towards the water
A man in a purple shirt, surrounded by people.
An orange cat with black stripes on a beach.
Kids playing basketball in an old court.
A group of people are walking around a crowded area with dirt on the ground.
The brown dog catches a ball in the air.
A group of people hold on as they ride on public transportation.
Several people walking down a flight of stone stairs during the day.
Three boys play around a fountain in an office building courtyard.
Wet girl in yellow swimsuit looks over cliff to a swimmer in the water.
A brown dog is running towards three other dogs.
A man stares at another man observing his shaving technique.
A Toyota truck is parked outside a busy store being renovated.
There is a big yellow backhoe in the middle of the street.
A man in a white tank top using a laptop sitting next to a tall pillar with a statue on top of it.
A small brown dog is playing with a fuzzy slipper.
Two girls in matching pink and white dresses and two smaller boys in matching black and white shirts.
A caucasian man wearing a black t-shirt is holding up two sticks.
A baby in a ball pit and a toddler playing near the feet of the person taking the picture.
Three men are together, two sitting and one standing.
A woman with a red cape is getting her haircut.
The lady in the black shirt is fixing the other lady's hair.
A woman is cutting another woman's hair as she smiles at the camera.
The lady is wearing a blue fire department shirt.
A man in a blue shirt wearing glasses uses a thin paintbrush to paint on a large canvas.
People walk down a city street past a record store.
The legs and mid-sections of two people with skateboards.
A curious child is seen enjoying a projector.
A man in a purple getting his haircut with a giant blow dryer faced towards him.
A man sitting down reading in the subway station.
A fully dressed young woman runs a pole down into a swimming pool.
A young boy showing off while walking his white dog in a neighborhood.
A boy is holding onto and running along with a merry-go-round.
A blond lady with sunglasses smiles.
A large campfire at night with several people sitting around it.
Two workers in orange vests perform their job.
A group of men are dressed in old military costumes, carrying instruments as if in a parade.
A man is hanging from the edge of a rock while two others catch him.
The dog swims through the water toward the waterfall.
The Happy bride and groom waited for the photographer to take their picture.
Black and white dog in living room standing on hind legs.
A group of girls is sitting in the dance studio.
A girl wearing a blue short and yellow shirt uniform throws a yellow softball while a girl in a black and red short uniform and red helmet runs.
A young girl is swinging in a backyard.
A group of children play in the street where water is sprayed.
A girl in a red shirt is outside crying.
Two dogs on leashes straining toward each other while their owners walk away from each other.
The little boy has a butterfly on his dirt-laden hands.
A woman in a green sweater is sitting down with a tennis racket about to hit a tennis ball.
Man wearing headscarf grasping a tree in the jungle.
A child in a striped shirt gleefully plays among some water fountains.
Men are sitting on stairs as a woman walks by.
Black dog with a red collar is climbing over fence posts.
A child dressed like a pirate smiles.
Two dogs are running next to each other on the grass.
A man gets air time on his wakeboard.
Two males are sitting on a dock, one of which is playing guitar, and another two are standing in front of them.
Two children are playing a game near a stage area.
Woman in blue jacket and woman in denim outfit with a group on a mountain.
An elderly man, wearing a white hat, is sweeping a parking lot.
A Veteran's Parade with three of the flag bearers presenting their flags.
A man on a truck decorated with flags and bunting.
A masked man in a Halloween mask looks on at a woman.
A woman in a black blouse playing a card game.
Two females, one wearing blue the other black, smiling and laughing
A girl in a jacket on a bed.
Many people are on the beach, near a building with flags flying.
Black dogs jump in pool to a hand.
A man that is wearing a gray military shirt with medals and a light blue cap with gold on it is waving his arm.
A person at a table, dressed in a black costume.
An older gentleman, wearing a t-shirt and shorts, is flipping burgers on a large stainless steel gas grill.
A very happy singer in an extravagant outfit.
A woman carrying a mannequin is walking down the sidewalk and talking on a mobile phone.
A child stands alone holding a red balloon looking into a dark interior.
A man driving down the street in an old fashioned fire engine waves at onlookers during a parade.
An old man with a mustache is sitting down holding a gun and smiling.
A woman wearing a red cloth on her head passes in front of a blue shack while as she walks down the street.
A female cheerleader in a shiney blue cheerleaders outfit leaps across stage while performing.
A woman wears a devil costume and poses in front of a fountain.
A group of DHL employees pose in the parking lot for a photograph.
Three people walking on a trail in the middle of the day.
A waitress talking with a man at an outside cafe.
A child, carrying a closed blue umbrella, is walking with another child who is under a yellow umbrella, on a muddy path.
A clown is smiling for a picture during a parade.
Two people raise their arms on a snowy hill in the mountains.
A kid in a black shirt standing behind the counter at a store.
A man is sitting at a laptop, while two men (one sitting, one standing up) face each other in the background.
A dog with a harness and a toy its mouth.
A chinese man wearing a traditional Chinese rice hat carries a balanced load across his shoulder with the use of a long stick.
A woman is painting a copy of a picture hanging on the wall.
Four sports fans walking together with garbage bags on their heads that read C U B S.
Two men in white uniforms with black belts are competing in a martial arts tournament.
A group of people march in a parade on a sunny day guiding an Oscar the Grouch float.
Man cutting cake on a pink mat.
A cat sits on a piano behind open sheet music and a glass lamp that is on.
A man with a red bowtie singing a solo with a full men's choir in the background.
A military man playing drums from America's Corp Fort Lewis, Washington while in a parade
The most amazing recreational activity outdoor camping.
A little girl with blond-hair and blue eyes is wearing a sweater while she sits next to a warm fire.
A man cutting a piece of cake at an office party.
A man in a brown coat is wearing a helmet and riding a bicycle while carrying two plastic bags.
A man wearing a red costume stands near others.
A woman in a red hat and dress sits alone on a park bench.
A man is laughing while wearing a white shirt.
Middle-aged female wearing a white sunhat and white jacket, slips her hand inside a man's pants pocket.
Someone sitting on a yellow motorcycle.
A younger boy is at the dentist holding someone's hand.
A man touches a painting on a wall.
A lady and a man kneeling down holding a string while another lady looks at them.
A man in a yellow shirt is cutting his birthday cake.
A man in a black coat and blue shirt is talking on his phone indoors.
Young people sit on the rocks beside their recreational vehicle.
A man with a tattoo holding a mop near a video game store.
Two man, one in a baseball uniform are throwing a ball.
A large group of people watching fire works together.
A person in uniform is standing and their shadow is being cast next to them.
A small girl is on a baseball field where an older man is gesturing toward the crowd.
An old man in a white hat is napping at a fishing pier.
Visitors travel along a mountain path as they walk along a safety fence.
Good Samaritan pulling an extremely drunken man out of the street onto the sidewalk to avoid him from being run over.
A woman looking in a telescope to look at something really small, most likely some sort of science lab.
Five people, wearing dark blue shirts, give a presentation outdoors.
A kid on the beach buried himself in sand with only his head exposed.
A woman talking to a group of three other women.
A girl, with face paint on, who is wearing a red shirt is painting an image.
A female looks on as a man restrains a young boy.
A woman wearing glasses and a yellow shirt is holding her hand out.
Two guys on a beach holding a third guy by his arms and ankles.
A group of young men is buried up to their chest in sand.
A woman and a child are walking on a leaf-lined sidewalk, heading towards two people riding horses.
People walk by the construction that is occurring in a city.
Two men with bags run in the same direction.
A man holding a walkie talkie in front of an open green box with controls in it.
A young man in a tie, pushing his bike.
A blond-haired man dressed in dark colors sitting next to a woman dressed in green and wearing a black beret.
A group of men are cleaning up debris
The smiling woman in the red helmet is outdoors holding a very long rope.
Crowds of people dancing during a street festival.
A man and two young children play music for a group of onlookers.
Three men in a living room having a discussion.
A man driving a green jeep is crossing over large rocks.
A woman with heavy makeup is standing next to a red light sign.
A dog catches a Frisbee as it jumps on the grass.
Crowd gathers to listen to a band
A man walking across a crosswalk with long hair, a green hoodie, and a backpack.
Blond woman sitting on dock wearing a white dress.
Woman in white bikini top and blue shorts with body of water in the background.
Many bicyclists racing along a dirt road.
Two little boys, from the waist up, in a martial arts match, one delivering a punch and the other blocking.
Two kids with yellow belts are dueling in a martial arts class.
A pregnant lady is sitting at an outside restaurant table and caressing her stomach.
A man wearing red pants about to reach the ground.
A group of young children, boys and girls, are playing a game of soccer.
A young boy dressed in blue and white is kicking a soccer ball.
A group of people form a procession, several of them holding signs with photographs on them.
The boy in red swimming trunks is jumping on the sand.
Two asian children sitting in chairs in the street on summer day.
A man is swinging on a rope above the water.
There is a man swinging off a rope swing into a lake.
The crowd at a game in LA takes their seats.
A group of volunteers working with children to do a toy drive outside of a toys r us for children in need.
A woman in black is taking photographs.
A small boy in a bathing suit walks over a drain grid while water is sprinkled on him.
A perspiring, tattooed man plays a guitar.
A bird's eye view of four people standing in the middle of tall rocks.
People are standing or walking near railroad tracks.
A man in a purple shirt riding a red bike.
A man gives a boy high-fives outside a barber shop.
Four kids, two girls and two boys going on an adventure in a canoe.
People with safety vests stand in a field with shovels.
A man in a yellow vest is smoking and working in a field.
A man in heavy windbreaker clothing walking through a field.
Three men in safety vests work along a roadside.
Two men in blue uniforms and green workman vest.
A man drives a piece of farm equipment in a field.
Girls are trying to hit the ball during a volleyball game.
Two dogs are running through water carrying a rope and red float in their mouths.
Two men peering down from scaffolding.
A man in a black cap and blue shirt is looking for gold.
A man in a green shirt smoothing wet concrete.
An older Asian man stands next to a large tub of rice.
A woman sits next to a bucket of collected clams.
A man in a black shirt is playing percussion on a set of empty five gallon buckets.
A woman selling flowers on the street corner.
A tall man and a shorter man walking and talking, wearing the same sandals.
Two men are filling out paperwork for a man in a red shirt who is behind the counter.
A band performs on stage while the crowd raises their hands and clap.
A man is standing underneath a large bell.
Two men standing in dark clothing at a bus stop, one is reading the newspaper.
A blond woman wearing jeans is reading on a bench.
A little girl in a pink dress crying.
Men enjoying a sandwich at a street fair.
A large, black dog with something in its mouth is coming out of a pool of water.
A man and woman wearing Mickey Mouse ears in a crowd.
A young man is texting while standing in front of a poster.
Two young men are standing on the sidewalk talking to each other.
A black man wearing a blue shirt and some bling starring into the camera.
Woman stands against wall filled with old advertisements wearing a short white shirt with jean jacket and skirt.
A black male leaning up against a wall with a water bottle.
Two long-haired little girls are sitting on a platform.
A woman in a blue outfit pulls a cat off the roof of a car.
Many people are walking through a crowded outdoor marketplace.
Two workers in their hard hats and safety vests stand near a yellow block of concrete.
A male drummer and a female singer at a performance.
A man in a black suit and straw hat holds a tennis racket as if it were a guitar.
A poor woman in a shawl is digging for rocks.
A man is bent overlooking at something on a rocky beach.
A woman giving a cup to an African American man.
A man in a black shirt selling fruit at the market.
Indian ladies dancing in front of crowd
A man in the background about to roll a die with army men and a die in the foreground
A young woman performs a balance beam routine in front of spectators.
A group of people are standing in front of a train.
Crowd shuffles past opening in old structure.
Two men dressed in white shirts button down shirts, white hats, with blue scarves tied around their necks
A man is standing outside at a cafe.
People standing in front of watermelons on side of the street.
Girl sitting in fire for a show
Two young girls are wearing bathing suits and standing under falling water.
A black and white dog runs in some leaves.
A boy in a Renaissance Fair costume is standing by cars parked on grass.
A black dog and a tan dog fighting.
A woman is soldering a piece of metal as a man watches.
A young man climbs a mountain, another follows below.
A boy does a cartwheel on a rock cliff.
An older gentleman looking down at his beer.
Woman in white in foreground and a man slightly behind walking with a sign for John's Pizza and Gyro in the background.
Little train rides with the family.
A woman is stirring the contents of a cooking pot.
A city street is being cleaned by a man in a green vehicle.
A gray dog explores a fallen tree in the woods.
Four women sharing a meal are laughing together.
Man in green shirt and cargo khakis standing next to a green jeep.
Three girlfriends are sitting in a darkened theater.
An elderly man pushes a cart with a loved one's memorial picture down the street.
A woman in a green vest is taking a picture of a horse.
A young boy wearing a red shirt stands in the street with his arms open wide.
A man holding onto a small girl on a bike.
A man wearing a black shirt and a little girl wearing an orange dress share a treat.
A man, seated, serves food to a little girl.
Woman and older man are walking side-by-side on treadmills in a fitness room.
A guy is singing into a microphone.
A woman shields her eyes from the sun as she walks on a city street.
People walk around a crowded market street.
A couple in jeans strolls down a street that is adjacent to an area being blocked off with orange netting.
Two girls are laying in bed with two small dogs.
A man and a woman are posing for a photo beside a rack of clothes.
A climber is scaling a mountain cliff.
Two women wearing what appears to be airline stewardess attire and sunglasses waving inside a building.
A man is standing in front of a Prince St. Cafe.
Small girl in red, white and black dress looks at large silver orbs.
The young children are petting a piglet
A dog walks on a red plank by a blue railing.
An older woman in a Burberry coat, eating.
A woman in black with a tan suit jacket is standing at a podium speaking to an audience.
A young girl running down a street.
A man in a tie plays guitar while a well dressed woman looks over sheet music, possibly to sing.
As I overlook the city I pick up my guitar because of the inspiration.
A blond child is running down a field with his tongue sticking out.
A guy reads a book while sitting in front of a piano.
A person rows a boat over a large body of water.
A dog on a beach dragging an item
A mother cradles her school-aged son in her arms.
A woman mounts a ladder to paint the ceiling.
A person on a bike has a white dog on a leash.
A woman with glasses is giving a presentation to two women sitting down.
A woman is receiving help from the female behind the counter.
A man in a green shirt holds out a clipboard for a woman in pink's attention.
A male security officer stands at his post behind another man in a patterned sweater.
Two guys, in black shirts, smoking outside.
A woman in black flips through pages of a book in a library as a girl in white wearing headphones smiles.
A woman helping another woman out with a website on a computer.
Two children fall headfirst into a colorful ball pit while a third child watches.
A retail professional pauses while interacting with customers.
Three dogs running around in the grass with woods in the background
Kids and adults playing in shallow water in a city.
Groom wearing black and gray tux and bride wearing a white dress are being sprinkled with flowers.
A happy, beautiful bride getting out of a luxury car.
Man cycles through diry bike path wearing white helmet and gloves
A group of people having conversations at a restaurant.
A Houston baseball player has caught a ball and is now throwing the ball towards another team member.
Three people on stage singing and playing instruments.
Three People shopping in an isle in a foreign grocery store.
Four boys jumping into an inground pool.
A small white dog climbs over a log.
A lady setting up multicolored balls in a contraption.
Two men, both wearing bright yellow vests and jeans, are working on a roof.
A man in a white outfit is playing an electric keyboard.
A man in a floppy hat and bright yellow shorts is standing in mud.
A man is speaking into a microphone.
An elderly man is walking down the sidewalk wearing black shorts and a white shirt.
A red-haired woman talking on the phone while petting a brown and tan dog.
A man is standing under an arch near a Wendy's restaurant.
A male child holding a ball standing on the sidewalk.
A road is blocked and police are lined up around it.
A group of young people sitting and talking.
A casual guy having a drink in a asian bar.
A dog is shaking water off of itself.
Two dogs tug on a pink and orange ball from opposite ends.
A man in casual attire is giving a presentation.
A newborn infant sleeps on his side after a long day.
Two gentlemen are in the middle of a computer class.
A woman wearing a T-shirt, shorts, and sandals, is miniature golfing in front of flowers and a walkway.
Four men are walking on the street in a cold weather
One girl is standing on the street, and the other is crouching looking at something on the ground.
Two people sit in front of computers and a large dark window.
People are riding and rowing a boat near the coastline.
Two men, one carrying a black garbage bag.
A man in a sweatshirt places a garbage bag over a mailbox.
A man in a black shirt and baseball cap picking up trash in an empty lot.
A baby plays with food while sitting in a highchair.
A man sits on a red cloth on the ground near a blue post.
A group of several teenage boys walking along the roadside with a garbage bag.
A girl and a boy are sitting next to each other in a vehicle.
A man with a visor and blue top has thrown a Frisbee off into the distance.
One guy about to throw a Frisbee.
A man is throwing a blue frisbee at a frisbee golf target.
Two men packaging donuts in plastic wrap.
A boy in a gray hooded sweatshirt is throwing away a bag of garbage into a green dumpster.
Men and women eating as one women is working on a computer.
Two asian women are holding up a partially filled trash bag, smiling.
Man in black carrying tattered cloth.
A young man is taking a bag of trash to the dumpster, after picking up litter on the street.
A couple walking on a sidewalk along a strip mall.
A man wearing a green tank top and a white hat singing into a microphone.
A young man in a colorful costume sings into a microphone.
A man throwing a garbage man into a dumpster while another man holds the lid.
Men in colorful shirts show camaraderie after a bicycle race.
A boy floats with the aid of a brown device in a body of water.
A group of people in hard hats building a house.
A group of construction workers building a house.
Three men are building a roof.
Four children are reading a recipe in a professional kitchen while the ingredients are laid out on the table.
Two people with bikes standing in front of a building.
There is a group of children getting their picture taken with presents.
A fisherman has his foot caught in his net.
A shirtless man wearing light blue shorts and a baseball cap stands at the front of a boat.
A man is standing in water thinking about something.
Two men dressed up before a big event.
A man sings and plays a white guitar.
A man walking while holding the hand of a small child.
A teenage boy performs a stunt on his skateboard in a skate park.
An older man is standing next to a display of wooden trays.
Coeds sit on a stone picnic table and eat lunch in the courtyard.
A man stands near a street in a suit with a sign saying "Stop raping my wife!"
People skating at a rollerskating rink.
A boy with red-hair holds up an ice cream cone for an older man to sample.
A young boy is playing in a stream bed
People in a dark room that has walls illuminated by green lights and one person is holding up their cellphone.
A man wearing a shirt and tie at the top of an elevator shaft.
A man plugging in a wire while holding a guitar.
Two men are using tools cutting into a green trailer.
A father and his son cutting a cake during a dinner party held at their residence in texas.
Two men are standing and one has a hose.
Wet black and white dog with black nose shaking off water.
A blond-haired woman walks a dog down the street in flip-flops.
A man in a blue shirt walks holding a young boy's hand outside in a garden.
A boy stands in water near a Frisbee.
A woman sits with her feet in a shallow pool and looks at a puppy.
A man with a blue mask reading a book.
A black and white dog wearing a harness licks a brunette wearing glasses.
Woman in a green top and blue jeans bowling.
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is riding a motorcycle.
A group of children in blue clothes stand by a gate.
Two men in white shirts working in a old building.
A street scene featuring oncoming traffic, including cars and motorbikes.
Two women wearing gray t-shirts, one holding two brown paper bags, leaving a charted bus.
A woman in a tank-top, cutting another woman's clothing.
A baby with brown curly hair enjoying a drink.
Large earth moving equipment at work.
A man in a hard hat is operating a digger.
A brown dog in a canoe looks out over still waters.
Three men in white are painting the railing of the pier blue.
A group of people sitting on a deck.
People are having a conversation and a water bottle fell on the ground.
A boy in blue and green pants lies against a wall.
A tan dog is standing in front of some plants.
A man is wrestling a bull while spectators watch.
An elderly women buying shampoo and conditioner at a store.
A photographer is taking photos of flowers.
A rock climber leans out from a crag against a deep blue sky.
A man and a woman in glasses blow bubbles.
A group of young men are wrestling and horsing around in a dirt pit.
The women is holding a picture of a child laying on the ground.
A man in a white coat cutting meat with a very sharp cleaver.
It looks like choir practice in an older ornate church.
A man is walking down the street on an Autumn day, kicking leaves in the air.
The man in the orange shirt is giving a speech.
Two children are playing with a soccer ball on grass.
A little redheaded boy plays Whack Em!
A dog is on a leash held by a woman in white shoes.
A man shaving neck with razor.
A woman is eating a salad in the stands at an arena event.
People search for their seats in a stadium.
Two toddlers are eating corndogs in a small wagon or bin.
Bicyclists, a woman pushing a child in a stroller, and people sitting in a park.
A young boy in a blue shirt stands next to a woman sitting on the ground.
A woman reaches into a box of candy while a man stands nearby.
Several people watch a female rock band performing on a stage full of yellow banners.
A woman is listening to the band on stage.
An older woman smiling, in a blue coat, with her dog.
A man showering in a home outdoor shower facility.
A man in a blue shirt is looking up at a child with a red striped shirt and blue jeans.
A man in a woman within a house happily socializing.
A man is cleaning his yard with a leaf blower.
A man and woman look upward on a city block.
A long-haired man is playing the recorder and a seagull is sitting nearby on a wall.
Two people running on the shore of a beach
Little boy watching baby as brother gets a henna tattoo.
A man in a gray shirt is yawning.
A chef working on a cooktop stove that is covered with pots and various utensils.
A boy caches a fish while a girl points at the fish.
A barber in a black shirt carefully cutting a young boy's hair.
Two snorkelers are in a very blue sea swimming by an orange buoy.
A woman in an apron and white shirt stands behind a full buffet table, while a man is bent over behind her.
A group eating lunch on break.
Two men kickbox in a ring, one man punching the other.
People stand in a cluttered alley.
Two small asian boys are posing for camera in a green gated room.
A group of people are sitting in a circle enjoying themselves.
A little old woman peaks out from behind the blue doorway and three pairs of plastic sandals.
3 people in a small hut or house.
A young child is held above a man's head as her hair flies in the air.
Two men riding bikes on highway.
There are group of girls from different ethnicity doing children cheerleading moves in a gym on a mat.
A man in khaki pants is standing on a trashcan and hugging a pole.
A group of people jump into a lake in unison.
A dog drinking out of a water spigot.
A child is pushed by a large wave while holding his yellow surfboard.
A graduating student in robes speaks to a professor.
A girl in white is swinging a sword.
Social awkward girl looking outside a window onto the street outside.
Two men are hiking with a small child near to some interesting shape rock formations.
A middle-aged man wearing a red hat is fishing.
Two boys are standing on sand next to an overturned chair.
Boy with a blue towel and white hat holding goggles and a snokel.
A boy swimming who is wearing goggles.
A child taking a break from playing to eat an ice cream.
Someone takes a cloth off of a Green Bay Packers football player.
A woman with a messenger bag is riding a bike.
A brindle-coated dog is growling at a jumping brown dog with purple collar inside a park enclosure.
Heavy machinery in use at a factory.
Two boys are harnessed to a tree and are swinging across a wire.
Four women are working together to make food.
An Asian man lies on a tiled floor with two children, using old clothes for pillows.
Shirtless man balancing on unfinished roof.
Two men in bullet proof vests watch over a crowd by some white tents.
A little boy playing soccer at the park.
A little boy in a blue shirt kicking a soccer ball around.
A man walking into the shadows.
A group of soldiers crouch over a fire pit with meat cooking on the grill.
Elder man is working on a project in his home workshop.
A young man is smoking a cigarette while holding a maroon guitar.
An elderly man is outside carrying plants.
Two children in the bathroom, one stands while the other reads a book and uses the toilet.
Two Asian men in dark suits talking.
A man dressed in black and white is using a sharp tool to cut wood.
Two people on a boat looking at the sunset.
A girl wearing blue and brown holding bags standing in the end of a tunnel.
Three window washers in blue uniforms work on scaffolding.
Two young men play outside near a golden statue of Ghandi.
Two dogs are playing with a toy outdoors.
Two men race around a dirt track on bicycles while a handful of onlookers watch from behind a fence.
A woman sitting in a park, talking on a cellphone.
Three people stand close to three multicolored hot air balloons.
Six very colorful hot air balloons getting ready to fly.
The boy is holding a basketball on a wooden basketball court.
A boy dribbles a basketball in the gymnasium.
A young boy in motion in front of potted plants and a beige wall.
A young woman with a blue helmet climbing up a rock.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and shorts is rock climbing with other people wearing blue hard hats.
A lady is inflating an Incredible Hulk toy.
A person in a parachute with a American flag attached to him.
Someone is parachuting down and almost touching the ground.
A young girl in a striped shirt holds an electronic noisemaker she built herself.
A man is parachuting next to a jet.
A seasoned photographer snaps photo despite being weighed down by all his gear.
Young children have fun while playing sack jumping in park.
A group of children have fun in sack race.
Baby sleeping in his car seat.
A man in a gray jacket and white shirt is leaning against a railing and talking to another man.
A middle-aged man riding his black motorcycle through a neighborhood.
A man in a black shirt is rollerblading past a bench in the city.
Two men fillet a fish at a sink while others watch.
People are sitting on step along the water and fishing.
A woman hanging onto the end of a raft.
A woman with short blond-hair rises from a chair as another woman in a burgundy shirt laughs.
A woman wearing a pink shirt is using workout equipment.
Three people walk on a rainy night down a street in China.
A man wearing shorts and no shirt is squatting.
A bicycle is parked in front of a shop that has a large orange sign.
Preparing a fish dinner for the family.
A boy with a blue hat points towards a bowl full of cork.
A woman is holding a baby while another child stands by her side.
A Dad and his boys are out as a family doing the family chores with their livestock.
A man with a hat is cooking barbecue.
Three women of different ages in white dresses sitting in a dusty clearing in front of trees.
Passengers riding the rail through town.
Two women in uniform stand on the side of the road as a woman in white cowboy boots walk by.
I think the construction work is going on here.
Five hikers traverse a dry, scrubby plain towards snowy peaks in the background.
A group of children hold balloon animals.
A girl in a green jacket is kneeling taking a picture of another girl standing up.
Man in white polo t-shirt with glasses plays a red guitar.
A shirtless man diving into a fenced, green pool while there is a forest behind him.
A choir singing to the congregation in church.
A man is sitting on a bench in front of some purple plants.
Two people with bicycle helmets chatting on a bench.
Man in orange coat stood on a ladder inspects a huge metal container.
A attrative woman climbs over a fence.
Citizens enjoying a snowy day with reminder of summer in the background.
A girl in a jumpsuit makes a snow angel.
A man is putting shaving cream on his beard while looking in a mirror as another man stands in the background.
A man observes antiques in a store.
Two shaggy yellow dogs playing in a rough manner.
Several construction workers paving a parking lot.
A group of boys play flag football while some bystanders watch.
There are many people in the street.
A crowd of men in uniforms consisting of blue tops and white pants are walking.
The man is installing tile on the bathroom wall.
Two guys installing tile in which is maybe a bathroom
People crowd a street in an Asian city.
A group of people standing on the side of the road with an orange bus next to them.
Four Asian people are canoeing in three canoes.
A group of tourists aboard a small and colorful boat in the waters of a Southeast Asian country.
A crowd gathered around a man carrying a red japanese mask.
A person with a striped tube standing in the middle of a crowd of people.
A smiling person wearing a jacket and boots jumps in a big puddle.
Three people hiking up a mountain with a river and other mountains in the background.
A guy and boy are riding on a skateboard together.
Two dachshunds run in the grass with a blue ball.
A pharmacist is at work filling prescriptions.
A girl sings into a microphone while other girls watch her.
A brown dog playing with a tennis ball
Four guys in a car with one in the middle seat turned backwards looking at the camera.
A man is holding up a plastic jug indoors.
Girl in a red coat, blue head wrap and jeans is making a snow angel.
Group of girls having a study party.
Person in hooded sweatshirt that obscures their face sits next to a freshly cut log.
Men having a tree carving contest.
Two men in neon yellow shirts busily sawing a log in half.
A group of teenagers talk near a cement wall.
The woman stands in front of a rock pond and wears a red shirt.
A man wearing yellow hi-viz is grasping a wooden board.
Two men sitting on a railroad tie showing the camera something in his hand.
A man makes pretzels in the kitchen.
A group of kids are standing on stage in front of an audience ready to perform.
A guy pushes cart full of water in bags on the travelator.
A woman in a purple dress is inspecting a large piece of fabric.
A woman is sleeping while sitting on a park bench.
A man in a hard hat stand on top of a pile of rubble.
An oriental woman on a crowded street pointing.
A bride and someone from her wedding party, wearing a darker dress, are walking on the beach.
A silver statue of men on bikes.
A woman derssed in a black sweater, gloves, hat, and a scarf sits on the beach near a boulder.
A little boy is standing on a peer next to a boat.
A gymnast in a blue leotard is doing a handstand on the workout floor.
A child in green shoes staring down a drain.
A white man in a yellow shirt that says "Glass Collector" is pulling very hard on a very large rope.
A boy in camouflage shorts and an orange shirt has his hat on backwards.
A lot of people on the street in front of large buildings.
A tan dog is running through shallow water with a stick in its mouth.
A man in a striped shirt watches a subway car go by.
Some men are fixing something in the middle of a street.
A bald man with colored tattoos on his arms stops in the forest with two dogs.
A man stands atop a rock while looking at a bicycle.
A kid in orange plays with a ball of snow outside.
A person is walking up a snowy hill
A man in shorts is standing on a rock looking out at the view from the hilltop.
The brown dog walks through the flowers.
Woman who is wearing blue bikini bottom and blue sports bra is running on an athletic track.
A female and two males in a classroom.
A brunette girl with glasses and a blond girl are talking outside on a field.
A tan dog jumps up to catch a tennis ball.
Four men (2 observing) with helmets are digging in the ground.
An old woman is weaving a fabric.
Such a beautiful day for a solitary snorkeling expedition.
A tan dog and a little girl kiss.
A faraway figure walks between trees with a light dusting of snow on them.
A dog runs to catch a Frisbee on AstroTurf.
A boy in red baseball gear makes a pitch, in front of a trailer park.
A large crowd of people are gathered in the street.
Person sitting in a chair selling goods outside of a building.
A child is playing with a water spout outdoors while the rest of his family watches.
A woman with short blond-hair holds her violin and bow.
A man descends a snowy mountain.
Two poodles are in the snow and one is jumping high
Chefs on a balcony take a break from work
A large group of people in a red raft wearing red life jackets on the river
A man with his arms raised at the top of a mountain.
A child plays a red toy guitar and sings into multicolored plastic microphone.
A man paddling in water.
Two men are eager to enjoy a delicious turkey in a messy kitchen.
A man is preparing a meal on a kitchen counter with three bowls.
A bald man with glasses is cutting into a turkey on the dinner table.
A man with black hair stares to his right.
The purple parachutes floats off the cliff toward the gray ocean below.
The parachutist is standing in a field near to his unfurled parachute.
A man is putting a turkey on a grill.
A group of workers building something.
Three women conversing under an umbrella, with another woman sitting alone on a bench.
A man in blue doing kung fu.
The parachutist has a bird flying along with him.
Two bird dogs competing for the kill.
A man lecturing a group of people in a medium sized room.
A child pushing their younger sibling in a stroller.
A girl in a flower dress is running on sand.
A little white baby is sitting in a suitcase.
A crowd of people are walking, they are mostly dressed in white.
A picture of two girls using yarn at night.
A black puppy wearing black collar sits on the grass and leaves.
A little Asian boy crawls along on asphalt.
A child wearing a dark green coat carrying a toy in a toy store.
A baby holds a game control above its head and laughs.
An older man places a wooden crate on top of a stack of wooden crates.
Man leaning on desk listening to someone on phone.
There is a man laying on the ground with a red and white hat on his head.
Three boys in a wooden-paneled room, one inspecting a bow.
There are three men, who appear to be identical, sitting at a desk with the one on the end drinking from a coffee cup.
A man talks to a boy in a vacant area.
A group of young adult women sit in the floor knitting.
A man pushes a boy on a zip line.
A brown and black dog is running along a grassy path wearing a red jacket.
2 hikers are in the water trying to cross.
An asian man plays with his infant child in a modern apartment.
A young family sits on steps enjoying the day
Adults and children stand and play in front of steps near a wooded area.
Two kids standing between two red cars.
A man is sitting with a cup of coffee, reading a newspaper.
Man in white shirt holding a snow shovel.
A brown dog and a black dog are together in tall grass.
People walking in a big puddle.
A man is doing work on shingles on a roof.
Three children wrestle on a floral carpet.
A man flies through the air as a young girl standing on a couch appears to bunch him in the stomach.
A worker man hanging from a stack of metal bars.
Here is a picture of a man who is working a construction job.
Three dogs run across the track.
A lady in red is standing in the middle of the street between the cable car tracks.
A small boy dances on the concrete surrounded by adults.
A small child is playing with a toy in front of a wall.
A man and a woman are in the city smiling.
The sun is shining above the snow and trees.
A doctor consulting with a patient.
A large crowd and camera crew face a sports field.
There is a large skeleton behind a fence.
The riders and horses are taking a break and resting on the mountain trail.
Two young children are walking down a tree lined path.
A group of Muslim men lined up praying in an urban area.
A man is holding and feeding his two small children.
A man wearing a black shirt vacuums the grass.
Little boy pulling a green wagon wearing a sweatshirt and boots.
A male doctor takes measure of a woman's blood pressure.
Two dogs play fighting on sand.
A little girl in a blue and pink leotard is walking along a beam whilst a person's hand is stretched out to support her.
A lady and a guy are sitting down wrapping gifts.
A barefoot young boy glances at the camera while swinging in a park.
Two mountain climbers are smiling on the mountainside.
A man with a dark green apron standing with his hands on his waist with a grill in the background.
A small tub sits in front of the statue.
A blond woman dances on a sunny day.
One man hands another man food from an outdoor vendor.
Two old men are using jackhammers on the sidewalk while people walk by.
Two children, both in red jackets, are playing on the stairs outside.
A young girl jumps off of a couch and high into the air.
A person in winter gear is riding a bike near an intersection.
A female with a black scarf and a helmet riding her bike.
A person looks out of the window on the A bus.
A white dog with fake antlers on its head and a brown dog play together outdoors.
A little girl dressed in pink plays hopscotch.
A woman dressed in black attire and orange scarf standing against the wall next to the map.
A group of people are congregating by a tree.
Upstairs, in a cafe, one man is eating and, at a separate table, another speaks on a cellphone, while downstairs a man sits among cardboard boxes.
A blond-haired boy and a brown-haired girl laugh together while eating.
A woman in a bright dress laughing.
Two men prepare food while standing in the kitchen
One person does a flip in the middle of the field while their friend takes a picture.
Some young men are playing basketball.
Three racing dogs are running out of the starting gate on a track.
A brown dog running in a yard.
An Asian man in a black robe is holding up a small fan by a bush with smoke coming out of it.
A man skateboards down a steep railing next to some steps.
A dark-skinned man is cycling in a street full of traffic.
One man watches as another man does a stunt on his bicycle.
A group of hikers, taking a short break.
A dog is jumping into a swimming pool after a duck.
The woman is wearing a pink hat and is riding a bike in the park.
A woman juggles her baby, purse, money and food from a market.
A girl who is surrounded by other people is taking a picture at a concert.
A man wearing a brown sport coat gives a talk to an audience.
A group of motorcyclists sit on their bikes on a street.
A lovely lady is putting on makeup in the mirror.
A man wearing a gown walking up to a canvas, spectators watching
A black puppy chewing on a brown dog's neck
An elderly woman is presenting a cake to a group of kids.
A little girl is walking towards stairs where there is a pigeon.
A tan dog chases a white dog through the leafy grass
An old man, with a gray beard, riding his bike
Two little boys with brown hair and one with blond-hair.
Two police officers standing on a busy street corner.
A person on a beach in a green hang glider.
A woman wearing black and gold looking to her side.
A woman very excited looking to the right.
Two women in skirts walking along the street.
A hiker is shadowed by the time of day near an open and tree-lined body of water.
A man standing by a red car with a small child peering out the window.
A man casting out a fishing line into a stream
A person walks among large, white geometric shaped architecture.
A man is hiking on a mountaintop on a cloudy day.
One canoe heading for another on a foggy riverbank.
A man is eating something and walking down a sidewalk past a big red and yellow sign.
A girl sitting on the ground is talking on a cellphone.
An East Asian woman sits in what appears to be a subway car as two businessmen stand before her.
A woman has vegetables laid out on a display.
A painter hanging on the side of a building painting, with two buckets strapped at his sides.
A man in a white shirt looks on while at a street vendor.
Two ladies walking on the sidewalk talking to each other.
Women fawning over their newborn child and toddler.
A man and a woman carrying bags are walking down the sidewalk.
A boy sits in the library, reading a book.
A brown and white dog holds a tennis ball in his mouth.
A group of people in protective gear.
A woman with long red-hair is standing in her white kitchen holding a sponge and smiling to the person taking the photograph.
A group of people hang out on the dock, drinking some beers.
There are three men having a conversation at a social place.
A dog runs in the woods.
Two women hug in a crowded room where people are having drinks.
A group of people in a building.
A brown dog with a lease is running with a person behind the dog.
Two men having a conversation in an outdoor public area.
A man with glasses just sat down and is ready to eat his burger.
A young man in a blue shirt eats a hotdog.
Two kids in coats posing with a snowman.
Four people looking through a fence at something.
Two smiling young men lying in a green papasan chair with a tan comforter over them.
A large group of people are congregated outside.
A girl was sitting at a table trying to make a gingerbread house.
A man looking out a window of a train.
Three children jumping into a pool with a palm tree in the middle.
Two children in identical outfits hang on a chain link fence.
A boy in pajama pants jumps on a red couch.
A man cooks sausages dressed in typical chef clothing.
A black dog plays with a bit of ice by the frozen river.
People walking down the street at a fair.
An elderly woman is riding a bicycle in the city as a yellow taxi is about to pass by.
A female standing in a doorway, smoking a cigarette.
The man is wearing a scarf, jacket, and a furry hat on a snowy day.
A boy is playing cricket.
A mom is very happy to be holding her new baby.
A black and white dog is jumping in the grass.
The black and white dog along with the brown dog are galloping outside
A woman with a helmet riding a bike.
Two boys playing cricket, one is throwing a orange ball.
A portrait of a girl and young child.
A man looks down as a child sleeps in his arms.
A girl is holding a ball and pointing to a frisbee.
The school children wore uniforms of white shirts and navy pants or skirts and yellow name tags.
Seven people sit at table in metal fold-up chairs discuss topic.
A young black child stands on the edge of a body of water near buckets.
A medium sized child jumps off of a dusty bank over a creek.
People milling around acting as if they are waiting for an answer from someone or something.
A woman wearing a red skirt is walking beside a stone wall.
A red dog crouches in the snow.
A young child dances on a straw surface.
A boy is pulling a wild face whilst waving cooking implements in his hands.
Two girls holding drinks and looking at something on a cellphone.
Small child in knit hat and coat holds a snow shovel in a snowdrift.
A group of people looking into their cameras
A man on a kayak coming down a raging waterfall
A man in a yellow boat paddling down rough waters.
A little girl wearing a purple dress looks down at the camera.
A man smiles in his blue and green kayak.
Woman and a man standing across street from each other at a crosswalk.
A man and woman are drinking at a bar.
A man in a parking lot next to a red truck putting a box into it.
The rear end of an animal whose front end is underground.
A mustached man in a white shirt is at a stand that displays cigarettes and glass bottles of various sodas.
Looks to be a large gathering of people rapped in burgundy clothes.
Two men dressed up with fur around them with whole noses and hats and sunglasses on.
People pose for a picture in the snow
A young white man, wearing dark pants and a light colored t-shirt playing a french horn in a band.
A older man in a Hawaiian shirt carrying a large bundle on his shoulders.
A damaged vehicle is carried by a repair truck in a nighttime scene.
Two little girls are laying on the grass smiling.
Two men, without any shirts on, are playing table tennis
A man wearing sunglasses is playing the guitar.
An man with a black ski cap and a red and white headband looks into the distance.
A barefoot little boy sweeping a brick floor.
A dog with a newspaper in his mouth runs down a paved path.
Three women sitting on a bench waiting for the bus.
Man in a black bodysuit is surfing in the ocean.
Three black dogs swimming in dirty water
A young girl holding a cake with candles dressed in a heavy coat.
A brown dog is walking in the water.
One man wearing brown and red is playing golf indoors.
A man hikes on a dirt path high above a city.
A lone hiker on a dirt hiking trail with a hat and sunglasses on with trees in the background
Hiker standing on top of a rock overlooking a town.
Two men stand near a piece of large machinery.
Two men, dresses in jackets and gloves, blowing leaves.
Two men wearing work attire, stands next to an eighteen-wheeler, outside a large plant.
The woman and children are standing next to a statue of a cow.
A man in a green hat is taking a self portrait.
Three adults wearing cold weather gear.
A boy wearing black walks down the street with his hands in fists.
Two girls play on a skateboard in a courtyard.
A woman in a red coat and brown hat and a man in a black leather coat walk by a street food vendor.
Brown-haired male relaxing in an oak tree.
Large fluffy gray dog standing in grass in front of a brown dog.
Man in a yellow usa shirt is sitting outside of a lobby entrance.
This farmer cuts into his harvested fruit with a machete to sell in the market.
Four women at a bar having a laugh.
A group of men and women sitting on booths drinking out bottle and glasses.
A black dog bounds across the sand.
People are sitting at long dining tables in a tent at some formal event.
A young woman looks happy in winter clothes while it snows.
A man and a child walk along the beach as a ball floats in the water.
A orchestra band practices in a church.
A little boy with a green shirt is running on a rock ledge.
Two young men selling goods in a market.
Two girls jumping on a trampoline, one upright and the other landing on her back, in a backyard.
People stand outside watching motorcycles drive down a road.
An older man in a white shirt riding a motorcycle.
A person walks by some blue-green water while holding a rail.
A group of motorcyclists drive around a parking lot.
A man carving a pumpkin in his boxers.
A young girl standing behind a star of David.
A person lies half under a car, face-down.
Black male in white puma tank top and red shorts standing in doorway of red building
Two men are smiling at each other.
A little boy in a striped shirt is dropping rocks to make the water splash up at him.
An elderly woman crafts a design on a loom.
A little girl is playing in a puddle on a cold day.
A dog places his head on a man's face.
The little girl is sleeping while hugging her blue bag.
A girl sitting on top of a crocodile
The kid is wearing a blue jacket and standing in shallow beach water.
Baby in playpen with wide eyes
The German shepherd dog is running through the snow.
Man putting up a tile in the ground.
A white and brown dog rolls on its back in the sand.
A dog shakes off water
A man is playing a 5 stringed electrical bass guitar.
The lady and man pose for a picture.
Construction workers add cinder blocks to the top of a structure.
Two girls walking on the street in shorts and sweatshirts.
A lot of people are gathered outdoors at night and eating food, with lots of bright lights.
A toddler peeking into a front loader dryer.
A man in a black shirt sits next to an old woman in a pink shirt on a train.
Man in red headband climbing a rock
Man reading a book in a barber shop at night.
Two black guys, that are on rival teams playing basketball.
A young man makes an astonished face as he turns to the cameraman just outside his kitchen.
Two men are standing together while one looks through binoculars.
Elderly people are sitting together at tables and talking.
A person poses in the snow.
A lone person standing on some rocks with large snowy mountains in the background.
A man raises his arms on rocky beach.
A male hiker wearing a green jacket is posing next to a large glacier.
Someone staring down at a mess on the ground.
The little girl is standing on a stage dressed up as a pink fairy.
An old woman taking pictures at an outdoor photography display.
A grinning girl sits in a pink wheeled cart sliding down a green ramp.
Father and son smiling in the bed.
Five men stand in a line in front of a red curtain.
A female tennis player stands in a ready position.
A hiker is standing in before the mountain holding two walking sticks.
A brown dogs walks near a green van and some junk.
A black and gray cat stands on a contracption while two big dogs stare at it.
An elderly woman is preparing food in the kitchen.
Two children, one in a red coat, one in a blue coat, are sitting by a lake.
A boys soccer team coach talking to his team on a soccer field.
Man in tan shirt and brown pants looks down the fairway at the golf ball he just hit.
An woman paints her toenails while sitting on the floor.
A small dog runs from the dirt onto the street
Three males on the edge of the water with fishing gear.
A student jumps up to kick his heels together while outside of a school building in the winter snow.
Two dogs drink water in a lake.
A man with glasses and a green shirt is holding onto the wall.
A woman in orange works beside a loom.
A small child jumps on a colorful toy in the street.
A skier catches air over the snow.
A white dog plays outside in a fenced yard while it snows.
A person holding a "Free Hugs" sign, hugs another person.
A baseball is recoiling from an action taken on a treated field watched by others.
A guy standing is watching another guy in midair.
A small child in a red coat points to a handbag in a shop window.
A small child is standing at the edge of the woods.
A black dog jumping off a riverbank near a wooded area.
Guy drinking beverage outside of brightly lit basement.
Five Asian girls are lined up on a track preparing to run.
Four men are pointing to a measuring stick while crouching.
Two young school kids run to finish their race.
Three Asian men running and winning a race.
Group of sitting asian children all dressed in white polos and navy blue pants.
A boy is surrounded by pigeons.
A group in uniform marches carrying red signs with Chinese lettering on them.
A woman on a ski slope.
A child wearing a green tank top with the number four on it is participating in a race.
Children pass a baton during a relay run.
The blue team passes off the baton in a relay race.
Two people stand on a beach and look to the right.
A tattooed woman in a black dress holds a drink while sitting at a table in a dimly-lit room.
A man posing for his photo on a rocky beach.
Toddler standing near a pole with an orange life jacket at his feet.
Three boys are racing against each other.
Two girls competing in a track event.
Orange dog jumps over striped posts on course.
Two people wearing black sit on a bench and look down.
A parade of people in pink marches on.
Outside asian festival with white words on red banners, a stage of judges behind a row of red flowers with lots of asian people standing by.
Several children at an Asian fair appear to be engaged in a game.
Children holding foreign banners standing in front of an older man and woman.
An older man sits on an ornate chair with a table in front of him.
Two men in a group of 4 people are looking up at a large soap bubble.
A crowd is enjoying an outdoor festival.
Two elderly woman, both in long-sleeve jackets with white hair, holding hands near wall with graffiti.
Two girls and three boys are sitting on a bench laughing.
The white dog is wading in the pond atop the mountain.
A small boy looking at a red wall
Asian women standing in front of a body of water and surrounded by trees with red leaves.
An Asian boy is leaning against a pole.
A ballerina teacher is showing a young girl how to position herself.
A boy reads at a desk in front of closed blinds.
People walking down the street past a Lounge &amp; Grill.
Two young kids are in a hut.
Young people are using computers next to each other.
Three men in a rustic cabin working with laptops.
A little boy is playing on a jungle-gym with a blue roof and a yellow tunnel.
Man reaching for something in a plastic container outside.
A white dog plays with a brown dog on carpet.
A boy playing in water.
A elderly man in a tan jacket is crossing a city street.
A family walks down a nature pathway pushing a small child in a red stroller.
A young boy holds a baby crocodile up to the camera.
Two women standing by a door behind another individual seated in a red chair.
People shopping in a market with lots of fruits.
A boy stands near water with a stone in his hand.
A young boy throwing a rock into a pond in front of a large building.
An old man plays guitar in front of a red bucket filled with money.
A seated, older woman finishing a painting of a group of African women.
A woman climbs up a steep rock face.
A black dog is running through a marsh-like area.
A man and some bicycles are in front of a large building.
A man wearing a grass skirt, is standing in the grass among a group of pigs on their backs near the coast.
A person climbing up a snowy mountain.
A woman wearing a veil is sitting in front of a blanket.
An older man sitting in front of a car.
A white dog with brown spots is jumping through the air.
A group of female dancers dancing on a stage.
A brown dog wearing a red vest is running in the grass.
A rodeo man is roping a calf during a competition.
The silhouette of three men are either standing or sitting in a boat at sea as the sun sets.
A man sits on a red sofa next to a cat.
Three children in bathing suits are playing in foam
A man repairing a sidewalk on a steep hill.
A man throwing or retrieving a line thrown into the water at the dock of a large boat.
A muddy jeep driving through the forest.
A man walks toward a garage, on a poorly lit road.
A mother and daughter standing in front of a graffiti covered wall.
A fluffy white dog looks down a steep, grassy embankment.
A large boat drives through the harbor.
Two babies are asleep in messy highchairs in front of CD shelves.
A falcon is perched on a girl's left arm as a man assists her and talks into a microphone.
Two soccer teams converge at the goal and the goalie reaches for the ball.
The child in the red jacket and orange mittens is sitting in the snow next to a shovel.
A group of people sit down at a table for a meal.
A woman sitting on the side of the rode selling bananas.
2 men are sitting down and drawing on either side of an easel in a room with a Christmas Tree.
There are people feeding sheep and a dog is herding them.
Five women in identical swimsuits hold on to a rope near the ocean.
A brown dog is sitting in the front of a canoe.
A brown and black dog leaps through the freshly mown grass.
An old man wearing glasses is praying with his beads while sitting down.
People hanging out on the beach in bathing suits and relaxing clothing.
A multi generation family having a meal at a restaurant.
There are several women, some wearing T-shirts with HSBC on them, at a food buffet.
Young girl hugging her red teddy bear.
Multiple children in bright colors are playing a game of musical chairs.
A nice neighborhood street in the beautiful green foothills.
White fluffy dog hangs out of the window of a turquoise building.
The dog is running in the grass next to the water.
A blond dog with floppy ears runs toward the camera.
A man holding a plastic bag is standing in a doorway.
Four people stand around near a blue fork lift.
A girls brown hair is thrashed by the wind.
A man with a striped shirt is on stage next to another person with a guitar.
A soccer player dressed in blue holding a soccer ball preparing to throw it.
A man wearing glasses plays a large brass instrument
A little girl peers out from a woven basket.
Pigeon staring at a woman in black boots sitting on a park bench reading a paper.
A little girl is sweeping a patio with a broom that is bigger than she is.
The man standing on the beam is wearing a white hard hat.
City performer, male, all dressed in black with cowboy hat playing guitar.
Construction worker on a beam helping guide the crane to place another beam in the right position.
Man in blue sweater measuring curved board.
A man walking in the side street with his head down.
Man on a beach with a baby
A smiling man with short brown hair in a black shirt with an open orange shoe box.
A lady is taking care of her child.
Two men acting out a scene in front of a small group of friends.
A woman wears an Egytian-like headdress.
Two young girls and an old man with gray hair and beard are opening Christmas presents.
Older woman in red sweeter is opening a gift.
A brown dog is laying on its back on a white carpet with a green ball on it.
One person is looking at a painting while another person is holding her hand up.
A hummer is driving through a mud puddle several feet deep.
A woman in a black shirt is cuddling a cat.
The lady is white is selling things on the street.
A dog and a cow are standing on a hillside.
Two young boys swimming in a pool of green water.
Two males are staring at a floating object.
A woman sites with her feet on the seats in a subway car.
Men playing with a red ring out in the field.
A boy running on a beach looking out at a city.
A man in black shorts is sliding on a tarp.
A young boy in a swimsuit and sandals is standing in a doorway.
Two kids are out in a small boat in the ocean with a larger boat in the background.
People are walking along the sidewalks of a brightly lit city.
A group of people are playing instruments.
An Asian woman in a black and white printed shirt sits by the side of a building.
A group of men dressed in Santa attired play music on a street corner.
A girl wearing a halter top eats cake at a table.
Construction worker leaning against under a crosswalk light.
A person is a red hat and winter jacket is looking into the distance.
A man of African descent stands atop a beam.
A crowd of suburban youth wait for a performance to begin.
A person is standing on a ladder, hanging wallpaper.
A few people park their boat at a dock.
Man sitting in a restaurant at a table.
A woman in an orange jersey is holding a football and being pursued by a woman in a blue t-shirt on a field.
A man with a backpack on filming something.
A black and white dog in a plaid coat is carrying a very long stick.
A smiling man standing on two scooters.
A white dog is airborne whilst catching a green toy.
A person with a skateboard is sitting on a bench.
The man in blue is punching the man with the red gloves while he blocks his face.
A man in a white shirt eating vegetables.
A woman holding a purse is walking in front of two doors.
A small child sleeding down a snowy hill wearing a blue helmet
A man plays an acoustic guitar for an audience inside a large yellow and white tent.
Four Walmart shoppers in a deep discussion in the grocery section.
Two people wearing backpacks and a woman in red shorts are standing on some large rock formations.
Hikers walking up red clay path.
A band performing in front of a group of fans.
A band playing in a pretty small venue.
A little boy is eating something and got it all over his mouth.
Band performing at a show.
Two men are singing in front of a small group of men wearing caps.
A monk shows visitors one of his possessions.
A male in his underwear is posing for a picture with two women in Time's Square.
Some men are standing by the side of the highway.
A person with a red hat stands in a pile of snow on the side of a road while traffic goes by.
A hiker in a red cap walking along a mountain path.
A man in a blue jacket stands on a dirt path in a forest full of trees and ferns.
A dog sitting in ice and snow.
A warmly dressed boy pretending an icicle is a gun.
A young man has fallen asleep outside while resting his head on his backpack.
A young child with snow on his face gets out of a blue sled.
Older man with glasses talking on the phone.
Two men, one dressed in red, white, and blue coat and the other dressed in a dark coat, walk down a cobblestone street.
Two men in black jackets walk down the street.
Child in orange jacket and a helmet playing in the snow.
A boy dives into a pool near a water slide.
A group of people standing on the steps of an old house.
An eccentrically dressed man and his dog are sitting on a bench with a guitar and harmonica.
A man playing a trumpet along side a woman playing a saxophone stand outside in pink hats.
This woman is laying on concrete.
A man with a red sweater with a paper badge looking down at something.
Four people are on a dock and two of them are sitting on railings.
A boy jumps into a pool while lifeguards watch.
A large group of people with pamphlets sitting in a auditorium.
A man with a guitar and a cowboy hat performs in front of a microphone.
Two country musicians jamming it up.
A man at a car lot is holding a pop and waiting for customers.
Two men work on a bicycle in a garage.
A woman and a child are outside of a Mcdonald's and there's a man seated inside with a drink.
A man watches a young child coloring with her crayola crayons.
A little girl in a red shirt playing on a jungle gym.
The baby is holding a Santa figurine.
Five children, two boys and three girls, with the girls wearing white scarves, sit on the pavement outside in front of a large window.
Christmas time in a city square full of people.
A woman in a green vest leans back with her eyes closed and mouth open.
A small child cries as the man in the white shirt holds him.
An adult is holding up a child who is trying to ice skate.
A man is sitting on a white lawn chair in front of a blue building.
Two dogs, one brown, the other black and white, are playing on a sidewalk.
A boy looks at a new toy during christmas
Four men walking down the street in all black robes.
A child with a yellow balloon walks through a fair.
A man is opening a present and posing with it for a picture.
Man opens gift of beer bottle pillow.
A bull rider is trying to stay on a bull at a rodeo.
The boy is jumping into a lake.
A young woman in a cupcake shirt unwraps a gift.
A girl walks next to a pool.
A young woman in a hat poses with a rooster.
Two young girls enjoying their day at the park with bubbles.
There is a person sitting on a plastic blow-up float in the high piled snow.
A person in a blue jacket stands along side crates and kegs on a busy Asian street.
An old lady wearing apron in her kitchen, smiling while spooning soup to another pan.
A girl in a blue bathing suit walks across the beach.
A woman is lying on her stomach on a white pillow and crying.
A little boy is throwing snow around outside.
A man wearing a black hat and coat makes a face with a crowd behind him.
Family gazes as newborn sleeps on the lap of the mother.
It's Christmas and its also snowing and there is a person jumping on top of a pole.
A woman and a girl ride a sled down a hill standing up.
A black dog carries an orange ball, walking on the ground covered in leaves.
A young boy and girl playing Pokemon.
Older person standing in the water holding on to a wooden stake.
An older man and woman are playing monopoly with children.
Two older children hold the hands of a younger child in goggles while jumping into a pool.
A woman and a child are standing next to a chalkboard on an easel.
A man plays an acoustic guitar on a subway platform.
A young boy is writing on a chalkboard.
A little girl is carefully coloring in the pictures of a coloring book.
A little girl has a pen sticking out of her nose.
A woman in a bridal dress is being walked in with a man in a skirt.
Two elderly women setting up dinner.
Woman in blue dress dancing in front of a crowd.
A male toddler colors a picture with a green crayon and a dimly-lit restaurant.
The baby is wearing a bib and sitting in an adult'
Three casually dressed men in a yard smiling.
A golden dog is jumping in an attempt to catch a ball.
Dog jumping looking up and small white ball in air passed by
A man with glasses replaces a watch battery while another man watches him.
A young woman and some friends at a party.
A man sitting at a dining table, wearing a striped shirt, is eating a salad and having a glass of red wine.
Woman in yellow costume smiling.
A woman is reading a piece of paper aloud as a man stands behind her.
Two men posing for a picture while drinking beer.
Man with glasses holding boy upside down outside in a stone-filled yard.
People at work in the lounge.
A bunch of guys watching something on a computer screen.
A group of firefighters are gathered in the street.
A woman with luggage walks along a street in front of a large advertisement.
A man holds a dog and a beer while sitting in a floral armchair.
A woman in pajamas and a man smiling in a hallway.
Some women are putting candles on a cake made of Marshmallow Peeps.
Two kids are looking through a window with an adult in the back.
A woman at a restaurant eating a dish of food.
A police officer is talking with the driver of the pale yellow car while three other officers stand nearby.
A young boy in a dental examination.
College kids crowded around an apartment table eating with paper plates and cups.
One person is feeding a pink peep to another person.
Two white dogs are walking through deep white snow.
A black-haired man standing next to a podium made of wood and plastic.
A group of people enjoys their company with liquor.
A dog leaps off a dock and into the water.
As a spectator watches, a man is jumping over a body of water that is in a field of dead grass, with dead trees in the background.
A man wearing a hat is driving a car.
A woman wearing a white-hooded sweatshirt checks the blood pressure of a man in a yellow shirt.
A group of six friends are relaxing in the dining area.
A young boy wearing a t-shirt and jeans is walking in a grassy field.
A boy in a blue shirt sheep wrestling with a rodeo clown in the background.
Workers dressed in jackets and white helmets entering a work location.
White fluffy dog kissing sheep through a fence.
The professor reading the names of students who have passed the exam.
A young dancer holds a pose in an open field.
A woman in a white dress is dancing on the beach.
A surfer riding a wave in the ocean.
A diagram of a hand is displayed on a wall, behind which a woman studies.
A woman is looking out the window up at the sky.
A group of people sits around a table, raising their glasses.
Two people are in a canoe on a river in misty conditions.
An older woman with latex gloves and man holding a plastic bag in a fish market in a foreign country.
A crosscountry skier with a backpack skies across a snow covered hillside.
The girl in pink with the unusual hair and makeup stands our on the crowded escalator.
Two girls wearing hats are running through snow drifts outside.
Four people are sitting around a kitchen counter while one is drinking from a glass.
Women standing in front of a ATM machine at a casino.
A woman in a white shirt sits in front of a slot machine.
Soccer players are shaking each others hands on the soccer field.
A referee is talking with a couple of soccer players in red jerseys.
Many men play soccer, while a crowd watches.
A young boy standing in a dilapidated school room with the chalkboard and a broken desk in the background.
Man in working clothes operates a rotating drum.
A woman in maroon is running by other people dressed in running clothes
Two men are watching others on a beach shore.
Two soccer teams getting ready for penalties after a goaless draw in a match in london, england.
Two soccer players walk on the soccer field.
A girl wearing a pink coat and red hat walks down a gravel path.
Standing next to a fence, people gather to look out towards the water below.
A black dog is trying to run with its legs buried in the snow.
A person in a black jacket is snowboarding during the evening.
An old man hauling his wares in the back of a tricycle
Two women wearing traditional African garb passing in front of a run-down building.
Three dogs are running across snow with a tire track in it.
The children take turns riding the minerature pony with an adult supervising.
A little girl wearing a white shirt puts her hand into the water of a fountain.
Blond-haired male looking straight at the camera while coworker makes food.
A man is sitting in a boat on the shore with the lake in the background.
Brick layers constructing a wall.
A man in a black hat and black coat is standing next to a woman wearing a blue scarf.
2 little girls made paper plate snowmen.
A man and a woman are sitting on a yellow couch laughing under a yellow comforter with white daisies.
Three children are playing in a water fountain.
A woman dressed in white using a rope to pull a black carved wooden bear on a cart.
A beautiful photograph of a church at sunset with birds flying overhead and orange-red sky
A boy and a girl bouncing on a ball
A skier out enjoying the slopes on a crisp, cool day.
A bike sits atop a rise with mountains in the background.
A little boy using a blue toilet.
Two children, one in red, one in black, slide down a snow covered hill as they laugh.
Two workers in yellow vests try to fix something.
An Asian man wearing thick white gloves, talking on a cellphone, and working on something.
Two men are riding scooters through a room.
There are two people, a man and a woman, sitting on a bus.
Children jump and play in a bouncy house.
Person holding a Frisbee with a white dog jumping for it on a road.
People engaged trying out new technology.
A man squats near a fire and holds something into it.
A woman stands behind an outdoor grill with a blue basket of food in her hands.
Two white dogs are running on the grass.
Blue race car riding on dirt path with onlookers.
A man riding a bicycle down the street is pulling a large bundle in a cart behind him.
A man and woman are talking to each other.
A grocery store clerk is checking out groceries being bought be a woman with an injured hand.
A man in a red hoodie laying down in the grass.
A person in a snow jacket is shoveling snow.
Various people in swimsuits and shorts climb large rocks near the water.
A little boy with a firefighter hat on using a saw to cut the stem of a flower.
Local villagers are preparing for a fishing trip on this gorgeous fishing boat.
Four shirtless men, hard at work, on a scaffold.
Child wearing fireman's hat sits on ground next to man holding a handsaw.
There is a man with glasses and a hat wearing a black suit jacket indoors.
Lady walking past a man on a bench who is watching her.
Two men in hard hats inside a structure look at a yellow tractor.
A smiling worker, in a cowboy hat, doing masonry.
A woman in a yellow bikini top and sunglasses in a crowd of people on a boardwalk.
Woman dressed in red standing in front of air force men standing in the background.
A man stands in front of a fallen down building.
People are dressed in costumes while on a boardwalk.
A boy is leaning on a chair whilst another boy pulls him around with a rope.
Little girl in a blue dress riding a red toy tractor.
The brown dog is running through the snow
Local villagers going home after a day of harvesting crops.
A kid is looking through blinds at a truck outside.
A boy does a cannonball into a pool while a girl watches.
A tan animal is being swatted in the face by a brown and white bull.
A small child looks through coin-operated binoculars next to a body of water.
This is a child in a snowy landscape sledding down a hill.
Two dogs playing keep-away with red toy on blue string.
A red-cheeked, white-bearded man smiles as he stands at an arrangement of colorful arrangement of baskets and decorations.
Three children are playing at a sprinkler park.
A boy wearing a red shirt dumps water out of a yellow bucket onto a girl's head.
Two women in black jackets reading a magazine and smiling.
A group of friends are getting ready to go skiing.
People are skiing down a snow covered mountain.
A boy snow tubing on a green, blue, and yellow colored tube.
Five individuals holding instruments and practicing music together next to a building.
Here is a picture of a man pole dancing in front of his friends at a house party.
A brown dog and two white dogs are bounding after a ball.
Three people take a lift up the mountain in the ski resort of Adirondack express.
A little girl in blue panes dances on the grass.
A young man wearing a hood standing in a swampy area holding a camera.
Two adolescence are making their way through woods.
An extreme biker, wearing a red and white jacket, is flying through the air on a red bike.
A bald, older man playing with a dog.
A young blond boy is eating a banana while an elderly woman in the background watches.
Two young girls are going swimming near mountains capped with snow.
Two ladies wearing medical mask working in a food factory.
Person doing a dance on the ocean.
Two blond women are posing in front of the camera with a large green toy.
A man and a woman laugh together.
An infant napping in it's crib in pajamas.
A child in a martial arts uniform is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread.
Little boy in his bathing suit tentatively preparing to step in the rocky-lined stream.
People gather in an gymnasium for an assembly.
A brown dog is running down a slope while a man follows beside him.
A group of people at a table with glasses of beer smiling.
A small black dog growling at a large brown and white cow.
A small girl with a necklace is swimming.
The greyhound dogs are racing along a dirt path with buildings nearby.
Three men stand outside a restaurant smoking and conversing.
A man flips barbecue chicken legs while another chef watches.
A S.C.U.B.A. diver swims in deep blue water.
A man is rowing on his boat through very still water.
A little boy in a red shirt holding a superman produce and staring at an older man.
Three people walking through a ravine between two rocky cliffs.
The older woman is talking to the child.
A group of people is sharing a meal at a large table at a restaurant.
A brown dog is about to jump.
A worker actively engaged in welding two pieces of railing together.
Two men giving a medical seminar, to a small crowd.
A dog swims in the aqua water.
A little girl reads a book in a bed.
Two blond-hair girl eating and one is using chopsticks.
School children chase some pigeons.
A child is sitting in a large round white seat, reading, near a pink bin full of books.
The girl eating spaghetti is wearing a red jacket.
The brown dog with a red bandanna is sitting with its paws up on the computer.
A person crouches at the end of a dock on a lake.
A dark-haired man in a black uniform is speaking to a man wearing a black jacket and black helmet on a motorbike.
A man trying to jump into a floaty in beautiful water.
A few people, mostly girls, sit around a table at a very fancy event as they get their pictures taken.
A girl dressed in a pink shirt, jeans, and flip-flops sitting down playing with a lollipop machine.
Three men wearing yellow are standing among roadside construction, one of the men is in a hole.
A group of gay men at a event.
A girl is riding a bike on the street while wearing a red helmet.
Newlywed couple sharing a kiss.
Two men wearing yellow and orange vests working by a highway exit sign.
Dog climbing on stuffed animals indoors, background TV shows breaking news.
White man with American Flag cape and glasses stands in a group of people
A man in a sweatshirt eating a sandwich.
A man standing in a suit wearing glasses while holding a piece of paper inside a tent.
Highway workers checking on roadwork.
A young woman in a white Dior t-shirt lifting a silverware drawer in a kitchen.
A woman is balancing several items on her head that are in bags.
A group of children wearing false noses pose for a camera shot.
A young girl wearing green is playing outside.
A group of children sit together and work on arts and crafts.
Man in yellow shirt and jeans laying on the pavement.
A crowd enjoying a musical band outdoors on a beautiful day.
Several people waiting to play musical instruments
A young girl dressed in a purple leotard, practicing on a gymnastics balance beam.
A little baby cries in his moms arms.
A view from under a table of a young boy laying in an older person's lap.
A woman is feeding two babies.
A white and brown dog is catching a red ball in its mouth.
A man is standing a watching people on the street.
A group of young girls are running in a field.
A small boy in an orange hat running.
A dog runs on wet sand as a man in yellow pants walks further back.
The boy in the red shirt is next to a blue wall.
A person in sarong walks toward several blue outdoor umbrellas while carrying a tan bag.
A dog runs through the woods near a cottage.
A black dog with white paws is jumping on hay bales.
A man appears to be sleeping in a warehouse of chickens.
A boy runs past a group of people with balloons in a race.
View of a passenger train through some leafless tree limbs.
A boy and a girl with a stuffed pink bear walk along the sidewalk.
People skiing down a slope.
Young boy wearing a hood, smiling and hiding behind a tree.
One is running after a frisbee with another individual riding piggyback.
Soccer players warming up on the field before a game.
Two children playing in a river near a wooden bridge.
A man and woman holding hands are jumping into the water.
The man is playing with the shaggy little dog.
A man is looking on as another man attempts to climb a small boulder with his dirt bike.
An older couple are standing by a Fairway shopping cart.
A person covered partially with a pink blanket sleeps as a gray and white cat sleeps on the floor nearby.
Dogs racing at the racetrack.
Little boy in blue shirt and gray shorts running at a park.
Two sisters on a country road chasing sheep.
Two ladies on a sidewalk in a town and one is checking her camera.
A group of young people are playing in falling snow.
A young man wearing a pink and white striped shirt is sitting next to a young man wearing a brown shirt.
Two men are sitting on a couch.
A man with black hair and wearing a green shirt is scratching his head.
A man is playing the keyboard and singing into a microphone while a young boy watches.
A person swinging on a swing
A man with long hair riding a bicycle gives the peace sign.
A young man with dreadlocks jumps high in the air near a wall.
A boy wears a wetsuit at the beach.
A group of men are standing in lines with their guns on their side.
Woman and man looking at something funny on a laptop screen.
A group of mostly nude children playing on a bridge over some water.
A man sitting on a boat being watched by police officers.
A man sits and drinks a drink with other people in the background.
A group of people are crossing a river
A woman wading through a pool in front of a waterfall.
Three boys play football in the grass.
A old lady with a cane is crossing the street in the rain.
Two people are enjoying a scenic view from a park bench.
A group of people are jumping into the air with their arms held high.
A messy haired girl in a club.
A redheaded child sits looking through a railing at the water while people play on the beach in a distance.
Two people working together serving food at a restaurant.
A young boy and girl play together in the sand.
A female tennis player on a blue court prepares to hit the ball.
A tennis player in a pink outfit serves the ball to her opponent.
A woman crosscountry skiing, with a brown dog.
Two kids are photographed playing soccer in a field.
Cabins in winter surrounded by people enjoying the white powder.
The girl in the brown shirt is hanging onto a blue pole.
Two girls on a tandem bicycle, looking at wall art.
A woman wearing a white sun visor is playing tennis.
A man examines a bike during a yard sale.
A man in a suit and an officer smile for the camera.
A young man with a green shirt plays a blue guitar.
Two dogs play out in the snow covered grass.
Two older men in front of a bus.
A man in red shirt wearing sunglasses is leaning on the wall
A boy is aiming a bow and arrow at a target.
A man wearing a black hat walks along a road next to a building.
The baby is holding someone's arm.
A man and a woman are sitting at a table with jars of beer and cigarettes.
Two men, one playing a bagpipe and one adjusting the bagpipe.
The large brown dog is walking through water in the ocean.
Woman in a blue raincoat walking in front of a cement wall.
The little girl is riding her red scooter.
Tennis player trying to reach the ball.
A female tennis player is standing with her feet apart on a court.
A woman is holding a baby by a window.
A man climbs a steep rock wall using safety ropes.
A man reaches high to help him during his rock climb.
A brown dog is running through an obstacle course.
A young girl is sliding down a snowbank.
A man jumps off a ramp on a snowboard.
A shirtless man with sunglasses looks at the camera during a beach party.
A group of women and children stand together beside a vehicle and a river.
A brown dog with green collar holding a stick in its mouth.
A girl in a blue jacket stands in front of a drab crowd while they watch something.
A dog runs across the grassy field.
A person walks with an artistic contraption in front of the Ocean Blue Company.
A DJ standing under some bright lights with an advertisement.
A lady wearing green and white shorts and top is on the beach clapping her hands.
A dog is playing with a football in the snow.
A child in a USA jacket shovels snow off the stairs in front of a house.
A child wearing red striped pajamas is smiling.
A woman helps a boy to do the monkey bars.
A man is playing a guitar.
A man in a beard and glasses sings along as he plays his ukulele.
Eight people sitting down at a table indoors for refreshments.
Three girls sing and one girl plays the guitar on a stage in front of a small crowd.
Young blond woman with red beads, gray sweatshirt marked GONTAGA.
A person in safety orange clothing is lying atop an open manhole.
Photographers are taking pictures in a building.
A man with a beard and a blue shirt plays a guitar.
Boy wearing a green and white soccer uniform running through the grass.
A man that is not wearing a shirt is brushing his teeth.
A group of people sit outside during a barbecue.
A young blond women and a man waiting to cross the street.
A child plays with books on the floor.
A shirtless man shaves outside a garage while someone to the side holds up a mirror for him to see from.
A group of people are organizing their chinese lanterns.
The surfer is wearing a black bodysuit while picking up her board.
Two people stand near a red wheelbarrow.
Several people stand outside near metallic objects including a few posts.
A woman looking at the daytime sky through a telescope that's on a tripod.
A young boy in a bathing suit launches into the air over water while an older man looks on.
A gentlemen dressed nicely looking at something on his desk.
Young girl eating a bowl of cereal out of a big white bowl.
A man barbecues chicken on a grill.
A black dog is attempting to catch a thrown object that is red.
An elderly woman sweeping outside on a sunny day
A girl in a frilly pink dress, dancing on grass.
A little girl in a floury, pink jacket, picks out a fruit from a vendors table.
A man wearing an apron stands before some food and holds a blue container.
Young boy wearing a yellow shirt jumps onto the brown couch.
A child wearing goggles and wrapped in a towel is crying in front of a pool.
A woman with a white glove and several others.
A man in a cap and blue shirt pretends to choke a girl.
A blond girl wearing Groucho Marx glasses.
An adult is assisting a child in the act of ice-skating.
Kids in a locker room at school getting ready for a play.
A woman with light brown hair sits across a man with short medium brown hair.
A small child jumps high above a sandy field.
A person wearing a wetsuit is surfing on a white surfboard.
Person riding bicycle down dirt hill in wooded area
A little girl in pajamas takes a picture with a camera
A man smiling and tying and apron.
A man is pushing a cart with wooden barrels across an empty street.
A man on a boat that is standing and paddling on a river.
A woman spikes a volleyball as the opposing player tries to block the ball.
An old man playing the violin is being watched by a child.
Bridesmaids in gold dresses and others watch as a man in a suit hula hoops.
This is our break fast time and we are posing for the photo.
A man and woman sit at a table inside a fast food restaurant.
An older woman in a white shirt holds a red bag behind some glass.
The white dog ran across the tile floor.
The helmeted boy is doing a stunt on a skateboard.
Two men are in a small boat and spraying water at something.
Two men in shorts and flip-flops walking in front of the Farmer's Market.
A boy wearing winter clothing in an igloo
A girl is climbing a rock while someone is filming her.
The blue team, Mustangs, are on a fast break, and are likely hoping to capitalize with some points.
A black dog is running across a field.
A policeman on a white horse are patrolling the streets of the city.
Two women wearing scarves are waiting to cross the street.
A woman wearing black addresses a group of people in a tiled room.
A woman and a young girl are sitting together at a table, playing Monopoly.
A lady with long hair and a hat walks down a sloping sidewalk paved with stone.
The child wearing the green shirt is on the beach talking with some people.
A group of people are walking towards the water on a beach.
Children are listening to a man in a blue shirt.
A group of people looking at a field of greenery.
A little boy trying to brush a woman's hair.
Large group of individuals sits around as a man in a light colored polo speaks in front of a large wooden building.
Musicians gather in a classroom to play guitar and other instruments.
A boy wearing shorts, t-shirt, flip-flops and a backward hat is sitting in a folding chair, fishing off a wooden pier.
A little girl in a pink cardigan is jumping from the couch.
A gathering of people around two long tables set with different colored bowls and plates.
A female is working in a laboratory with science equipment.
Dancers, in front of the Costa Rican flag, are finishing their performance.
A young girl with her hair standing up.
A group of young Middle Eastern kids posing for the picture
Man in glasses wearing flannel is in class, writing.
A man wearing a seat belt and sunglasses rests his head at an angle inside a vehicle.
Young man in white long-sleeved shirt standing in front of mountains on a cloudy day.
A woman holding and posing an infant dressed in a hawaiin shirt on a skateboard.
A woman talking to people sitting around her.
A man with glasses in a black shirt playing the drums.
A man playing a orange colored guitar.
A man in a white shirt hugs a girl with blond-hair on the subway.
The saxophone player is performing on the street corner.
A group of people are outside walking through a village street.
Person looking out over the ocean in awe.
A woman in a red jacket and orange glasses is jogging.
Waiting for her scores after her tumbling routine is completed.
Arms of fans lifted to band members as they play guitars and sing in low light.
Four men in orange vests work on a road at night.
A woman and child ride a teeter-taughter in a park.
Construction workers at a construction site.
An older gentleman stands along the shore of an immense lake with a cityscape across the water.
A woman with an umbrella following a car on a billboard.
Little boy in yellow shirt is climbing out of a plastic playground tunnel.
A man is loading Vons shopping carts onto a truck.
A kid walks on a snowy hill with their arms out.
A large dog stands in the water.
A lady in a black coat and a gray scarf is carrying shopping bags.
A mother is reaching down for her child on a sidewalk.
Two Chicago police officers are talking, while viewing a work site from above.
A man is playing his guitar at Joe's Cafe.
Women are shopping at an outdoor market with oranges on display.
A little girl sits in a highchair, looking unhappy.
A man walking toward a bicycle chained to a post in front of a large window in the early evening.
Woman sweeps the area in front of a store.
A man operates a piece of machinery as another worker in an orange vest watches.
A man with a beard and long hair plays the guitar.
A young boy walking in the park dressed in dark clothes and dark cap.
People sit at the outdoor tables under a brown awning in a rural setting.
A woman wearing a pink crash helmet has a tattoo of a native American on her shoulder.
Construction workers work on an old building.
Four dogs play with each other and with sticks.
An Asian woman is posing on the pier near a boat on the water.
A man in a blue shirt is watching three trucks that are being swept away by flood waters.
A man riding a bike in front of a building.
A black and brown dog jumping in midair near a field.
A man is standing in the Tourist-Info store.
Some people in desert garb are standing on and next to rugs and cloth.
Black dog in the yard at night.
A man wearing a dark blue hat sits on the ground and leans against a building.
A black cat hugging a white and gray dog.
A man is playing the guitar while another man plays the drums in front of a crowd of people.
Child wearing a red shirt sits on a rock in the water.
A group of people in silhouette play on a beach as the surf rolls in.
A young girl plays in her pink toy kitchen.
A well dressed, dark-haired, dark-skinned young man wearing earbuds sits and rests against a tree.
A black dog chases a boy wearing red and blue.
Two big dogs wade in the ocean
Man on a pier looks at two dogs standing in shallow water.
Two women in white headscarves read a text message in front of a busy store.
Two young men wearing matching clothing smiling.
A brown and white dog running in a field of grass.
A man is touching a large metal structure.
Young men wave flags in a crowd outside of a glassy building.
A male is holding several Tehelka newspapers about a murder.
African American man with shopping bag standing in a blue phone booth.
Man with a painted white face blowing a whistle.
Man wearing a red shirt is waiting in line at a restaurant.
A black and brown dog running in a field
A man in a black jacket is holding a little girl's hand while walking down the city street
A woman with a blue shirt is reading to her son.
A handicapped person with one leg skiing down a mountain with other mountains in the background.
Man with rickshaw bike full of ripe bananas.
A man is standing on a street in the rain, he is holding an umbrella.
People working in a kitchen preparing food.
Two young children skate across the ice holding hockey sticks.
Two surfers walk along a rock wall to reach the waves.
A man in a tropical enviorment holding a camera to his face.
A group of people sitting around on a couch, one holding a cat.
Three men are standing outside and one is holding a shovel full of dirt.
Three construction workers working on something.
Two people hang from safety ropes over a giant cliff.
Two women and a man smile for the camera.
A man lays on a wood ramp while another holds a fishing pole.
Two kids playing with each other outside.
A group of people wearing jackets are gathered on the sidewalk.
A group of men are planting a tree.
A group and men and women are planting a leafless tree.
Two men move dirt around a young tree.
Two young women standing outside a blue door, one smoking a cigarette.
Hockey players waiting to start playing the game.
A fireman on a ladder fixing a telephone pole with flames in the background.
Old hands are working on a task.
A man and woman dressed in punk rock style clothing are seen crossing the street during the daytime.
A woman in a gas mask is using a sewing machine.
A brown and white dog is walking up snowy steps.
Commuters on a train going to work
A woman in a purple dress plays with her hair while waiting in a lobby.
Baby in the water being held up by an adult's arms.
A crowd of people standing next to a seafood stand.
A child is wearing jeans and a white sweater.
A little girl in a pink hat is in a lush green field walking an ox.
A man examining something under a magnifying lens.
A child poses in the snow holding a partially formed piece of snow.
A young girl in a flowery dress surrounded by watermelons
Group of children and adults ride bicycles on a dirt road in the woods.
A woman wearing all blue hits a ball very hard while playing tennis.
Toddler boy wearing airplane shirt, in stroller with large beads.
A man working on a steam engine with a water tower in the background.
A couple sits to watch the sunset from a bridge.
A man dressed in black is standing above a white dog.
A young boy in a blue shirt releases his bowling ball down the lane in a bowling alley.
A young boy in pajamas sleeps on a couch.
Two bald men on a park bench wearing small yellow traffic cones.
A man is walking his horse on a racetrack.
A light brown dog jumping over a hurdle that has fire on each end.
A dog jumps through a black hulahoop.
A bearded Caucasian male is standing in a black suit with a purple tie.
A bald man is cooking on a stove, throwing a stabbed fish in a pan.
A large brown dog standing on his hind legs next to a woman.
A man riding a bus passes a man on the sidewalk.
A man in an orange vest and a cap stands outside a ladies' bathroom.
Two boys in running clothes stretching.
A man in a chef uniform cooking in a restaurants kitchen.
Three men talking to each other and drinking.
A young Jewish boy sits in a chair at a party.
A person crouches under a yellow umbrella on the beach.
Young girls are running along in a park.
A group of women is standing around outside talking.
An older man wearing a brown jacket and a hat stands outside and reaches into his pocket.
Two young women are reading from a paper into a microphone.
Many people talking and eating at an event during the day.
A woman in a red apron cooking in the kitchen.
A man and a woman show support for the campaign of Mike Huckabee as they hold up a sign.
A early-bald man puts on a carved wooden mask.
A baby is playing with a long bead necklace on the floor.
A mother and son are sitting together on a bed.
A man carries a picket sign that resembles a restaurant menu, while a woman in a pink, printed sweatshirt gives an exaggerated pout.
A woman in a black shirt and red apron is preparing food.
Two woman wearing dresses are standing outside on the grass while one of them is holding a cup and saucer.
Two people dressed up having a conversation in front of a table.
An elderly woman and another younger woman greeting each other.
Men and women outside holding hands to form circles.
A brown dog is sitting near a large rock.
Two People enjoy the Ocean while under an umbrella.
A man in white wearing a Yarmulke is in front of a microphone with several other men in the background.
Several people selecting food and desert items from an outdoor buffet.
Two women, one in white-rimmed sunglasses and a green skirt, the other in a longer navy skirt, converse with each other.
A female is standing with two males talking to them.
Man about to hit a tennis ball with 3 seconds left.
A man in glasses relaxing with his feet up.
A man and woman are at the ruins reading a guidebook.
A baby with two fingers up its nose, covered in chocolate pudding
A man wearing a black and white jump suite is jogging down a road.
Two men working on laptops in front of an ornate fireplace.
A man wearing a tracksuit is standing against a pole while other people sit, listening to something through earphones.
Many dogs race around the track.
A small nude black child is standing on the beach with his feet barely in the water.
A woman is talking on her cellphone outside.
A woman in a public place wearing a yellow tank top holding a bottle of water looking over her shoulder
A beautiful sunset with three people in a boat on the lake.
The man is climbing up a steep snowy mountain.
A group of band members are performing on the streets of another country.
The dogs are playing with a tennis ball in the yard.
Tired from reading his book, a young man in a striped shirt takes a nap in the library.
A small dog on a chain leash stands in a shadowed hallway alone.
Four people are in some type of cement building with the number 93 painted on the wall.
Lille boy standing behind a glass door wearing a red hat and black jacket with a woman standing just out of his sight on the sidewalk.
Bike riders pass an ornate building with a clock.
A man with glasses and a red backpack standing in front of a brick wall
Riding a red motorcycle, with appropriate equipment.
Two men gather in the lobby of a building.
Two people are walking in a desert.
A man sprays a cement truck with a hose at a curbside as a man walks by.
A man shovels snow in front of a house.
An older man wearing a winter coat and jeans stands in front of a large, wheeled flower cart.
The young basketball player moves into the front court.
Scantily clad woman in black waits in a restaurant with other patrons.
The lady in pink is walking past someone holding flowers.
A few men are sitting on chairs and standing under a large red umbrella.
A woman is selling vegetables on the street.
A guy wearing a parka is walking on an empty sidewalk.
A girls soccer team goes into a huddle.
Two men are sawing a board of wood trying to complete their project, while one of those two men smokes a cigarette.
A man carries a tray of glasses.
A bald man running on a treadmill in a white shirt and striped shorts.
Group of men grinding stone in poor conditions.
Two men in a garage are fixing the engine of a car.
A surfer by a bridge in foggy conditions
A young girl is sliding down a snow slope in a red sled.
A local artist expresses herself on a wall at the side of a street.
One woman painting the other one's face for a carnival.
A woman pulls an inflatable boat into the water.
A woman holding a water bottle is running on the beach.
Many people of Indian descent wearing bright, colorful clothing &amp; walking up steep flights of stairs.
A big black dog carries a blue ball while two Corgis run at his side.
A little boy is watching a palace guard stand outside a little black hut.
Two dogs are playing in the white snow.
Two middle-aged men play guitar on a stage.
An old woman walking along a sidewalk with buildings that are littered with graffiti.
Some kids wearing white and red are playing soccer.
A man in an apron stands in a kitchen working an industrial mixing bowl.
A group of people are outside a brick building.
A view of a European cityscape full of many passersby.
A boy with a red backpack walking along a trail.
A woman with a panda hat and headphones is in front of a man outside in the snow.
Guy jumping in front of some interesting wall art.
A toddler shovels a snowy driveway with a bright orange shovel.
A young man with a happy expression is tossing bits of colored paper into the air.
A man in a plaid shirt is throwing a hatchet at a wall in his garage.
Man, son, and vendor smile while holding souvenir magazines.
A beautiful view of the mountains on a snowy day.
A German shepherd is playing with a red ball.
One boy and a girl dressed in snowsuits, jumped in air with hands raised in lots of snow.
A man beige shirt having a drink.
A young in a white dress standing in front of a fence and fountain.
A man is holding a dish of squid.
A butcher cutting fish to be sold at the market
Dog trotting with a rubber duck in its mouth
A group of young adults gathers around on the floor to play a complex board game.
Two dogs fight over a stick in a flooded field.
A mom and son enjoying a day in the park.
People walk along on the street.
A sky-view at a diner overlooking the people in the booths.
A boy is feeding birds in a park.
Two men and two women standing at the window of a ticket booth.
A beautiful day to lay by the Ocean, waiting for the waves.
Four bicyclists ride along a dirt road between two wire fences.
Young girl practicing her pan flipping skills.
A man sits ourdoors next to cardboard boxes and plays an instrument.
Workers wearing hard hats and face masks process waste.
A child in red jumps on a red object while others laugh.
A woman reads a book in a subway station.
A woman in a red sports-bra runs on the sidewalk past a brick fence.
A girl with dyed red-hair wearing striped clothing talking on a cellphone.
A person stands between two giant statues that look like faces.
A priest rubs a cross on a man's forehead.
A man leads a caravan of six camels and their riders up a sandy hill, with rocky mountains in the background.
An elderly person is crouched down and holding a cane.
Painters in red overalls painting a large door from blue to gray.
A man shaving another man in a barber shop.
A crowd of young people in winter clothing, waiting for the train.
The dog walks through the cold water.
A white dog jumps up to catch a soccer ball in landscaped grassy yard.
A man wearing a dark top and white pants lies down in the shade on park bench.
Adults in winter jackets and hats swing brooms at a little yellow ball while a black dog looks on.
The man and the woman are sitting at a table.
Children play basketball on a court.
Several women sitting in chairs in front of a wall of mirrors.
A caravan of green and red vehicles going up a mountain.
A man dressed in winter clothes is on the beach wiht a dog.
A toddler poses in front of a computer at a business office.
A sculptor in a blue sweater chiseling a piece of stone.
A woman tries to cross the road before a man on a red scooter.
An elderly woman is looking at a teenage boy
A large group of people dressed casually gather to dance.
An older man with glasses fixing a toy firetruck while an baby girl plays with it.
A woman on a cellphone walks up the steps of the underground with another passenger close behind.
A man selling or buying oranges on a cart in an outside supermarket.
A boy in red jumps backward onto the sand at a playground.
A boy jumps on the bright colored pillows.
A brown dog and a spotted dog squabble over a dog toy.
Man in a sweater learning to knit.
Female sign holders take refuge under umbrellas during a rainstorm.
A group of women are sitting around tables.
A group of women are sitting near each other and knitting.
Several woman are conversing around a table.
A white dog in a black coat is standing in the snow.
A group of people are visiting in a dark lit room.
Three females are hanging while the other three females are walking away.
A single man drinking a mug of green liquid
A group of people at a party with two cakes on the table.
Many old females are performing arts and crafts.
A crowd of people are in the streets and some have torches.
A couple of people have finished shoveling a path.
Men working along side a fish and chips restaurant with a dump truck.
A man is watching his young daughter's reaction to a homemade birthday cake.
People running and walking in and out of a small farm town.
A man dressed in black walks on an icy sidewalk
A little girl in a brown top and pink pants is balancing a bowl with plants in it on her head.
A group of people standing in the street.
A hold man in green jacket reads a book along a dirt trail.
A young boy holding a basketball about to shoot.
Six small children in coats are gathered around a food cart selling chestnuts for 2.00 Euros.
A construction worker overseeing someone digging with a machine.
A bunch on people are seated in a stadium.
The images aren't showing up, so I 'm going to assume the picture is lovely.
Two boys eating apples playing on a cement car barrier
Boy with a painted face is walking around a track.
A band is on stage playing music, led by a man wearing a suit.
A woman is seen reading through a subway window.
Young girl in pink dress plays with boy and a ball
Several people dressed in blue, one is twirling a ribbon
Two dogs are playing with a tennis ball in snow near a tree.
A black man standing alone outside in a long overcoat.
A girl is smiling as a motorcycle with two adults and a child pass by behind here.
A young boy washing a window.
Woman in pink top riding a bicycle along side a man jogging along the waterfront.
A Mom and a kid on the beach with sailboats in the background.
A man reads an advertisement at a bus stop, while another man sits on a bench.
Two boy scouts filling bucket with water from a sink
A male dressed in a white shirt with white shorts paints a white wall black.
An older couple enjoying a Christmas meal.
There are two guys playing guitar hero at a public place.
Little boy in a green sweatshirt playing with his toy train.
Woman on the street window shops in front of the store, Louis Vuitton.
Six people are attempting to move a car on a snowy street.
A man in a blue sweater is playing a sporting game on the Wii!
Two girls playing instruments in a group.
A man stands on the rocky ledge of a large cliff.
Looking down on someone climbing a cliff over water.
A man handling a gold vase type object with 2 others looking on.
A mother pulls her daughter on a sled in the snow.
Three people in skiing gear are standing behind a "no skiing" sign.
A small group of people are standing talking to each other outside.
A woman wearing a visor is playing a piano outdoors.
A blond-haired boy is looking at an odd looking humanoid robot.
Someone dangles on a rope from a rocky cliff over the ocean.
A rock climber with a white helmet is repelling.
A dog bounding across the sandy landscape in front of people watching.
A young boy weating blue shorts and cleats holding a football running from other boys.
The collie is standing outdoors on a sandy area.
Group of girls hanging out on a wet sandy beach.
A young boy tosses his ball in the air outside.
A young man watches a little girl walking in the grass.
Two dolphins jumped out of the water in this zoo.
A woman wearing a red hat and black coat.
Two young girls exercising to keep up with playing soccer.
Little girl kicking rocks on the beach with her dog.
Three children jumping while an older man watches from a row of chairs nearby.
A young man plucking on his guitar in a waiting room.
Two peoplw with top of heads on grass.
Three dogs playing in a yard together.
Some people looking out windows in a large building.
A small boy in black is surfing.
Two gray dogs run together over the green grass.
The German Shepherd is walking in the body of water.
A young boy is on the back of another person whom is wearing a hat.
A singer and two guitarists are playing on a colorfully lit stage.
An older gentleman wearing an elaborate headdress holding a white dog that has had its fur dyed several colors.
A dog carries a stick through the woods.
Two dogs, one large and one small, are playing together in the grass.
Four people riding on the subway.
A bald man sitting on a stage playing a guitar.
A man in a blue and white shirt is siting.
A group of campers is eating dinner near their fire.
The girl is playing along with the images on the big screen.
A brown and black dog is chasing a black dog in the snow.
A red-haired male is shaving his face.
Several people are walking on a rainy busy street in Asia with clear umbrellas.
A girl is playing a video game on a life sized screen.
A man is standing in front of a building holding heart shaped balloons and a woman is crossing the street.
A shirtless man works at a construction site.
A man without a shirt on is doing work on the side of a building.
A photographer is standing with a boy and his photography equipment.
A large dog runs through a field with a smaller dog.
A man wearing a welding helmet welding steel.
A brown and black dog walks in the white snow.
A woman and a little girl pose for a picture with a llama atop a hillside.
A shirtless, bearded and mustached man peers through a home's doorway while a cat sits on the bottom step of the entrance to the home.
A donkey pulling a car with a man on it
A pale boy playing in a pit of blue balls.
A foreign lady gathering vegetables.
A dog runs in the snow, a fence in the background.
A young boy smiling and holding sandals.
A gloved man is walking on a sidewalk near an orange van.
A group of people are walking outside an exhibition tent.
A woman is talking with two policemen in yellow jackets at an outdoor event.
A snowboarder doing a trick while on a run.
A man lays down to rest inside a wood structure against a building.
A green fish is jumping out of water.
A man in a black t-shirt looking down as he holds a drink.
Man riding a bicycle on a foggy day.
A woman wearing a pink hat is looking at a pink car with the truck open.
Woman in blue jacket shows off her vintage car in front of Nathalie's DollHouse.
Two women in sunhats walk arm in arm down a city street carrying purses.
People walk around and laugh outside.
A woman in a green tank top with curlers in her hair has makeup applied to her eyes in front of a leopard print backdrop.
Brunette woman fixing blond woman's hair.
A woman with a yellow wrist corsage speaks to the blond bride.
A man in sunglasses sits with his girlfriend at a wedding.
People smile while standing in suits and dresses.
A man and a woman are getting married outdoors.
A man and woman getting married outside on a sunny day.
A groom and bride make their way down the aisle as man and wife.
Men and women at a formal function when a woman in a white dress is carrying a bouquet of red flowers.
A woman leads three little boys in soccer uniforms.
Three women in dresses are outside accepting hors d'oeuvres from a caterer.
A shaggy dog with a toy in its mouth.
A boy appears to be dancing to music in a building filled with people.
Mom with child looking at blue fish.
Four children are standing to pose for a photo.
A person uses a long-handled net to catch something in the air.
A man wearing green waterproofs is walking on a grassy cliff top carrying some penguins.
A man with a camera studies his work.
A young man in a white shirt and gold and black hat sits cross legged.
A boy hangs onto straps on a train.
A young girl folding a white piece of clothing from a laundry basket.
Two people making music with a guitar and keyboard.
A woman wearing a pink boa rides a bicycle down a pedestrian bridge.
Young man standing on fire escape of a city building.
A woman in a green shirt and blue hat is playing tennis.
A man dressed in blue is juggling in front of an audience.
A woman in jeans is sleeping on a man.
A dog wearing a jacket, pounces a toy.
A man holds his crotch with his shirt pulled up, exposing his belly, all while wearing a dew rag.
A man spinning a skateboard in his hands while people watch.
Children are very excited to see a parrot eating food from his hand.
A white dog is splashing through the water.
Construction workers are working with a heavy piece of machinery behind an orange and white striped barrier.
Little boy discovering plants growing in a puddle of water.
Two teams playing football, one trying to tackle the other.
Asians eating in a restaurant with an orange motif.
A short-haired man in a dark camouflage jacket plays the saxophone on a street corner while people look on in the background.
Two dogs run along a path strewn with dead leaves.
A little boy pours water from a bucket onto another little boy's head.
An adult hikes in the snow with a mountain in the background.
A young boy is playing basketball in an official game.
Three guys sit on a bench outside of a beverage shop talking.
A large dog chases a small dog on the sand.
A snowboarder in white soaring through the air.
Children, shown in an aerial view, are playing in a typical family room.
A woman walks down the sidewalk carrying a plastic bag.
A dog walks through the snow in the daylight.
Two dogs are running across a grassy field.
There are five skiers, with backpacks, in the snow.
A boy is holding a basketball in one hand.
A snowboarder in gray pants is doing a jump.
Two mountaineers are looking ahead on a snowy trail.
A snowboarder leaning against his snowboard while looking at view of foggy mountains
Black dog running very fast.
A man in a brown jacket standing in front of an open porch door.
Two brown dogs running through a field with a red toy
A person paints a photo of a dog, based on a photo of a dog.
Man talking on cellphone outside of a jewelry store.
A group of skiers head up an incline in the snow.
An older man standing by a younger man with earphones
A shirtless man with glasses and wet hair shaving facial hair.
Man secures a large block of concrete.
Man wearing a gray jacket sitting on a green bench petting a black dog wearing a red collar.
A man wearing leather takes a picture of crystal.
An older child watching a toddler play with a long spring inside a house.
Two small white dogs playing
A little girl holding flowers is walking away down a path on a sunny day.
A man is working on constructing a shelter made of logs and reeds.
A man, adolescent and two boys are mixing a bucket with liquid on a farm.
A group of passengers socializing while waiting at a bus stop.
A man and woman wearing winter clothing try to sell various items on a table outside.
A boy wearing orange star glasses is sitting down holding a toy hammer.
Two men outside looking at metalwork objects.
A boy is checking a system on the computer.
Two elderly people being interviewed by a camera crew standing near a green metallic van.
A dog looks warily at the brown dog investigating his area.
A man wearing a black hat is sitting on a stool in front of a green door and next to speakers.
A boy and girl are splashing around in the ocean.
A man, holding snorkeling equipment, jumps into the green water of the ocean.
A man standing on the street.
One man is putting his hand on the back of another man and they are both on a boat.
Its a beautiful day for an outdoor wedding.
Many people shopping in a indoor market.
A young boy runs through bubbles.
Eight people enjoy the fun of rafts and the beauty of a waterfall.
Several people are walking down a trail.
A man in a blue and purple striped shirt and hat is walking past a brick building.
In this photo, a woman is selling market items.
There is a stand under a large blue and red umbrella with a large assortment of produce and there are several people looking through the produce.
A child making a sand castle on the beach.
A male conductor wearing all black leading a orchestra and choir on a brown stage playing and singing a musical number.
A young boy in a green wheel barrel with a girl pushing him.
Guys in a hair salon one guy holding up one finger.
A team player takes time out to communicate with the media.
A black and white dog wearing collars shakes off on the dead grass.
Little girl lying in many colored plastic balls.
A man with a beard stands out in color.
Here is Rod Stewart in Concert singing Live with Pat Benatar.
There are five singers on a stage, three women and two men.
A dog runs through the tall grass.
A guy with sunglasses is sitting on a boat ferry in the sun.
The dog walks along a beach at sunset.
Thre is a shot of man with his back turned in a city.
Two black dogs running on grass.
Two middle-aged men try to operate what looks to be a magnifier of some sort.
Two girls coloring in a coloring book at a table.
A man in red swimming trunks stands in the snow on a cliff above the water.
A family poses in a snowy forest.
A group of young people get into costume in a sparse room.
Two men in white shirts and wide white pants perform martial arts.
Two dogs enjoy playing in the cold of the snow.
A young girl reading a literary classic "to kill a mockingbird".
Two women in a whirlpool with towels on the heads laughing.
Skiiers on top of a mountain.
A man in a brown plaid shirt is selling pastries from a blue vending cart.
People in the market picking out and looking at fruit.
A man in a blue sweatsuit and a woman wearing a brown jacket and brown boots walk together.
A young man with brown hair playing a guitar.
A group of men sitting on red chairs.
A dog carries a newspaper through a kitchen.
A man in a white shirt showing a young boy how to make bread in a bakery.
A dog descends a ramp, teeth bared.
A group of men sit around a table that has empty bottles on it.
Two basketball players watching the ball.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill while he casts a long shadow.
A guy performing tricks in front of kids with cool baseball bats
A man is reading a newspaper at a Chinese food store.
A girl wearing a helmet rides a scooter.
An elderly man working with several lines of string.
A baby holding a rattle looking very sad.
A boy is surfing towards the beach on a green surfboard.
Woman resting her head on a curved pillow.
A young woman is wearing a bridal veil outside a church.
A man and a little girl in a pink dress
A man sits on a bench with his arm around a lady.
A golden dog walks carefully around a frozen pond.
A woman is smiling and putting her fists in the air in delight.
Man wearing a blue shirt holding a chain.
People are sitting in the couch and laughing.
A little boy jumping from one chair to another.
A dog leaps into the air to catch a ball in its mouth.
A man with a goatee leaning against a white van.
A woman with dark hair who is wearing an orange bikini lays out on a wicker chair.
A man in black clothing performing a stunt of swallowing lit torches.
A dog sits in a car with its tongue sticking out.
A man sleeping outside on the ground.
A man in all orange working on a construction site next to a large truck.
Two boys ice skate with other people.
Five adults and a child run opposite of the waves on the beach.
A man is busy trimming a palm tree.
A man in a black t-shirt is looking at a menu.
A white dog runs along a rocky shoreline.
The man stands close to the train at the busy train station.
A shirtless child is playing with a pink balloon on a sidewalk.
Man and woman do a dance together with money all over the floor.
Stuff animal prizes people may win by playing a carnival game.
Viewed as a mirror reflection, a woman applies a mascara pencil to her left eye.
A couple of patron at a jazz club.
Man on a motorcycle performing a trick high in the air.
The boy comes down the hill in the red wagon.
A man with a yellow shirt is in front of a man playing a musical instrument.
Two dogs playing in the water with a stick
A child crawls on the floor looking at a pigeon.
Hard working man on the job on the street.
A person is coming down a yellow water slide into a pool.
Male food worker grills meat on a stick.
Two young violinists walking towards the camera from a door.
A group of people dance at a oriental restaurant.
Three men are outside at sunset doing different activities, including jumping, sitting, and playing with a soccer ball.
The girl is hitting the volleyball.
Man in Dr Pepper logo shirt laying on a blue blanket, with arm around a toy-chewing infant.
Two boys are playing flag football.
A man asleep on another sleeping man's lap on a park bench.
A group of people walking up a grass hill.
Person on snow skis airborne over snow with green tree in the background.
Three little kids on tricycles race downhill.
A dental patient is examined by a man and a woman in blue scrubs.
A young man walking by a fruit stand.
A person wearing a hooded sweatshirt and jeans stands on a tree that has fallen over a creek.
A group of people are eating cake at an office party.
A man is dressed in a black shirt while balancing a round object on the back of his hand.
Two cowboys look in the back of truck.
One man is visible riding a black horse with a brown horse and bull in the background.
Two cowboys from Latin America or South America riding horses and chasing a bull.
Two men on horses chase down a cow on a sunny day.
Kids are playing in the yard
A man in a rowboat is rowing across blue water.
A group of children are playing in a museum.
A group of people riding horses in green vests.
A woman holding a tennis racket on a court.
A man and a woman in a blue dress are playing tennis.
A woman is holding a tennis racket.
A tennis player in red clothing is holding up her tennis racket.
A child laying in the midst of stuffed toys and blankets.
A woman is carrying a child on her back.
The boy runs across the court with the basketballs.
Two men both wearing white t-shirt are standing behind the counter, both holding knives.
Three firefighters standing in a lift.
A smiling, happy-appearing blond woman with backpack stops to smile at the camera.
The baby is sitting in a highchair.
A terrier mix catches a Frisbee in the air.
The man in the robe has gold on his beard.
Young Asian man jumps up on top of a padded rectangular metal structure.
A little boy is playing on a wet stone surface.
Young women with a green beanie bending down to pick up a basket from a four legged desk.
An young Asian boy is holding a small, white, long-haired dog.
Friends and family dance on a beach by their vehicles.
An Indian woman poses for the camera in her bright clothing.
A light brown dog with a dark collar bounding through grass.
A man in black shirt and camouflage pants covered in cream.
Four men with beards standing up and holding white plates.
A little girl kicks into the air.
White dog with mouth open running in the snow.
An Asian woman and small boy are riding a bike together.
A smiling Indian woman driving a blue truck wearing a colorful orange, green, and white outfit.
Two people jump off a sand dune on a beach
A man, wearing a striped shirt, operates a microscope in a laboratory.
A child is sitting in a hole filled with water.
The brown dog is walking along a grassy path with its tongue out.
A black dog runs with a white dog
Two large dogs are running together through the grass.
A dog rolls in the grass.
A boy in red prepares to slide down a blue slide.
Several men on horseback staring into a mountain background
A lady wearing a fancy costume and headdress while drinking from a can.
A puppy carries a tennis ball in its mouth.
A woman with five kids all around her with a smile on her face.
Man paddles a canoe through placid lake waters
Some people are crossing a green bridge over a river.
Two young men help another man in a store back room.
Two boys dressed in ragged solid color clothing stand side by side while one holds an ax.
A man sitting at a table using a notebook computer.
A kid turns around with an object in hand while someone passes behind him.
Two women are conversing in an art gallery.
A person and their tan dog go for a ride in a rowboat.
A brown dog sitting on grass
A white dog is running with an orange fence behind him.
One man and one boy looking into a tent with a blue blanket in it.
A woman with a tennis racket about to swing at a ball.
Woman in a white shirt and black skirt playing tennis.
A woman wearing a hooded sweatshirt and black pants with a ponytail playing tennis.
A blond dog playing with a colorful dog toy.
Two girls with long hair stand in front of a cluttered table.
A tennis player raises her racket to hit the ball.
A little girl walks on a path of an indoor garden.
A female tennis player about to strike the ball.
A brown-haired woman in a beige jacket writes on a piece of paper on a pink table.
A woman wearing a white skirt is playing tennis.
A blond woman playing tennis, in front of a blue advertising background.
An Indian man and woman are asleep on public transport.
A child smiling as they are being thrown in the air by an adult.
A woman with green hair is swinging at a pinata.
A black and white dog runs over snow by a tree and bench.
A tennis player collecting tennis balls in a tennis court.
Women on tennis court standing in front of net holding a book.
A happy tennis player in a white sports bra.
A girl with a white top and yellow shorts is playing tennis.
There is a woman in yellow playing tennis.
A young tennis player stretches for a ball on a clay court.
A woman in a white tennis outfit playing tennis.
A woman in a blue sports outfit is about to hit a tennis ball.
A man walking in front of graffiti on a cloudy day.
An older and a younger woman, both with tennis attire and rackets, smile side to side for the camera.
The children make snow angels next to each other.
A graveyard worker is digging, or filling a grave, another person is on his cellphone, leaning on a tombstone.
A person in a fur collared coat is walking past a statue.
A man and a woman are using a machine built into the wall.
An African American walking down the street in a bright colored shirt.
A boy dressed as a cowboy is petting a four-legged animal with horns and a saddle.
A young cowboy is mesmerized by the presence of a camel.
Three barefoot children fun and smile in an indoor setting.
A man with muscular arms is performing gymnastics.
A man in red tights balances on a beam with his legs in the air.
A guy is communicating with someone in a car.
This female is ready to fight if need be, she is trained.
The black and white dog leaps to catch a toy.
Two young children are being pushed on a tire swing with snow on the ground.
An elderly woman taking part in a ceremony.
Large brown dog jumping over a bush in a grassy area.
A gymnast is hanging upright in rings.
A black furry dog is jumping in the air next to another dog.
Two young boys watching their father use a stand up mixer.
A tan dog is playing with a red dog in snow.
A little blond girl on a climbing wall.
A man has his shoes shined on the sidewalk on street lined with parked motorbikes.
A man is kissing a woman on the cheek.
Three kids and one adult walking on a path.
Several people sitting on a bench before sunset.
One man is smoking a cigarette and the other man is meeting his gaze.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
A man wearing large snowshoes runs inside of a seemingly crowded ski resort.
A gray-haired man is sitting outside talking on the phone.
Two young children huddle around a woman on the street between two green and yellow trolleys.
Two men sitting and having drinks.
A brown dog is playing with a red toy while another brown dog bounds towards the camera.
A woman slipping backwards in the snow.
A man wearing a t-shirt and blue jeans is jumping from a cliff by a large canyon.
A man and a child kicking a yellow ball in an open field.
A boy in a blue shirt jumps down stairs on a skateboard.
A bowler throwing a ball down the lane trying to hit two pins.
A woman in a pink hat is helping a little girl in a white hat with her ice skates.
The man is wearing a black shirt and hat and smiling.
A black dog with a red collar wading through the water.
Indian women sort out clothing.
Three children playing and having a good time in a poverty area.
Four girls in a building playing with each other
A woman all dressed in blue with blue bags stands outside a window.
A boy and his brother are playing with sticks and swords.
A woman with a black purse and a red coat is sitting on a pillar of concrete.
A person dirtbikes along a muddy trail.
A man is throwing a ball at a pile of blocks with stuffed animals in the background.
A boy walks across a rope structure on a playground.
A gray dog chasing a brown dog in shallow water.
A man is shaking hands with a mannequin.
Older gentleman smoking while walking by a painting of an old man.
A man wearing a black jacket is working on a roof.
Three glass elevators with people inside of them.
A crowd of boys riding a vehicle.
A child jumping from an indoor climbing gym, while other children climb over other parts of the structure.
The white and brown dog is shaking its ears.
A little girl climbing the stairs on the playground equipment.
Group of people watching laptop monitors.
Two females, one wearing a backpack, are standing over a body of water.
Person observing a river with a bridge going over it.
A woman wearing a black coat and sunglasses is standing in front of a man walking away with a backpack.
A woman sits on a log near the water.
A man in a white shirt and Khaki pants with a hat on climbing a mountain.
A sled-dog team works hard on this snowy trail.
A man with glasses sitting at a table with a coffee cup and several other items on the table.
Three men play guitars on stage.
Two children run along a boardwalk that crosses over a body of water.
A bald guy wearing a black t-shirt plays the guitar.
Two men are kicking a yellow and black ball over a net.
Young spanish girl jumps off the concrete yard divider onto the sidewalk.
An emergency exit map hangs above a doorway where a woman reaches up for something.
A man carefully inspects the roof tiles.
A man in the kitchen attempting to remove some meat he has cooked from the paper plate.
A couple stand and looks at the ocean.
A person has his or her hands in a dog's mouth.
Boy jumps in desert while others watch and take photo.
A man with long curly hair fell asleep during a car ride.
A young boy stands staring at a television screen.
A little girl is pushing a little boy who is sitting on a swing.
A kid playing in a bunch of flowers.
Three men play saxophones while one man play makeshift drum on a corner
A brown dog and black and white dog run along the green grass.
The side of a building next to a church is painted with a brightly colored Coca-Cola sign.
A father and son asleep in their blankets.
A woman wearing gray speaks into a microphone at an event while two men listen.
Several people moving a structure.
A small child on a tire swing in a forested field.
Men and women sitting behind a long table while talking and doing work on their laptops.
A man who is wrapped in a gray wrap is stooping on the ground.
A gentleman is operating a machine while working in a factory.
Several ladies are sitting together around a table.
The woman gets a gift out of a christmas stocking.
A woman in pink is sitting and enjoying the object she is holding.
A female is opening up a present.
A man trying to stay on the bucking bronco.
Two dogs are facing each other in a grassy field.
The brown dog sees a black dog laying in the dry grass.
A little-league baseball player, wearing a white #19 jersey, successfully hits the ball.
A woman is looking at a pamphlet talking to someone, while a guy takes photos in the background.
A woman is trying on knit arm warmers.
Two girls preparing their home for a big party.
A woman in a green flowered dress is holding a container of yarn animals.
A young woman is holding-up a red and white dress while two other women smile and watch.
The white dog leaping over a snow covered log.
A man is standing in a grassy field equipped with a type of gardening tool which he is using on the grass.
A man in a hat riding a bucking horse.
The brown dog is playing in the white snow.
Man in white suit throws first pitch at baseball game.
A man in a white shirt is making a speech into a microphone.
A woman performing at a concert.
A group of young men is playing a game on the beach.
A man in a black outfit poses in front of the eiffel tower.
A man in a boat in a blue shirt and hat has a fishing pole that is bent halfway.
Four rockers posing on a tree stump.
Two guys, one is carrying a bag, and one girl are walking down the street.
A sculptor poses in front of his work.
A man looks at the camera as he stands outside a subway entrance, while a girl behind him talks on her cellphone.
A group of people outside a church at a wedding.
A group of seated men have coffee around two tables.
A large group of people at a party.
A man wearing brown is outside next to a bicycle
People outside a house in snow.
A person sitting next to a tripod watches boats in a harbor.
A man juggles at the beach.
A fluffy white dog running across the snow.
Several people met in a session, some with computers, some needing stand.
A man on a boat dock looking onto the water at a boat
A woman in red is slightly hunched over next to a brick building.
A man with tattoos is lounging on a couch holding a pencil.
Two husky-like white dogs are outside on snow.
A child in a blue sleep suit plays with a red mop in a red bucket.
A white dog running in the snow.
The photo looks down on a street where five pedestrians are walking.
Several people with baggage, lost looks on their faces, and comfortable.
Numerous men and women enjoying an outdoor area.
Two boys watch a third boy kicking some snow.
A man in a long-sleeved lack shirt sitting at an organ in a large building as people 3 people look on.
A man plays makeshift drums on white buckets in the snow.
A boy with a zip-up sweater is playing the french horn.
A man is sitting with his music stand in front of him.
A brown and black down with a blue collar near a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A man on a bicycle rides past a bright blue door.
A tribesman makes his way up a tree with his feet and his hands.
A group of mothers are sitting and breast feeding their babies.
Two cows stand in front of people riding a bus.
A man is sitting on a bench at a subway station.
A man with a green jacket and a black hat standing near a doorway.
The gray and white dog is walking on gravel.
A man on a skateboard is jumping in the air with it.
Two male soccer players are resting to take a drink.
A toddler walking through an old building in a blue outfit.
A dog runs through the snow.
A child in a blue jacket and helmet is on a skateboard.
Two men working on building a house.
The child is standing on top of a snowbank with their arms outstretched.
Two young girls in fancy dresses are standing outside.
A toy lego set is featured in the foreground while a woman and child play with it in the background.
Kids forming a rock band.
A group of six people relaxing in the living room and playing a board game.
Surfer catching a good, deep clear blue, wave.
A man standing at the top of a plastic chair eye bulling the different kind of hats
A man working on laying a new roof.
A girl in a bathrobe holding a plate of food stands next to a boy holding utensils and a red cup.
Two people sleep on a bench.
Two men and a child are using a ruler on a wall.
Indian man with elephant and group of indian children in temple.
A boy has a spiked bracelet and a strange glove on.
A man known as Deleon speaks at a Q&amp;A.
Man with glasses on speaking in a microphone surrounded by a group of people.
A small child plays with a batman toy car
A lady wearing a green sweater is putting candy on a shelf.
Two children hug one another.
A large crowd of people watch the stage as an outside concert takes place.
A little girl looking at a large boulder
A black dog plays with two soft toys in front of a fireplace.
Ensuring that an accurate account of all I see here is appropriately recorded.
A man looks through a microscope while another man in the background also looks through a microscope.
A group of guys swimming in red trunks.
A black dog wearing a blue collar is running through the snow.
A woman looks at art in a gallery while two children sit on the floor.
A white female in a red dress assisting a black female bride into her white wedding dress.
Many people near a crosswalk in a busy city.
Man in costume talks to a girl in a blue hoodie in a conference center.
A man is walking on the beach at sunrise.
A group of people taking a stroll on the beach at sunset.
Seven children are jumping in a grassy meadow.
A beige dog and brown dog in the snow.
A ragged man sleeping behind a building.
A man climbing an icy glacier with the assistance of a pick.
A little girl riding a skateboard while a boy swings a toy at her.
A man wearing a plaid shirt is painting on a large sheet.
A man writing something down behind a bush.
A man rides on a unicycle down the sidewalk.
A woman is shampooing and man's head in a hair salon.
A woman with a blue hat is taking photos in an area covered in brush.
A firefighter is putting wooden blocks under a crushed blue car.
A brown and black dog running through a grassy field
An adult male is kneeling on top of a roof make repairs
A man shows a woman how to use a saw to cut a board.
Two people walking down a city street at night
A group of guys working on a small blue open-topped racing vehicle.
A firefighter is working at a fire.
A white dog is running through the snow.
A man playing a black grand piano.
A cow lies on a walkway between two rails as some people relax nearby and a woman walks away.
Crowd of people with red construction hats standing around a oil pump.
Two men in martial arts clothing are kneeling before racks of weapons.
A brown dog plays in the snow.
There is a construction site with a backhoe and a man with a shovel.
Two men wearing bright yellow vests sit in a vehicle.
There are two men in yellow vests working in a large green filed.
A little girl is riding a bicycle.
A man with a thin beard and brown jacket plays "Guitar Hero" in a crowded room.
A rider on a horse landing from a jump.
A man with glasses talks to a group of friends.
A lady with a pink hoodie is taking a video of large screen monitor of a sports team.
A lady dressed in a black coat, jean skirt, black boots and black handbag, walking by a huge ad of a lady digging through her purse.
A female dancer does a center leap across a stage.
A brown, black and white dog is on a obstacle course.
A skateboarder doing a trick on a ramp
Two adorable children who were dressed very similar by their mother are enjoying a train ride.
A muscular man in swim trunks plays paddle ball on the beach
A curly-haired man is talking or possibly debating with a blond-haired man in front of a table.
A policeman is sitting in a van looking out the window.
Two men are working on a circular window by standing on chairs.
A blond woman in blue clothes is playing a cello.
A woman sitting in a chair while a man is removing her garter belt
Several dogs grouped together in a winter setting.
This young man is shaving in front of a mirror.
A man wearing a blue shit is standing up speaking.
An Indian man wearing a turban walks along a sidewalk.
A man climbs up a rock.
Several dancers are doing leg lifts on stage.
A shirtless male is riding a skateboard, performing a trick.
A Japanese man in a red shirt, at the olympics playing tennis.
A man throws the bowling ball to knock down the last pin.
A woman dressed in a traditional wrap can be seen through a small hole archway.
A woman carrying a bowl on her head is walking ahead of a child outside.
Two chefs trying to figure out how to prepare the meal.
Several men are walking and standing in John A. Noble facility.
A child is playing among a flock of birds in the park.
A Food Vendor selling food at a street market.
An Asian woman in black clothing is sitting in a public place.
The building is covered with red &amp; black graffiti.
A man in a canoe paddles while another man tosses a net out into a large body of water.
A normal sunny day in a big city.
A big black dog bares its teeth while running through the snow.
A man is being attacked by a German Shepherd.
A loving woman kneeling down near 3 cats while tending to and feeding an injured cat.
A big man plays guitar on stage.
A young child is sitting in a swing at a playground.
A man peers at an object through a microscope.
Three brightly robed girls are sitting on a rock ground in front of a large rock.
A bundled up toddler is walking over snow.
Many individuals are waiting patiently for the line to go down to enter this building.
A fisherman in a field near a lake.
Two young children are playing with a teenage girl who is blindfolded.
A man being picked up by his teammates to catch the ball.
A young boy kicking a soccer ball with a young girl in the background.
Two teams battle it out for the win!
A snowboarder is taking a picture in front of some trees.
A man wearing jeans and a hooded, long-sleeved top, and a backpack, walks in a desert.
Three young women embrace while displaying baked goods in kitchen.
A boy and girl run across a grassy field towards a forested hill.
A group of men and women gather around a conference table.
Two dark-haired girls are in a crowd.
A woman wearing a yellow jacket skis down a snowy hill.
A woman stands with a ferret and a dog.
A male is sitting at a table with a coffee cup in front of his left arm.
Kids play in a blow up playground.
A young boy welds a piece of metal while shielding his face.
A man walking 3 dalmatians along a sunny street.
These three men are jogging the same direction down a city street wearing sunglasses.
A group of women competing in roller derby.
A broen haired woman wearing a black coat with coffee in her hand
A little boy is paining a plate.
The large brown dog is paddling in the water.
Two men in business attire standing behind a camera.
Young friends in a park relaxing and enjoying conversation with each other.
An Asian band in a parade with a female band majorette.
Three girls dressed alike in plaid skirts and hats, green sweaters, and blue knee socks walk together.
A girl throwing a soccer ball while sitting down.
A girl in a pink jersey and green knee high socks kicks a soccer ball.
A girl walking in front of a soccer net during a game.
A man, who is wearing a black cap and a mostly gray hoodie, seems to be at a party.
A man is sitting on a black and brown dog.
A red convertible is driving down the road and is stopped by an onlooker.
Black man painting a sign.
A boy wearing a green shirt is jumping in front of a lane at a bowling alley.
The two woman are looking at something.
A girl kicks a ball with three girls doing the same in the background.
A little girl playing in a soccer game.
Four young girls in green and blue uniforms play soccer together.
A young girl prepares to kick a pink soccer ball.
A girl footballer stands near a fence about to toss the ball back into play.
An older man sitting outside in the sun watching something under his umbrella.
A young man and an older man sit on a plaid loveseat.
Two women holding children talking to one another.
A blond-haired toddler boy looks ahead while a blond-haired woman adjusts his collar.
A woman dressed in black is silhouetted against a cloud darkened sky.
A child with a moose on his shirt is playing with a train set.
A child looks nervous at the top of a slide.
A soccer game being played as the sun sets.
A young boy wearing Mr. Potato Head teeth and glasses.
Several people stand on stage with their arms held up in the air.
A girl wearing a yellow jacket sitting on a stone lion.
4 people standing next to a fire cooking a meal
A young girl chasing a duck with bread in her hands.
Two people are together and one of them is using a microphone.
A man with glasses climbing a rock wall.
A man in a yellow reflective vest squats on a lawn while using on a cellphone.
Five cricket players are lounging on the grass.
A woman in white is throwing a boy into the air.
One young man is wearing a hat and protective goggles while snowboarding.
A man in a snorkel is swimming in the water viewing aquatic life.
Some African American young adults are playing volleyball.
A man is building a large sand castle on the beach.
A man on Rollerblades glides down a park path.
Two puppies are playing in the green grass.
An Asian man is carrying a baby in a matching robe.
A man plays his guitar in a dimly lit room.
A dog is jumping to catch a Frisbee.
Two guys and a woman standing and talking in a playground.
A young girls is laying in a snow cave
A woman in blue sits on a curb next to blue railings in front of the ocean.
People are walking down a street.
A group of young boys in red robes are bringing their pots to be filled with water.
A professional swimmer racing to the finish line.
A man is in a pool getting ready to begin a race.
An Indian woman using a pulley to obtain a jug.
A group of synchronized swimmer arrange themselves in a star shape in a pool.
A brown dog shaking off water.
Two women on a movie set reviewing film
A man and woman laughing.
Three girls wear straw hats and dance on a stage.
A man in a workout suit is reading to a woman.
A young man and woman are at a dinner table with food in front of them.
Two joyful people are walking down the city street.
A woman bends over to attend to her child in a yellow jacket.
A woman is walking and dragging a suitcase.
A man jumping in the sand along the shore while holding something in his hand.
Construction in the city at night.
Two police officers in bright yellow uniforms are standing and talking to one another.
A black man is pulling a blue shirt while distracted.
Two men in business suits are discussing a topic while standing up in front of a podium.
A dance performance is going on in front of an audience.
A gray and white puddle fighting next to another black and brown dog on a bed.
Man in sunglasses and leather jacket looking down
A young boy climbs a spiral staircase in a room full of books.
A young boy swings a bat at a large baseball.
A man and a woman are having drinks at a table.
A man is setting up equipment for a rock show.
A person is walking their dog on a leash while a child in a red shirt rides by on a skateboard
A man leans against a building near a busy street.
A store with Wii consoles in it and people looking at them.
A black dog caught in mid-jump catching a toy in his mouth.
A woman in a plaid coat is standing in front of washing machines inside a laundromat.
Men behind windows with bars on them.
A man on a huge chunk of snow, holding a rope.
A woman happily opened her gift and discovers a KitchenAid blender.
Crowd waiting on Main Street subway platform for a train.
A man and woman are waiting for their food at a restaurant.
A man with black hair and glasses is holding a camera on a tripod.
Man with blue pants flipping in the air.
Two men in a band play guitar and sing on stage.
A girl climbing a chain link fence.
A member of a band is playing a keyboard.
The Bellingham High School band performing.
Two men and a woman are standing in water with a golden retriever.
An African American man holding a guitar looking out the window.
Child in blue shirt smiles about what's in his hand.
A person in a yellow shirt sits on a sidewalk.
There is girl standing on the pier wearing a blue shirt and holding a fishing rod.
A blond girl sleeps on a couch.
The brown dog is being chased by a black dog while holding a small toy in his mouth.
Two black and brown dogs looking at each other.
A crowd of people sit at round tables in a banquet hall.
Two women wearing open toed shoes are riding a motorcycle.
A girl riding a bike with her helmet on with overcast weather.
A group of people are enjoying themselves at a table.
A man playing a guitar while standing in front of a microphone singing.
This lady is singing in a club.
A black dog is facing a brown dog in an open outdoor space.
A woman in pink walking under the twin flyovers
Two people in brightly colored outfits handle squares of fabric with colorful designs.
A young girl in a beige dress running near a wooded area.
Two children play on the bed with a remote control.
Children playing soccer, one in the process of kicking the ball.
A short-haired, brunette woman singing into the microphone up on stage with her band.
A group of women in matching uniforms, one of which is speaking.
A man in a black shirt is singing into a microphone.
A fireman douses a red truck that is smoking as a police officer approaches.
A group of people waiting around under the freeway.
A newlywed couple stands in front of a large crowd.
A group of boys are playing on a beach.
Two people are getting soaked by a waterfall.
A young newlywed couple cuts their wedding cake that their reception.
A few people are sitting down watching a woman present something in a classroom as an gentleman looks reluctant in the background.
A barefoot woman in a red and green skirt is surrounded by clay pots and is working with clay.
A boy is playing with a screwdriver.
A child wearing a gray sweater holds a crab and looks at it.
A flautist plays the flute in a marching band
The kid rides his green and black bike down the street.
Two men hanging from ropes over a waterfall.
Four female passengers wait for their train, one is sitting and the rest are standing.
Three dogs are running side by side on the grass.
A woman in a gray shirt and black Capris is running along a road.
A boy is swimming in water.
A man with long hair and a green striped shirt talks to a woman who is listening intently.
Women posing in a goofy candid photo in a studio
A young girl just jumped out of her yellow swing.
A little girl in red is down on the ice
A toddler all bundled up getting ready to go down a slide.
Several dogs carry a man with a helmet through snow.
Young African American child with beads in her hair looking at the camera and covering her mouth with a coat on.
A man is teaching three girls how to play an instrument.
A young bare-chested man talking with a casually dressed man along a lonely desert road.
Brown and white dog playing in the grass.
A woman in a floral pattern dress is operating a loom.
Two men in blue clothing sit on a boat.
Three workers hold buckets and crouch on beams with a view of a town below them.
Hispanic people sitting on the beach in the sand talking on the phone.
A child jumps up near a body of water.
A child looks at a baby sleeping in a crib.
Bespectacled man in suit opens wallet while a younger lady in formal wear laughs with him.
Men unlocking a gate for a train.
The women gives the man a hug and kiss while his dog is on the leash.
A man receiving a haircut at a barber shop.
A man inspects the uniform of a figure in some East Asian country.
A young boy rock climbing.
A man is rock climbing with spotters below.
Two small kids holding hands while walking in a street.
A black dog nursing black and white puppies.
A young woman jumping up off the floor.
A group of men dressed in red are playing the drums.
An opposite side street-shot of Applebee's and Dave and Buster's restaurants.
A young child smiling while on a swing at a playground.
Middle-aged man in yellow shirt standing on sidewalk holding a green bag and casting a shadow.
A woman with a blue scarf is reading a magazine in front of a painting of sunflowers.
A man and a woman kissing outdoors.
A little girl playing the guitar, some flowers to the left.
A woman and a child both wearing red outfits walking up a street
A man in a blue plaid shirt walks behind people with his dog at the beach
A girl inside a long tubular slide.
A man stands in the distance on the ocean while he stands on a small boat.
A black and brown dog carries a red toy in his mouth.
A young child is walking along side a large black and brown dog with snow on the ground.
A man in a gray coat speaks into a microphone.
A group of young people holding bottles and pointing at the camera.
Two women walk down the crowded street.
The little girl in the pink top is running down the path.
A woman wearing a black shirt giving a lecture.
There is a little girl in a pink helmet riding her pink bicycle along a waterway.
A track athlete is jumping a hurdle.
A dog is jumping as he turns around on a beach.
A band plays on a small stage.
A girl in a black hat with a pink flower on it plays the keyboard.
A family prepares the dinner table for a party.
A few people sitting on a pier looking at a lake.
A band called Screaming Orphans is giving a concert.
We are singing the popular song for you all.
Kids race around a go-cart track with adult supervision.
A little body in an orange shirt is holding a yellow sword and holding it toward the camera.
Young boys playing ball on the beach.
A man is sitting in a chair with his foot propped up on a cabinet, talking into a microphone.
A man in a suit sits talking into a microphone.
A man in a gray suit is talking in front of a microphone.
A man pokes his out of a small window.
Someone is playing hopscotch on a chalked out grid on the ground.
A young child is watching a man play an electric guitar.
Guy and girl looks at a person giving a speech while they are sitting down.
A man is paddling a boat during a sunset.
Four children in black and red hats and black clothes perform.
A woman sitting in chair discusses a topic into a microphone.
A man in a white shirt and blue shorts swinging a tennis racket.
A boy cuts a flip in the grass.
In front of an Asian market store one man rests in a chair while another man cleans.
The young boy was playing with his train set.
A man holds a baby while they smile at each other.
People are walking down the stairs through the fog.
A group of indians stand next to a streetlight in the daytime with clouds above them all.
A brown and black dog running through a river
People next to a red, white and blue hot air balloon that is on the grass
A man speaking directly into a microphone
A boy wearing a blue hood holds a baby animal and smiles.
A group of theater students are jumping in sequence on stage.
A small baby in winter clothing is being held upright to take a picture.
People in a crowd behind a yellow metal gate.
A young boy kicks a soccer ball while six others play but are dressed as referee.
A young girl is climbing on a wooden structure.
Three helmet-wearing roller-blading children are next to a skating young adult.
Two children are playing on a playground.
A woman who is fixing her computer while showing her daughter what it is doing.
Two women and an officer departing an airplane.
A man in red swim trunks on a boat in the water.
A young boy sleeping after playing with his friends.
A little girl wearing a decorated helmet is slumped over a small two-wheel bike.
A man wearing a face mask sits near a tent and a trailer.
Boy rock climbing on a blue wall while an adult looks away.
A worker cleaning a brick street.
The cheerleading squad for a professional basketball team is performing a routine.
A man looking out of his window.
People in front of waterfront, 3 people are sitting down facing each other as a young boy runs and 2 people walk towards the water.
Man in green shirt with suspenders talking on the phone, while sitting at a table.
A man in a white shit and beret amongst many gold items.
A black dog running in a race.
The girl in blue shorts is sitting on a broken tree stump.
People, outside, throwing stuff over the top of them.
A young man in a blue hoodie doing a flip off of a half-wall that is covered in graffiti.
One boy jumps over another boy on a trampoline.
A man wearing glasses and a woman wearing a black hat and dark sunglasses sit together on a subway train.
A boy is secured between two bungee cords and is suspended in air.
An old woman in a long coat with a small cart crosses the street while another woman smoking a cigarette watches.
A man is getting into a red car.
A lone man casting a fishing line into the water at sunset.
A man welds in a yellow car.
A girl in black sitting on the floor in a dorm doing classwork, and a girl in a red shirt doing work on the computer.
The child is on a wooden rocking horse.
A woman with curly hair in a black jacket, black pants and black heeled boots walks down the street.
A woman is forming clay on a pottery well.
Two children are running down a sidewalk in front of a building.
A dog emerging from a lake.
A big white dog and a small black dog sit in the snow.
A blond woman is laughing
A woman sits in a waiting room reading a magazine depicting a scantily-clad man and woman.
Somebody putting a shoe on and leaving in a hurry.
A black and a white dog play with a rope toy in a backyard
A grocery store worker is pushing several baskets at once.
A older man sitting in front of what appears to be a doorway.
A dark-skinned man squats in front of a plate of food.
A woman is talking on her cellphone while a couple id sitting at a restaurant.
Girls in purple Asian dresses sitting in chairs in a formal setting.
A boy in a swimming pool, wearing goggles, gives the "two thumbs up" sign.
A child runs barefoot across a blacktop parking lot.
Guy with long brown, curly hair and eyeglasses, playing guitar, sitting on grass, wearing striped shirt and blue jeans.
A woman sitting against a wall behind a pane of glass.
A dog running through a forest in the winter time
A crowd of people looking at two guys on motorcycles.
A group of people are standing outside watching something happening.
A guy and girl playing a board game on the floor.
A little dog is leaping through the air over a snowy field.
Kid wearing a paper crown sitting in a shopping cart.
A man jumping over boxes for exercise in the middle of a high school track.
Motorcyclist entering a motorcycle cage in front of a large crowd.
A little girl on a bouncey playground animal sits while a woman takes her picture.
A man sits perched on a course rock wearing a white tank top.
Several dogs are walking around on a brick street.
A cook in the kitchen is preparing food
A girl with a backpack and a boy on a bike are standing at a crosswalk.
Young children playing in a pile of toilet paper.
An older man is sitting in a chair while looking at a magazine.
A guy wearing a costume with a blue striped shirt.
People are sitting on stools in a clothing store.
Two hikers climbing while one poses for a camera.
A bridesmaid in a sleeveless black dress holding a bouquet of red flowers at a wedding.
A street performer playing a percussion instrument in front of a crowd of people.
Someone leaps across the beach in a sign of joy!
A group of people sitting at a table.
A boy wearing a hat and shorts is sleeping on a bench.
A man walks past a building with a door that says Keep Clear.
A person trails behind some ducks on the water to a lake.
Girl playing flute as she walks by fence in rural area.
The white dog jumps over a stream of water.
A lady with glasses and a warm hat looks in the distance.
A blond-haired child is swinging on a tire swing.
Deli man slicing meat thin and weighing the sliced pieces.
Two people sitting under a blossoming tree looking at a mountain near a shack.
A person is riding in a boat on a lake.
A woman wearing a tank top and gloves washing the windows on top of a train.
Man in a polo shirt reading to a toddler on his lap.
A white dog wrestles with a black and brown dog on the green grass.
Two children walking up an enormous staircase.
A little boy in a red and white-striped shirt and shorts sits among large plants.
A boy and a woman are on top of large rocks at sunset.
A woman in a black shirt chases a little boy in an orange shirt.
A child in a red jacket chases pigeons.
A woman is making a face that looks like she is in pain while holding her chest with both hands.
Two dogs run around in an outdoor enclosure.
An older man in a weathered fedora smiles slightly for the camera.
A dog runs by the water's edge.
Four men are working with scaffolding, two have red coats.
Children are playing on the swings at a park.
A child and a grownup, each wearing hats, play by the ocean.
Woman with headscarf and girl in red costume dress walk through urban area.
A man in a striped shirt is shaving at a mirror, with a young child watching him.
A woman in a blue top is sitting on a bus.
A man wearing a red shirt is reaching out for his hat that fell while he is walking a tightrope.
Bikers ride down a busy rural street.
A man with a blue jacket stands outside a building with gold-rimmed doors.
A large ship on the water at dusk.
A couple standing next to a fence looking at a body of water.
A man wearing a suit and tie kicking his heels together.
A group of people are playing tennis on a clay tennis court.
A man is waiting to go in the booth.
A jockey on a horse is attempting to jump logs in a field.
Little boy in a red jacket sliding in the snow.
A closeup of a man in glasses looking at the camera.
A girl beside a blue tarp wall wearing a backpack and a purse.
A man with red glasses and a white beard is posed with a cane and trees in the background.
Children playing a game in a field.
A shirtless got in blue pants is being chased by a girl in a black shirt.
A orchestra performing a piece.
A woman is looking on the food she kept in the glass box.
A woman hugs a man outside while he is yawning.
A lady with a gray jacket and jeans sitting close to a man wearing a long coat.
A male and female, both wearing sandals, walking by a fence.
A guy is fishing off the dock, it looks like he has something big on the end of his line.
A man wearing a black suit is talking and gesturing with his hands.
A man wearing blue and a woman wearing pink pose in front of the lake.
A black dog swimming through a river.
A shirtless man with a blue towel on his head is shaving his beard.
An older man is trying to figure out what a sewing machine is.
Four people in hats stand to watch an event, two of them with cameras.
Five people are sitting outside playing cards with each other.
A small girl with dark hair standing on a lawn collecting dandelions.
Three men in yellow shirts work outside a restaurant.
College men and woman sitting at a meeting in a room with a teacher while one of the men is standing and explaining something.
There are three dogs racing around a muddy track.
A man bent over sweeping in basement that is made for very short people.
A man is lowered on a pulley in front of a building.
People sit in a restaurant with tall ceilings and large windows drinking various wines and socializing.
A local man sitting on a stool gives directions to a tourist.
A woman in a jacket is standing next to a fence playing horse shoes.
A woman in blue with a cane sitting on a barrel.
A woman in a red shirt and a white apron works with clay while a young girl watches.
A group of hikers hiking along dirt trail.
A group of friends that were playing a stacking game before it came falling down.
This woman in shorts is holding a microphone.
A woman in black jacket is sitting on a maroon wooden sidewalk bench.
A person laying on the ground next to a cow.
A person sits on the gravel holding a sleeping dog.
A happy newlywed woman, surrounded by friends and family, has a bouquet of flowers.
A child wearing purple runs through splashing water while a man in red looks on.
Two men in a room with many beds.
Two men smiling at the camera inside a restaurant, one is holding up a beer.
Three blond women are looking in microscopes.
A redheaded woman is sitting in front of a chain link fence and has two men on either side of her.
A young couple enjoys a snowball fight.
A child is posing with a funny by for the camera by the water.
A man in a gray shirt and khaki pants sits on a camping chair.
A young woman walking along in the shadows in front of a fenced area.
A man pushing a cart on a dirt road.
Two women in lab coats looking on a image projected on the wall
A Blond woman in a pink turtleneck jumps with yellow bungee cords.
A woman in a mustard dress with a white purse is walking down the street in front of a brick building.
Construction on the inside of a house.
An older woman and a young boy, who is eating something, sit facing away from each other.
The two seated girls smile towards the camera.
There are two kids, a soccer ball, a dog and a goat outside in a field.
A dog with a muzzle and blue jacket runs around the yard.
A man hugging a young boy in a blue shirt.
A boy gives being in the snow two thumbs up.
A furocious female tennis player about to hit a tennis ball in the air.
Two people walking down some stairs.
The child in the green shirt is on a machine with wheels.
A man in a hat enjoys a beer.
The woman is training a white dog to zigzag through metal poles.
A barefooted girl is swinging high on a swing on a spring afternoon.
A policeman walks away from a gate with a large brown and black dog.
A blond dog runs in the grass holding a stick in its mouth.
A man stands in front of a statue.
A man in a public road workers uniform sprays water.
Reflections in water of people on bridge and child walking to the water's edge
The woman is skating in the park.
Two women are looking at images on a computer screen.
A red-haired girl holds a cute baby goat.
A child playing on a red scooter.
Two children, a boy and a girl, running across the dirt.
A person swimming in a pool wearing a red bathing suit and blue goggles.
A child in a dragon costume on a bike.
A man dressed in a brown coat and bomber hat is carrying shopping bags and walking towards an intersection.
Two teenage girls are wearing fancy dresses at an event.
A kid sliding down a slide while another kid looks on
A man in suit is walking down a crowded street.
A man is walking in front of an older home without any paint on it
People heading home from work at the train station.
Two people sitting on a bench in a city street with a heart shaped balloon in hand.
A man in black coat and gray pants are walking along a quiet street.
Two dogs playfully wrestle in a rocky setting.
A little girl in a sundress plays in the sand.
A black dog and a brown dog in snow.
A man with a motorcycle helmet rests by the waterfront.
Six women that are showing their nationality by holding a flag.
Several people wearing white mask are holding a banner and signs.
Several military men surrounding women who are sitting on the ground with flags.
Two black and white dogs fighting in the snow
A little boy plays with a basketball and a toy basketball hoop.
Kids are playing in water fountains
A man wearing a brown jacket and gray hat stands with his eyes closed in a crowd of people outdoors.
A young boy is sitting on a fence with a platter of food on his head.
Two women wearing glasses one is laughing and one is smiling.
A man sitting on the edge of a tree lined walk.
Two women are looking out into a beautiful forest from a ledge.
A girl is standing in a store next to other stores.
A cowboy hanging on for dear life while the horse below him simply tries to buck him off.
The young boy by the pool is eating an apple.
A hiker with a backpack is walking near a waterfall.
Three people are setting up chairs on the beach.
A man in a navy polo shirt snaps photos at a golf course while a crowd of spectators looks on in the background.
A shoeshine man works as others pass by on a busy sidewalk.
A person is riding a horse western style, and the horse is bucking.
High school students watching something and taking pictures.
A boy and a man cross a river on an elephant.
A female wearing black pants and a green shirt jogging.
A motorcyclist with a Puma fanny-pak parked on the sidewalk with the kickstand of his bike up.
A black and white dog with its tongue out is walking.
A man seated in a chair has his hair rinsed and washed by other men.
Kids playing jump rope in the middle of the street.
A young Caucasian boy climbs through a metal structure of stationary rings outside in a paved area overlooking a body of water.
Three women in headscarfs look at something out of frame.
Dancers practice dance positions with each other, with some using a safety rail for assistance.
The boy is climbing up a rope ladder.
The girl with the black T-shirt is out with a large brown dog.
Men practice martial arts in backyard.
Two cows stand nearby while a dog races past both of them.
Two workers are installing a billboard advertisement for a sporting goods store.
A blond man, who is wearing a black t-shirt is playing a game of scrabble and is surrounded by vegetables.
A baby camel going towards a woman, while a man takes a picture.
A woman sitting in a brown coat holds a book and bows her head.
A man is walking across the street while it is snowing.
Brown dog with mouth open and ears in air running.
The speckled dog runs through the marsh.
A police officer is standing by the corner of a building.
A dog chasing a toy duck.
Two children anxiously looking while a woman scoops them orange water ice.
A woman in a blue hiking shirt looking at a black ram.
A person in a red shirt is mowing the grass with a green riding mower.
A baby plays near an overturned basket of diapers.
A man wearing a helmet has his hand up in the air and is shouting in a similar way the crowd behind his doing.
A yellow dog running down a sandy path.
A brown and white dog running through water towards a toy.
Street artist is holding a crystal ball, while an amazed viewer looks on.
Two young children, one in striped top, running down pathway surrounded by ferns.
Dog running on narrow dirt path.
Two small boys in blue soccer uniforms use a wooden set of steps to wash their hands in an adult-sized bathroom.
Teenage boy riding a bicycle through a grassy field.
A woman carrying a white bag with a red star walking on the sidewalk.
Man shoveling sidewalk as snow is still falling.
A blond-haired girl is wearing a purple top, yellow pants, different colored socks, and shoes.
People stand on a subway platform waiting for their train.
Two little boys are driving past adults in their toy jeep.
A man on stage as people watch him and wave arms.
A black and brown dog is running through the woods.
A red car has rolled over on a dirt track.
A bearded man in a white shirt and black shorts is hiking on a woodland path.
Three girls stand under umbrellas before a stage.
The brown and white great Dane plays with two yellow dogs in the grass.
The two dogs are jumping around.
Brown dog, with green and purple cape, runs on grass.
Three young people sit outside and engage with electronic devices.
A young boy in an orange shirt is smiling as he runs in a city scene.
A man leans beside a cow in a grassy field.
A dog swimming in the water with a stick in its mouth
A man in business attire stands a street corner.
A brown dog is jumping over a grassy mound near to a lake.
Two men look down at another man standing on an unfinished walkway.
Some enthusiast climb a tower for a better look.
The family is walking in the woods.
A child in a red jacket is pointing at beautiful orange flowers.
A woman and a baby eating (having a picnic).
A busy street with two men holding blue bags.
A Oklahoma football player standing
A football player wears a jersey wuth the number "4" on it.
A football coach holds a headset.
A man runs on the football field carrying the ball in front of the ref.
A football coach watches a play being made.
The Oklahoma Sooners football team discuss their game while fans cheer.
Two football players try to tackle a player of the opposite team.
A smiling dancer dressed in red is on the football field with fans in the stadium bleachers behind her.
A quarterback gets ready to throw the football.
A football player from OU talks to the coach about the game.
Two cheerleaders are sitting at a football game.
A football player in a red jersey getting his knee looked at by another man
A man in a Sooners jersey blocks an attempted UW tackle.
Two football players attempt to advance the ball against a would be tackler.
The football player is trying to outrun his opponent.
The football player is running with the ball as a player of the opposing team grabs his leg
A horse mascot gives high-fives to some football fans.
Football players on the field as a Sooner tries to tackle a player
A crowd is standing and cheering at a football game.
A man punting a football as fans from the opposing team watch in the background
The man in the gray shirt has a blue baseball cap on.
On a football field, there is a player in a red jersey and the crowd is behind him.
An Oklahoma player is tackled playing football
The football players in red are attempting a play against those in purple, white, and gold.
A group of men play a college football game.
A football player wearing a gold helmet runs holding a football.
Two football teams lined up before the hike.
Two football players make a play, while the other team looks on.
A football player runs with a ball, chased by the opposing team.
The two players, on opposite teams, are in the middle of a football game, while others watch.
A football player is tackled.
Two football players are tackling one player of the opposite team.
A Sooners football player is tackling an opposing player.
A football player in red and white is holding both hands up.
Three football players wearing red jerseys are on the field.
The Sooners quarterback is waiting for the snap from his center.
A football game in progress.
A football player being tackled from behind by another player from a different team in front of a crowd.
Football player tackling another player in a football game.
A football player for the Sooners stands in front of the oppsing team waiting for the next play.
The football player dressed in red looks down field.
The football player in red kicks off the ball.
The football player gets ready to throw the ball.
A group of footballs players is standing behind a coaching official.
The head coach is walking out on the field.
A football team doing their stretches before the game starts.
Many football players sitting on the ground.
A man dressed in red takes a picture of a sporting event.
A Oklahoma Sooners football player wearing his jersey number 28.
A man wearing a red football uniform and gray gloves looks to the left.
A young girl wearing a party hat is laughing.
A woman in a black outfit is standing in a hardwood floored room looking out a window.
Group of people gathering around a parade float.
A person jumping in the air while holding onto a string attached to a large balloon as others watch.
A newly bathed dog is wrapped in a blanket by a caring woman.
A man and a woman wearing jackets embrace in a hug.
A man is wearing blue waving at a stopped bus.
Young girl in winter coat jumping off a boulder into the sand at a beach
Several people wait for a train.
A small white dogs leaps over the back of a larger dog to chase his toy.
A dog wearing a blue sweater holds a yellow toy in its mouth.
Three infants wearing sunhats are playing at the edge of the water on a beach.
A girl dances like a man in costume
Large furry dog walking in the sand near large rocks.
People walking along a pathway along a lake.
A girl with a pink striped shirt is walking up a set of stone stairs.
A brown-haired lady in a red shirt and black pants standing, looking around.
People outside in yard with two kids climbing ladder to tree house.
A man and a girl stand in front of a large crowd.
Younger looking man wearing black shorts and tank, with running shoes, laying down on a outdoor bench.
A woman walking beside a purple wall.
A young girl dressed in vibrant clothes, grooms the dapple horse.
The employees of a culinary establishment prepare food for watching customers.
Two young asian girls look off into the distance while standing in an urban area.
A man and a woman stand facing each other in front of a silver-colored wall.
An older gentlemen who is wearing a striped polo shirt holding a little kid's hand.
A baby is sleeping with his blanket on.
A man in a green long-sleeve shirt playing the violin in an empty auditorium.
The brown dog is running in the water.
Two small babies are sitting in identical strollers.
An old lady wearing a hat and smiling.
A middle-aged woman is repairing a part under the hood of her car.
Group of male and female singers on stage.
Two men with red vests and green hats smoothing out wet cement
Men doing construction on a road.
A man in an orange shirt and yellow hard hat walks on a road.
A construction worker siting on a green tractor.
A tractor with a shovel arm is operated by a orange vest wearing driver at a construction site.
Two small dogs play on the lawn.
A blond lady in a pink shirt is singing in front of a brick wall.
Three individuals preparing food on a kitchen counter.
A few people and cars out on their daily commute on a rainy day.
A girl sits in a car wearing sunglasses and a hat.
One man is standing in a red room while another person sits next to him.
A female Texas A&amp;M tennis player dribbling the tennis ball.
Two men in white shirts with matching logos inspect the engine of a vintage red convertible.
A man is banging on pots and pans in his kitchen.
There is a man walking with a bag in front of a black square paneled wall.
A small child on a blue toy is wearing an orange shirt.
A kid takes flight inside a multicolored balloon bounce house.
An obese man dressed in only shorts, parking a red motor scooter
Three women are jogging on a path.
A small dog jumps by a car to reach a lady's face while another dog watches.
An infant wearing a blue outfit is crying with their left hand visible.
Two senor citizens talking on a public street.
A man working on a contraption in an abandoned warehouse.
Four men looking up at another man getting ready to do something.
A man walking in front of a building with graffiti on it.
A young man pauses to examine the image on his camera.
A group of young Asians are sitting on steps, eating and watching something going on in front of them.
A small toddler girl in a white dress walking
A woman dressed in a buff or light yellow dress and fairy wings entertains children at a festival.
Three men drinking coffee sitting at a conference table.
There is a child in a red and yellow toy car.
Woman in orange jacket playing with a black dog
A guy taking a photo of another guy who is standing in front of a broken television.
A photographer with a red sweatshirt is inside a building.
Four people standing in an empty building with graffiti on the walls in the background.
A man in a red jacket takes pictures of graffiti.
A man in a jacket jumping around a stick-pole on the beach.
A man in a kilt playing the bagpipes.
An elderly man and a young woman share a laugh on the beach.
Two men play acoustic guitar in a public place.
A man is standing in a pond and playing with water.
Two naked boys at a pool.
A little brown dog with a blue collar is being walked along a path.
People getting tired while travelling.
Two older ladies are sitting at a bench as a gentleman walks past them from behind.
A little boy clowns with a colander on his head.
A boy in a green shirt is holding a picture of Castro in the street.
A child standing in the grass with their arms spread wide.
A young woman in short leggings and a thin green sweater is walking outside in a snowstorm.
A large rock formation in the middle of a forest.
A group of people stand around talking with drinks in their hands.
Woman drilling a hole in a rock covered in blue squares.
Two old men sit in the front of a boat named Cyranka on a lush, tree lined river.
A smiling boy kneeling in a forest.
A toddler plays the guitar and pretends to be a rock star.
Two women holding fast food drinks are laughing.
A man in a red cap is speaking to a man in a black shirt and a man in a pink shirt with a shaved head.
Three girls carrying large handbags are walking down the sidewalk.
A man with a headscarf is gesturing with his eyes closed while holding some kind of stick.
A meeting of young people sitting at a conference table.
A kid wearing a brown hoodie doing an ollie.
A young individual lays in the sun on a hill drinking a soda.
A woman in tennis clothes running to hit a ball with her tennis racket.
A young boy swings a golf club with an open field in front of him.
A woman with blond-hair is smiling and putting on a white sweater.
A nude woman submerges herself in a natural pool.
Two men carrying a hot basket while a couple and a man look on.
A girl waterskis on an autumn day.
An orchestra and choir prepare to perform in front of a golden statue in a large building surrounded by columns.
Two young children under a blue and yellow umbrella.
A person sits with their back to a column while another person sits on nearby steps leading down.
White dog with dark markings jumping to catch an object.
The boy is coming down the amusement slide on his knees.
Children play with wooden blocks in a room with a view of trees.
Three black dogs play in the grass.
A man in a black robe talking to another man with an orange backpack on the street.
A blond girl wearing a white dress is arguing with another girl wearing a peach and white dress.
A man wearing glasses is sitting at the table and checking his i-phone.
A group of people sit on both sides of a red stone structure.
Two brown dogs together standing on the bank of a lake.
A little girl plays in her toy house mansion, showing multiple bedrooms, and some other cool places to explore as well.
Workers are attending to a building with many windows.
A big brown dog sniffs a smaller dog in the gravel beside a body of water.
A woman and two little boys posing for a picture at a dinner table.
A little girl with a purple fuzzy hat is riding a tricycle outside.
A black and white dog is climbing down a hill.
A group of people are sitting in collapsible chairs near trains and train track.
A dog runs in a field.
A man stirring sauce with a wooden spatula in a steel container on a stove top.
Two dogs fight over a green stuffed toy.
A man sitting down with his snowboard next to a woman standing with ski on a snowy mountain.
A teenage boy skateboards by a fence.
Two overweight black women wearing work uniforms are sitting on some steps.
Someone wearing shorts and a t-shirt jumping over white chairs.
A woman wearing a black top standing in front of and holding a microphone.
Two children play in a yard with farm animals.
Two men dressed in Arabic garb standing in a hallway.
A group of black people are dressed in African clothing, and they are looking forward.
A young man wearing jeans and jacket walking down a street.
Three men are standing on stage performing.
Two women and a man are standing on a stage with a guitar nearby on the floor.
A young woman is holding a music player with earphones as she walks.
Two men playing guitars in an empty room.
A small band performing for people in a nightclub.
A four piece band playing on stage before some people.
Kids are partying while listening to their iPods.
Four people wearing aprons and holding a mug in each hand are pouring something into each others mugs.
A scantily clad woman dances around a seated man.
A girl and a guy sitting on the ground while the girl is blowing bubbles.
A man on a ladder scraping some molding on a building.
A girl has her head in a wooden cut out of a pirate ship while people throw tomatos.
Three ladies are together and one of them has 2 fingers exposed.
Several dancers with tight black pants, skirts, and colorful scarves dance.
A dog is running and catching a ball
Several people are dancing together in sync.
A group of singers auditioning on a Broadway stage.
A singer sings in the evening at a nightclub.
A group of people are performing on stage.
Group of people wearing white shirts and black pants dancing on a stage.
People auditioning on a stage dancing.
A row of girls dressed in black sit on a stage.
A white dog is running on sand.
A girl on skis in snow.
Man reading a newspaper at an outdoors restaurant.
People in a crowd that seem to be listening to someone speak and possibly worshiping.
A mountain biker rides in the woods.
The little girl is playing with her shoes off.
A dog chases two geese.
A brown dog runs through the water on a beach.
A young boy plays on a merry-go-round.
Two young boys wearing shorts and sandals throw pebbles from a dirt path into a body of water.
Two women are in a bathroom and one has a broom.
A woman of Asian looking descent in a black outfit standing in the airport baggage area.
The young child is sitting on the grass in a park.
Here is a picture of a man with long hair in a ponytail who works at this state park.
Young boy jumping off of a trampoline into a lake.
Two dogs fetch sticks in the snow next to the tree line.
A little black girl wearing a blue bandanna with small gold earrings.
A man stands at the peak of a mountain and has his hand on a monument.
Two young boys are playing volleyball.
A man in a suit is standing at a podium in front of an audience.
An important older man gives a speech to reporters.
A woman in a white tank top is sitting at a table with Margarita glasses.
A girl in a gray shit is throwing her hands up.
A woman eats a meal outdoors, sitting on a picnic bench.
A mother is holding her baby in her lap at a restaurant.
A man in an orange shirt ponders over his beverage.
A man and a baby sitting on a blanket on the lawn.
A man with a beard and glasses sits holding a small child.
A man eats a waffle next to a baby
A sweaty short-haired woman stands in front of a microphone.
A woman with her backpack sits on a large rock and looks down over the mountains.
A mustachioed man sits as two boys stand on either side of him at the entrance to an alley.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt jumps off a swing.
Two small boys are wearing red shorts and yellow sleeveless shirts.
Two children are playing on a pile a rocks.
Two soccer players both reach to kick a ball in a stadium full of people while others watch in anticipation.
Man in jeans sweeping the dirty sidewalk.
A masked man in blue shirt and a tie holding papers in front of him.
A man with a camera on a crane.
A bunch of kids climbing sliding and playing on a really cool playground.
A young girl performs a one handed cartwheel near a small garden.
This man is practicing kickboxing, where there is at least one other guy practicing as well.
A man in a lift bucket is trimming tree branches.
A man wearing an orange t-shirt and a hard hat is working with the wood-chipping machine.
8 people are standing by a river jumping for the camera.
A dark-skinned woman in a denim jacket is writing something.
A man jumping over a cart at Walmart.
A black and white dog leaps to catch a Frisbee in a field.
Two soccer players chase after the ball; one tries to maintain control whilst the others seeks to take it.
A guy and a girl talking on cement stairs outside near the bushes.
A curious little boy watching a snail.
A toddler playing outside in a garden with a coat and hat on.
A woman shows her spirit by wearing a team jacket.
A black gentleman in a suit is sing before a stand up mike
Two people ride together on a black motorcycle.
A man wearing a gray shirt jumps through the air with mountains in the background.
Two black and brown dogs are running through a field.
Five people sit inside some kind of public transportation, most likely a train.
Mustached man in blue flannel shirt and brown Baltimore Ravins hat smiles.
A skateboarder wearing a red plaid shirt does a trick off of a concrete ramp.
A man with a mustache grills hamburgers outside.
A boy in a helmet is riding his tricycle down a grassy gravel path beside a fence.
Four little kids playing soccer in a park.
Two young children dressed in red soccer uniforms are enjoying the game.
Little boys play soccer outside.
A young child in his red soccer uniform sprints under the watchful gaze of his father.
Two boys in red uniforms playing soccer.
A little boy in a red soccer uniform is standing next to a soccer net.
A young boy with a broken arm sleeping in a hospital bed.
A group of people gather for a picture while a woman stands on a post and takes the picture.
A student uses old planer to work wood in a shop.
Two men working a machine in a wood shop.
A craftsman is sawing a plank of wood.
A man in blue pants and a blue sweatshirt makes a railing out of wood.
A man in a blue jeans and sweater is working
An elderly person paints an imitation of a painting having on the wall while sitting.
A brown dog chasing a yellow toy.
A man in a red jacket is bicycling down the road.
A man with safety ear covers working on wood.
A man wearing orange earmuffs cuts a block of wood with a chainsaw.
A man works on constructing the stairway in a building.
A man plays an acoustic guitar on a plaid bed where three others sit.
A store is having a book sale.
A woman is driving her car with two dogs in the backseat.
A young boy is playing in the yard.
Two women sitting down at a party, drinking large glasses of beer.
Some people smile at each other over some beers.
A young man wearing a yellow shirt and baseball helemt swinging a bat
Man cutting into a piece of meat with a fork and knife.
A woman is using a ruler at a desk to mark a sheet of paper.
A dog weaving through an obstacle course.
Men are standing around, talking to each other in a room with a cloth ceiling and folding chairs.
A group of men dancing outside.
A crowd of scantily clad people at an outdoor festival
A group of children in soccer uniforms chase after a soccer ball on a grassy field.
A dog standing up on two legs with something in his mouth.
A woman with short dark hair is holding a glass.
A guy is holding a red and white balloon at an indoor party.
Four dogs jumping over a hurdle.
The white dog is running through white posts on an obstacle course.
A brown dog wearing a red collar diving into snow.
A musical band's vocalist and guitarist play center stage together amidst an impressive light show.
A band is playing instruments for a little crowd.
A bunch of people are standing or sitting in a snow valley.
A black and white dog jumping in the grass after a Frisbee.
A small string orchestra plays in a church where a crowd looks on.
Two men are each playing a violin.
A man with no short and red pants is laying down on a sidewalk.
A young lady lying on the ground near water relaxing while reading a book.
Two young men and two young women wait for a bus on a Japanese street
A lady is on the floor packing a suitcase.
People and several dogs in a swimming pool in a park like setting.
A dog, nose to the ground, walks in a grassy field.
A male street performer juggles a brass ring using two sticks, while a couple and a male passerby, look on.
A woman dressed as an angel is distributing paper advertisements.
People dressed as angels running down a street.
A woman hands something to a street performer dressed in a white gown.
A man, dressed as an angel, holds another person who is also dressed as an angel and is handing a piece of paper to a passerby.
Two men in angel costumes jumping next to a woman on crutches.
A young woman dressed in white with angel wings is balancing a bowling pin, while a man with a clowns nose is catching a bowling pen.
Woman wearing blue jacket and orange scarf holding up literature for crowd of onlookers.
A small girl wearing a striped shirt is eating an ice cream cone with sprinkles on it.
Two brown dogs are biting each other.
A baby is peeking over the top of a blue playpen.
A man in a blue shirt stands with his hands on his hips.
At the beach, a barefoot woman in a black skirt steals the red ball from a man in green shorts.
A man in a white suit walking on stilts.
Five people dressed mostly in white are jumping on the sidewalk in the city.
A lady dressed as an angel playing with children.
At a mall, three women in white angel costumes entertain a little girl wearing a black outfit.
Several people with name-tags sit in blue theater-style seating.
Three adults sit at the front of a classroom while one woman stands behind a desk.
A man in a sports coat is talking into a microphone.
Some sort of council sits at a table attentively looking out at the crowd.
Girl kissing butterfly resting in her hand.
Some people are sitting in a watery pool beside the river.
A man with a hat kneeling and taking a picture.
The lady in the aqua shirt and blue jeans is sitting on a white bench.
Three men wade into the ocean shore.
A group of men wearing similar clothing backpacks through the countryside.
A longhaired man surfing a large wave.
Three men, one in a blue shirt, one in a striped shirt and one in a white shirt are talking.
A young man plays a grand piano while others visit nearby.
A girl flies through the air as a man stands with his arms outstretched.
A small girl jumping off on a barrier.
A rocker with a flowered shirt and tie holds a drumstick next to a shirtless drummer.
A man with stick in field with two dogs.
There is an older white-haired lady and a bulldog sitting on a tree stump.
A brown dog with tongue sticking out jumping over a log.
A girl going on a ride in a circus that spins around in circles up in the air.
A man in glasses prays with two other men.
Two golden dogs are chewing a white cushion on a wooden patio.
Two dogs fight over a piece of cloth.
A person dressed in black and red protective gear drives an ATV on a track.
A young child in blue jeans sliding down a blue slide
Three women, two with tattoos, walking down the street
The dog runs in the park.
A team of baseball players in blue uniforms, walking together on field.
A person in a wheelchair is on a sidewalk.
Two men talking to another guy in a green cap as another man sleeps on a bench in the back.
A man in brown clothing is swinging at a golf ball with a club.
A child slides down a slide and into the water.
A group of people walking arm and arm across the green grass.
A man is throwing freesbies into the air and the border collie is catching them in the air.
An older man plays violin in a bar.
A woman is playing a guitar in front of a tree.
Man and jumping dog perform Frisbee act for crowd at outdoor event.
A man dressed in blue pulling on a rope that's attached to a boat.
A man is crouching down holding on to his large brown dog.
A man in a black shirt and jeans stands at a microphone holding a guitar.
A male gymnast is swinging on the rings.
A little boy with his leg covered in painters tape, his brother wearing a superman cape.
A dog jumps off a wooden porch.
A rider on a white horse is in the middle of a jump over a hurdle.
A black dog and a white dog playing in the street.
The lady is putting colored lipstick on her lips in the mirror.
The man wearing a red shirt, is jumping into the air.
Two people travel down a path going though a woods with a giant waterfall.
Overhead view of vendor selling clothes and apparel.
A woman makes paper mache spheres while her friend goofs off!
Men clothed in traditional German attire raising beer glasses.
A white dog is following a black dog through the grassy area.
Two girls running through pool while water sprays over them
The girl in the bright red outfit is skipping across the path.
A man looks through produce at a Farmers' Market.
A woman in a pink scarf, purple sweater, green shirt, holding two boys, both in striped shirts, walking in a city park.
Two women stand outside with a young girl.
A woman holds a fish up that is connected to her fishing pole.
Cycling team standing around in sunny tropical area
An Asian man performs on a stage decorated with many lights.
A guy relaxing in a lounge chair in his sunglasses.
A baby boy swings in a swing, with a big smile on his face.
Young girls stands on one foot on top of a rock while her hair blows in the wind.
A girl in a sports outfit balances a soccer ball on her head.
Some guy stuffing his face at a get together.
A woman juggles in a public place while wearing an angel costume.
A man smiles at a street performer dressed up as an angel.
A toddler sits in a bath, playing with a yellow toy and a toy dinosaur.
A person in a blue jacket sweeps up on wet brick.
A little girl with a ribbon in her hair is picking her nose.
The girls, all dressed in white, juggle batons in a courtyard.
An old man with blond-hair in a blue shirt and brown hat is playing an accordion.
A dog trying to jump a wire fence with something in his mouth.
A man with a mad standing on a ladder holding yellow measuring tape.
People working together to secure a ceiling panel.
A man on a boat is using a large stick to push another boat away.
A person climbing a large rock with another person on the ground helping
A band plays in front of a crowd at a Euro Jazz concert.
A black and brown dog standing on a beam above water.
A man with a beard stands in front of a used tires business.
Three young african children in a poor part of africa one riding a bike.
A boy in a surfing shirt is swinging on a swing.
One adult and three children outside playing and having a good time.
A man is holding a little girl that is wearing a striped hat.
Boys dragging a monkey on the African plains.
A man balding, with glasses, and a tan suit jacket, fingers the strings of the inside of a piano with his left hand.
Man has fallen off of a large white bull into a muddy pin.
The man in the blue is posing for a picture next to his car.
A man is wading in a river.
A young kid standing on a rock next to a body of water with his arms spread.
A boy standing on a football field with a colored ball.
A large white and black dog is running very fast through the grass.
A tan dog is bounding through grass.
A woman, in a t-shirt and a skirt, leans forward in an attempt to throw a large sized black ball.
A woman with thick curly blond-hair sits outdoors at a table.
Workers wearing orange tear apart a cement structure with their massive vehicles.
A man and two boys jump on a trampoline.
A man with a beard in a captain suit with a bike next time him.
A yellow dog jumping off of a porch.
Three people standing in a group at a park and one man reading at a park.
A group of people on a boat.
The three boys who are wearing life jackets are looking into the water.
A kid is trying to climb a big rock.
A boy baseball player in a green and yellow jersey leaps for the ball.
A girl trains her white dog with treats.
An African American girl who had just received a doll from a family who adopted her from the states.
Four young children appear in this image wearing pants and shirts while they lounge in the room.
A person hiking up a hill in the snow with a dog.
A boy jumps into the blue pool water.
Five boys are sitting on a gray raft in the lake.
A man working on a building three stories up.
A man in a blue vest sits perched outside a window with a paint can.
The man in the backpack looks to his left.
Girl running through a field with a brown dog and a white dog.
A man and woman shop together downtown in a city.
A little boy kneels and prepares to throw a basketball.
People stand in front of a sign that says "The Deep End."
A young pitcher, wearing a maroon shirt and hat, has just thrown a pitch.
A man wearing camouflage is down on all fours.
A Chelsea soccer player (Frank Lampard) and a Liverpool soccer player both make an attempt at the ball while the referee watches in the background.
A guy with glasses is working on a computer in his office.
A man in a red shirt trying jumping to get a handhold in a mountainous corner.
Four men pulling a cannon on a wagon.
A lady throwing an object at a target trying to win a prize at a carnival.
Two dogs are playing in the sand.
Two men standing on a dock looking and pointing at boats.
A man with orange boots stands with a few other people.
A walking guard stands in front of an Asian looking building.
Enjoying a parade on a hot summer day.
Person standing in the water by a yellow boat with an oar in their hand.
A young boy shovels sand into a mold.
A black dog with a brown muzzle swimming in water.
Two women sit facing each other while one looks out the window and the other reads a book.
Blurry image of one young boy being pushed in a cart by another.
A black and a tan dog.
A toddler riding on the shoulders of her dad
Two women are looking into a glass case.
Two soccer ball players are chasing after the ball.
Six children running through a field of flowers surrounded by trees.
A man is painting words on the front of a sales stand.
Two children climb on chains strung between two wooden poles.
An elderly person wearing glasses and an oversized gray coat is sitting in a doorway.
A woman in white clothes sits on the street.
A man sits near a bicycle while people make selections from a street vendor in the background.
A man pedals an unusual bicycle past a firetruck.
A man jumps to catch a frisbee, while a man and a woman run towards him.
A group of people holding a sign that says "Maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody".
A black dog and a brown dog with a stick in his mouth are running in the field.
A group of four hiking through a snowy forest.
A woman and a dog both with the butts turned towards the camera
A boy is blowing bubbles
A little girl is blowing bubbles through a yellow hoop.
There is a man working on a billboard.
A player fell down onto a hard court in women's volleyball.
A volleyball tournament that is sponsored in a Spanish country.
A man wearing a yellow shirt and carrying coffee walking onto the sidewalk
Two little boys holding up there bowls of food for the camera.
Two men, one with a black shirt and the other with a white shirt, are kicking each other without making contact.
A young girl jumping in the sand on the beach
A shirtless man is laughing at his friend posing for a picture with a drink in his hand.
A police officer is standing in a doorway.
A tan greyhound wearing a gold shirt with a number on it runs down a track.
A woman stands in a field of flowers.
A man playing with a soccer ball as two others look on in a large expanse of grass.
Red-haired female answers questions while sitting at a table for craftzine.
A man with a red and white shirt and blue shorts, is jumping to hit a tennis ball with his racket.
Four people playing a game in the grass.
A man in a kiln sharing a snack with his kids.
Many children playing outside in the grass practicing punching.
A boy in a blue shirt on a mound of mud
Foods and beverages on display in a Japanese marketplace.
A young child plays with a colorful toy outside.
A girl in a white hat is jumping to play tennis.
At some kind of large seated event, a man and a child make strange poses.
An elderly woman is making tea in her kitchen.
Two girls pillow fight in a school play yard.
A small girl climbs a rock wall.
Small boy in black shirt laying across bricks and sticking hand in the mud.
A couple of people struggling through a muddy pit
A man wearing a swimsuit dives into a pool surrounded by a screen.
A girl is sitting on a chair in a white room.
A man is sitting in a wooden chair in front of a white bookshelf and orange lamp.
Many motorcyclists ride along the street.
A person with a fishing pole is backlit against a blue cloudy sky.
A man holds up a fish he just caught.
A man is ducking down between the red tulips in a flower field.
A small child with blue sandals rides a scooter near the beach.
A young Asian boy running with a white and gray dog on green grass.
A little boy is in a bathroom holding a green ball.
A father and son are flying a red kite.
A man on the sea.
A young boy in red Crocs and a helmet hangs from a climbing wall.
Three people gathering and binding sticks or brush.
A man in a baseball cap is participating in a protest against ICE Raids in front of Stonehurst Elementary School.
Some people are sitting around a fire and drinking.
A young boy with reddish hair and gray colored eyes sticks his tongue out.
A man carrying wood in the wilderness.
Person on a wakeboard in the air
People practicing martial arts in a training hall.
Two girls in karate uniforms struggle in a dojo.
A man is sky surfing on the water.
Two teams of girls on the field are getting ready for the soccer game.
A girl in a red, white, and blue soccer uniform playing soccer.
A man in a white shirt and dress pants sits just underneath a stone archway.
The person is holding a picture in front of their face.
Four people are sitting around a TV playing a video game.
Two men are staring at each other, wearing country-specific uniforms.
Two men who look very similar with beards are fighting over a waffle.
A man wearing a black sleeveless shirt doing construction work.
A man in a dark tank-top holds an iron bar while looking to the right.
A man in a black tank top is smoking.
While playing soccer girl in red striped shirt runs into girl in white shirt.
A man in a red shirt is learning how to climb a cliff.
Buddhist man with glasses sits at highly decorated desk in colorful office waving around a peacock feather.
A woman holding a small ball chasing after a small boy.
A blond dog runs down a path next to a rhododendron.
The man fell asleep during work or class.
Three people swimming in the water and one person on the sand is running into the water.
A Hindi man sits behind a table with a bell looking at objects.
Blond girl smiles while sitting on the side of the road.
A man sits by a dock looking at the water.
A girl sits on a rock wall while looking at her cellphone.
Little boy kicking pink soccer ball on a basketball court.
A woman wearing a scarf stands near the water and looks down.
A burly man on top of plastic pipes flexing in a black and white polo shirt.
A person is flying with a yellow parachute above a green building.
Children playing with broken office equipment.
Three men pouring cement from a cement truck.
Construction workers in orange working by a street.
There is a man in a light shirt climbing a rocky cliff.
A white-haired man is staring at a metal rod.
A man is laying under a large mossy rock in the forest.
A black dog splashes in the water.
A construction worker in a white hard hat with a tribal tattoo on his right arm working in a bent over position.
Closeup of little girl dancing
A brown dog running through a pond.
Lady in a blue shirt who seems happy about the paper she is holding.
A group of women is laughing while the women with blue top is holding a green paper.
A singer, singing for people to hear.
The six kids are in the shade of a leafy green tree.
A yellow dog is walking along a mountain trail
A little boy watches a Ferris Wheel in motion.
A young, barefoot girl in red sunglasses plays in a sink.
Two children sharing a space that permits them both to maximize their individual aspirations.
A rock sculptor working on a rock.
A man is rock climbing at sunset.
A child in a black hat and blue shirt is standing behind a wooden pole.
The young child is standing in a martial arts pose.
Two boats are being maneuvered down a quiet river.
Two people in a boat paddle their way past large trees.
A skull of rowers on a lake.
Two black dogs play in the waves at the beach.
A person jumping in a rock and treefilled area.
A teenage boy runs through the dirt near a house in the country.
People gathered at a med-evil type festival.
Two young boys in swetashirts at a playground
Two people sitting on a tree stump next to a stream.
Women in white dresses are accompanied by men in tuxedos as they walk into a church.
These people are relaxing in the tall grass.
Small boy reaching for blue bar in play area, another child in background.
Two hippies playing music in the quad, one even has blue hair.
A man moving rocks out of a wheel barrel.
A man holding a green bowling ball stands by the ball return machine in a bowling alley.
Two children riding tricycles are passing a pink banner.
A woman in red is sitting on the edge of a steep rock.
A group of people both adult and children stand around a bunch of sheep.
A man jogging in a marathon
Two dudes kneeling down on the ground, making a hand gesture to the sky.
A band plays in a bar setting
Four cowboys sitting at a table drinking Jack Daniels in the middle of a rodeo arena.
A little girl in a striped shirt smiles at a restaurant.
Man wearing black shirt bent over using a saw to cut through stone.
A young boy and a young girl are reading a book together.
A woman is weaving with a comb in her hand.
A painter on a ladder paints the brick exterior blue.
The blond woman is crouching in a field of pink tulips, near a grassy field and trees.
Three lean, numbered, greyhounds race along a track.
A Man is riding a go-cart at the go-cart track.
A small sweets vendor sells under a tent at night.
A man is performing a physical feat as people walk by and watch his performance.
A group of girls sitting together talking.
Four young kids have a picture taken of them while in midair.
2 girls washing a floor covered in soap.
Boy wearing a red shirt standing on a plastic object and holding a yellow toy shovel.
A small child is chasing water squirts in a fountain.
A man wearing a white shirt, black slacks, and white socks, in a resort hotel room, has leaped into the air to land on his bed.
A man sleeps on a foldout chair on a sidewalk.
The flight attendant dressed in yellow demonstrates life vest usage.
Two young girls holding hands and walking down a path at dusk.
A crowd watches a baseball game as a man makes it to the base while another man tries to get the ball.
A large dog is running on the grass.
A male in a baseball cap sitting on a wall painted black and yellow.
Three black girls wearing white shirts smiling
A child in a jacket is sitting in the grass.
Several men are standing together behind a railing.
An older, balding man is sitting at computer with a reflective orange vest on in a work environment.
A man on a motorcycle going around a corner.
A man wearing a blue vest and brown pants hiking up a mountain.
The dog tries to bite a big blue ball.
A man in a red shirt and a woman in a khaki shirt are standing talking.
A black dog is shaking water off his body.
The little girl is wearing a white T-shirt with a peace sign and a sea foam green tutu.
A man in Seattle holds a sign begging for money.
Two friends are walking down the street engaged in a lively conversation.
Three men are working on a home improvement project.
A woman walking to work in front of a family on vacation.
A dog running on the beach
A man wearing jeans and a red plaid shirt stands inside of a phone booth.
A group of people on a sidewalk and a woman with cleaning utensils.
Two men sit on the sidewalk with shopping carts filled with their belongings.
A medium sized brown dog jumping
A pair of hands involved in a task.
A group of people in a modern-looking casual restaurant.
From this angle you can see the tile floor pattern in this restaurant very well.
A child is running on a chalk covered pavement.
Two white dogs running in the grass together.
Two children walking down a path in the woods.
A man dressed in a jean jacket and black boots sleeps on the floor.
A woman about to eat in a white room.
The two women in the middle are holding red cans.
A lecture for a women's group.
Two woman marking a paper while standing in a crowd of people.
Three women looking at an object on a couch.
Two men stand on a pier next to a teal colored watercraft.
A spoof drag queen dances on a bands stage.
Two female cheerleaders are doing a cheer while being lifted into the air by male cheerleaders.
A man holding a bottle is standing over a grill.
A woman selling her wares on blankets on the ground with a stone wall behind her at an outdoor market
A dog swimming in a pond
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog that is lying on the floor.
A man at work with a navy colored sweater diving.
A man on a motorcycle does a wheelie on the track.
Two thin dogs are running fast through tall dry grass.
A brown-haired lady smiles at the camera in front of trees.
An old man cleaning trash on the street.
A man in a safety vest sweeping up garbage at an outside venue.
A man sitting at a table in a restaurant.
A teenage girl with short brown hair knits with large needles and gray yarn.
A man throwing a stick for his black and tan dog.
Black kid in black shorts bounces soccer ball on head at beach near water with another man looking at him.
Three men working together in a field.
A child wearing a red eye covering is reaching out to touch a very large bubble.
A person is walking on a busy street while wearing a backpack.
A woman in a black dress and flat shoes holds her head as she waits to cross the street.
Three children are pulling faces on a purple bench.
A mother is playing with her two children on a seesaw.
A man jumping off a ramp on a skateboard in a crowded park.
A young boy is carrying tire rubber down a dirty road.
A man making his chip set under the microscope
A group of children posing for a picture outside of a trailer.
A brown and black bull runs from a small black dog.
A man is doing tricks on a bicycle on a ramp while a crowd watches nearby.
Local vendor in the city selling his product to city folk.
A couple kisses on a busy sidewalk.
People walk on a sidewalk next to tram tracks.
A man and woman garden together on a sunny day.
One woman spikes the volleyball while the other attempts to block.
A black dog is running in the yard
A group of people walk through a carnival.
A man dressed in a purple shirt and red bandanna smiles at the people watching him.
A woman wearing sunglasses and a flowered shirt looks to the left.
Two people stand by a camel with containers strapped to him.
A lady watching kids play on a tree.
A crowd of people walking on a sidewalk in a city.
A girl with red-hair is jumping on a sand dune.
A formally dressed couple, she with her mouth open, stand next to each other.
Some women playing volleyball.
There is a large crowd in front of a building.
A man is sitting on a bench and reading a book.
A group of people are outside a brick building taking pictures.
Dogs running and playing in a grassy area.
A dog waits for a man to throw a ball into the ocean.
A boy spins on a park playground.
Four men and a small boy sitting around an indoor fire.
A parent holds back her son from jumping onto the tracks.
A child is sticking her head out of the 0095 taxi cab and screaming.
A man is speaking into a microphone at a podium.
A man appears to be cooking up some food for customers in the street.
Woman weaves while young girl sits nearby with colorful weaving all around them.
A woman with a blue hat on holding an umbrella with a large crowd behind her.
A yellow dog runs through the grass.
A dog lies on his back near a child reading a book.
Three people gathering at a conference.
A restaurant setting inside a building where people are currently dining.
Two men talking to each other.
A black and white dog jumps high to get a green Frisbee.
A black dog jumping to get a soccer ball.
Man in a green t-shirt on a rope line jumping from one rock to another.
A young woman shoots a gun at a target.
An accident involving a green Sudan and a gray van.
A child flying a kite.
A little boy sitting among others in crowd with a curious look upon his face.
A small brown dog in the grass trying to catch bubbles
A white dog with beige spots is running through a field.
A man in a black shirt holds the hand of a little girl in pigtails.
A young boy in a blue and brown shirt plays in the dirt with a rake.
Room of people using computers, and testing technology.
A man working on a bright orange machine.
Three children play in the garden.
A young man in black casual clothes walks indoors past a row of computer monitors on.
A dog is running towards a ball to catch it.
A black dog and a gray dog run on the beach.
A woman in sunglasses drinking bottled water.
Two men are sitting with their mouths wide open.
People are talking at an exhibition.
A woman makes a gesture with her hands while sitting at a cafe.
A man in ruffles pushes a stroller through a park.
Two young adults stop to take a picture with men dressed in costumes.
A transvestite standing on a city street in a polka-dot getup and fishnets.
The woman wearing a dress and hat, sits on the steps, with her head on her hands.
A brown dog chases a Frisbee
A man in a white shirt and striped tie making a speech at a podium.
A man in a suit is giving a presentation inside a building.
A group of woman standing in front of a blue Sallie Mae banner.
Old people sit and laugh at a restaurant.
A woman wearing a crown on her head stands out from the crowd at a park.
A blond woman and a man are gathering outside with people.
A group of cheerleaders working and planning some of their routines.
Three women wearing neon baseball caps and heart t-shirt are cheering.
Two tan dogs play with a blue toy in a green field of grass.
A worker is working on the glass of a tall building.
A street vendor is reading a newspaper while waiting for customers.
A brown dog runs through the grass.
A smiling baby wearing a striped shirt, held by a woman with gray hair.
Boy crawling through a cement tunnel.
Child in a blue hoodie and shorts is sliding down a slide.
A girl smiling at the camera from a rope swing.
A young boy in a white shirt is kicking a ball into a goal.
Children wearing helmets ride horses in a ring.
A black and white dog walking over a blue dog ramp
Two dogs are playing; one is catching a Frisbee.
People eating outside of a restaurant, enjoying themselves and drinking beer and other drinks.
Many people are gathered around the city street.
A young woman writes a message in chalk on the pavement.
A dog leaps of a dog jump.
A woman is holding a baby as she writes with a green marker.
A youth pulls on a cord while eating a sandwich, barefoot.
A young boy wearing a cap holds his sunglasses while signing a banner.
An African boy sips on his spoon in a green room.
A man wearing a snorkel and goggles gives a thumbs up as he and another person speed through the water.
Two women are writing on a sheet.
A line of people has formed under a sign while other people lie on the ground.
A man talks animatedly to a person in an orangutan suit.
A very happy boy signs a large piece of paper with plethora names on it.
Two girls are sitting on the ground and one is wearing an animal costume.
A woman in white shirt and purple headband is sitting and holding a pole with white a cloth.
A boat sailing past the rising sun.
A man with a camera and a dog on a mound of gravel.
A woman wearing a yellow taxi costume poses on a street.
A band plays at a concert while the audience raises their hands over their head.
An old man is wearing a black jacket.
Two dogs running through a low lying body of water.
A crowd of people sitting outside a building.
A slightly overweight young man, with long black hair and a green sweatshirt, leans back in a chair holding a bottle to his chest.
This is a young man jumping midair on a trampoline.
A man in an apron is testing food while cooking over a stove.
A woman in a blue apron cooking in a kitchen.
A white dog with orange ribbons is jumping up to see a countertop.
A man with a cigerette walks past graffitti which says "Where are you?"
A young man in a blue t-shirt is holding his hand up to his mouth while sitting on a couch.
A young woman mid-jump on a trampoline in a beautiful countryside.
Child sliding down a blue slide with mother at the top of the slide.
Six people are rafting in a river with a valley scenery.
A Asian or Chinese male singing a song with the direction of an Asian or Chinese female.
Two little girls walk out into the sunshine.
Emergency personnel tend to a victim who needs help.
Toddler in pajamas plays with paper cutouts of the letter "P".
Two females standing next to each other looking up at the ceiling.
A woman makes coffee at a coffee shop.
The boy wearing the blue shirt is running on the grass between the trees.
A girl on wood and a man walking outside.
A crowd shot of people lined up in front of a theater.
A man with an accordion walks down the street of a public area.
An elderly woman in tribal dress weaving brightly colored fabric.
The black dog catches something green in its mouth.
A big tan dog runs through a grass field with his tongue hanging.
A little girl holds the water hose for the dog to drink from.
A dog participating in a race while wearing the number 6.
A young couple relaxing against a stone wall.
Two women on green chairs are looking at a book.
One crazy man does the bump with a car as a friend looks on and laughs.
A bearded man wearing red shorts, a black t-shirt and mirrored sunglasses reclines in a folding chair.
A woman in a yellow shirt is standing by food stand.
Three pre-teen girls wearing sunglasses dance and sing in a family home.
Sting is singing and playing the guitar before an audience.
A man in an old suit holding up a protest sign in a crowd of people.
A black dog carries a toy on the grass.
Children are under a large fountain in the city.
A man and woman are playing on a subway.
A child jumps off of a swing while it is in motion.
A man relaxes in a tub of water with a candle lit behind him.
Two men on a stage playing guitar and singing.
Woman walking down stairs with little girl in an arena.
A teenage boy is holding up a large white sheet of paper at an event, with two toddlers also in the picture.
A little boy is walking carrying a little pink flag.
Three young people stand on the street conversing.
A man in midair holding his bike's handlebars
A black and gray bucking bronco is attempting to buck off a cowboy at the rodeo.
A group of people are standing around on a street.
Bright blue car going down a dirt road, as onlookers watch.
A man eats corn on the cob while talking to a woman.
A woman wearing glasses holds a mirror with one hand while drawing a picture with the other.
Bikers stopped on a road.
A large group of teenagers are seated indoors in yellow seats.
A little boy holds a decorated cardboard box on his head.
Two men, both in blue, stand on a boat with a gun.
A person eats noodles.
A man is lying on the ground, laughing, during a ballgame.
A man playing cricket
A man and a dog on rocks on a beach.
Three people discuss the setting up process for a social event.
A man with a dark brown shirt is climbing up a rocky elevation.
A woman holds a baby while another child looks on.
A man in pink is chewing a toothpick on the subway.
A girl in a red skirt with some hula hoops
Three young girls and two blond women are jumping rope on the beech.
A race car moves down the road as two people watch from a distance.
A man in a sleeveless blue shirt and athletic pants punches a punching bag.
The drenched dog is swimming.
People sitting outside with a big tree on the left side.
Two women are fighting in a martial arts tournament.
A teenage boy in a white shirt is speaking to a group of teenagers who are sitting at picnic tables in front of a park.
A dog swims through the water.
This is a child, dressed in red and blue, swinging on a swing.
A woman looking outside through a window.
A man in a white t-shirt jumping something on his yellow bike.
A bridal party poses for a group picture.
A group of people in the grass while one person on the right sits in a tree.
An old man peeling carrots in front of a crowd.
A man and a woman are playing violins outside in front of a window.
Small dog catching a ball in its mouth on a beach.
Barbecue for three on the boardwalk overlooking the water.
A man climbs large rocks.
The brown and white dog is catching a Frisbee in his mouth.
A group of people picnic on a grassy hill near the ocean.
A girl in a black shirt is looking to the side while sitting on a wooden bench.
A father and son are feeding the birds on a spring day.
There are three women in pink dresses standing up drinking out of wineglasses.
A group of people in semi-formal clothing dance.
Several people are walking in the street and one has a cigarette.
A man in a safety suit training a police German Shepherd.
Three sheep graze on the grassy field with a dog walking behind them.
Artist in courtyard sitting drawing with people in foreground.
Five young girls in front of a green camping tent, four sitting and one standing, enjoying a snack and having a conversation.
A young girl is getting ready to hit a softball.
A boat carrying several men is pulled to shore by a large team of horses.
The young football player is trying to avoid being tackled.
A group of people are enjoying beers in the park.
A woman in blue denim shorts sits on stone wall.
A group of men in a yellow boat with their dogs.
A man throws a green frisbee in a park.
A pair of young boys in t-shirts are hiding in the woods with one looking aghast.
A little boy in a kilt is fishing with a stick.
A girl in a white dress walks toward the water and away from white boots on a beach.
A couple kisses in a shady walkway.
American hat is with blue stars and red stripes, looks pretty on this girl.
A man starts his day in India.
The black and white race car is rounding the turn.
Six contestants in a very close bike race all in different color uniforms.
A brown and white dog playing with black dog.
A man stands in a run-down looking area.
A man is painting a yellow line on the street.
There is a curly-haired brunette reading a menu.
A man dressed as a cop, has a fake vulture perched on his arm.
Two yellow dogs play-fighting.
A boy stands in the pool at the bottom of a blue water slide.
A white car racing in the dirt and water
A red rally car taking a slippery turn in a race.
A yellow race car sliding through a corner as spectators watch.
3 people, one man playing a guitar while sitting on the floor and two people playing a game on a sofa.
A young man jumps on a table.
Two high school basketball players reach to grab the ball, one falling to the floor.
A man in a red shirt with a backpack walking past a vending machine.
A man in a gray suit is talking to another man in a black suit.
A man sitting in a boat is floating near a cave.
A man in a green shirts is sitting and designing a folding fan while waiting for customers.
A baby wearing a blue jacket is sitting in sand.
A man wearing a gray sweater and brown shorts cutting grass with a lawn mower.
A man all in gray is a living statue.
The little girl is sitting on an old bench and making a face
An older man sits among piles of scrap metal and tools.
A man stands on a grassy cliff that overhangs a deep blue ocean.
A little boy bowls in a carpeted hallway.
A young boy in a striped shirt running down a sand dune.
Two long-haired men with beards playing instruments, one a banjo the other a violin.
A group of people are standing together outside as one takes a photograph.
Little girl in pink is on a ride.
A woman wearing a scarf over her hair in the distance behind some flowers.
Bag lady going through the trash.
A group of people is gathering various items in front of a fallen tree.
Spectators watching white and blue race car passing by.
Little kid running into the ocean, with pigeons all around.
A race car screeches through a turn as spectators watch.
A lone woman in a hat is sitting outside on a bench, under a tree.
A wet child standing in water.
Three women wearing coats walking down the street on a rainy day.
A man trains his body pulling a keg.
Workers clean the steps and the facade of a large statue in a park.
A girl running through uneven sand with some withered grass.
A white and tan dog runs through the tall green grass.
A girl and boy bounce on large balls.
A girl in a white dress holding roses gives some to a man in a gray tank top.
Five people taking part in a discussion on a stage.
Three children are playing on a swing on a summer day
A man in glasses looks at his electronic device.
Two people huddled near the ground in a dark alley.
The girl with a red coat is walking across the grass.
A woman with a pink scarf talks on the phone in front of a Pink store.
Rider in ceremonial garb rides white Arabian horse, also wearing ceremonial blankets and tassels.
A woman wearing a bright red dress and bright red shoes is walking on gray pavement.
Guy with number 12 jersey throwing soccer ball.
A group of soccer players waiting for the game to start
Six workers are working on the train tracks.
Men in orange uniforms are in a tunnel.
Railroad workers working on the tracks at nighttime
Hard labor workers moving gravel on a rainy day.
Several people wearing orange vests are walking along the railroad tracks.
A man in an orange vest is working with wires on a subway.
A construction worker is talking on the phone in a train tunnel.
Two men in professional clothing and hard hats are conversing over reports.
Two construction workers are working on a scaffold.
White man standing on scaffolding wearing an orange jacket painting a ceiling.
A workman is wearing an orange vest, hard hat while tiling a building.
Men in orange vests work together to lift an object.
A man is standing in front of a large gear.
A construction worker in an orange vest is looking at a train tunnel with a Kennington sign on it.
Workers are at work under scaffolding.
A man in a bright orange vest smiles as a group of men work behind him.
A worker is holding a yellow machine on an escalator.
A man wearing an orange jumpsuit is working underneath a railroad car.
A man with an orange vest next to a train works with a handheld device.
Two men wearing orange vest using an industrial cleaning machine to clean stairs.
Two men with a dolly on an escalator.
Men wearing orange uniforms and fake wings walk down a subway tunnel.
A group of workers at a train station.
Workman on a scaffold are finishing a ceiling of a building.
Two black and one white construction workers work outside.
Workers in orange vests are working on the train platform.
Construction workers are laying bricks in the median of a train station.
A hallway is littered with ladders and fabric during construction.
A man doing maintenance on the railroad tracks
Men in orange vests are at work on a construction site.
A man demonstrating how a computer system works.
A balding man with glasses is holding a guitar and singing into a microphone next to his band mates.
A man is playing an instrument and singing.
People stand in the parking lot in front of a Central Market.
A girl drives a toy truck while a young boy plays behind her
A baby at the end of a slip and slide at a party
Three men having a conversation outside of store.
A man in an orange suit is welding an iron pole.
Orange vested men in hard hats working with jackhammers
Two men appear to be having fun rollerblading down a sidewalk.
Construction work taking place on a gravel railroad.
A Quattro crane is operating during the train station construction.
A man standing on the tracks.
Construction workers are standing upon on a wooden bridge.
Someone waring a orange safety vest standing on a railroad bridge.
Four men wearing orange vests and white helmets are working on a railway track.
Workers wearing orange vests are at a station
The back of a train worker in an orange vest and jeans at the Kilburn station platform.
Workers in bright orange vests on the railway platform.
A group of workers in orange vests are unraveling an orange hose in a building.
Emergency workers with hoses lined up and descending down stairs.
A subway worker stands next to a car with several garbage bags inside.
Construction workers repair walls of a subway.
Construction workers applying siding to the inside of a tunnel.
Painters on scaffolds paint the inside of a subway terminal.
Many people in orange jackets are working in the subway station.
Construction workers toil on in a trench.
Many people in bright orange vests seem to be working in a large building.
A tram inspector in an orange vest inspecting the tram seats.
A man holding a hard hat wearing an orange shirt looks at the camera.
A worker taking a reading on a subway train.
Four city workers wearing orange vests are working on platforms in a subway.
Workers in orange vests putting up a yellow drop cloth.
Men in orange vests and white hard hats stand on scaffolds working.
Men in uniform working on a railroad.
Men are standing next to some sort of hydraulic machine.
Construction workers stand near tracks at night.
A group of people wearing orange coats with white stripes are standing together holding a piece of paper.
Train construction workers talking to each other during project.
Two middle-aged men playing a game in a park on a sunny day.
A toddler is petting the little white dog.
A man chases a little girl in a flowery dress down a paved trail.
Several people are sitting around a picnic table drinking beers.
A crowd of local fishermen inspect their nets on the beach.
Parents with young children sitting at a picnic table.
A young man is holding a little boy and looking at him with love.
A woman in a red sweater is sitting next to a man at a table outside.
He is calling his wife to tell he will be coming late.
A woman in a beige jacket walking in a busy subway station.
The family lines up for a photo at a wedding.
Three young women and one young man singing in an auditorium.
A woman is holding a drink in front of a white tent.
A lady is taking a photo using a canon camera.
Three chefs prepare dishes for customers, one of the chefs is a female.
A group of kids look out of a fence.
A man without a shirt climbs a rock wall with help from a red rope.
A girl in a black sweatshirt pours a bit of liquid into a small glass.
A family takes a ride on a yellow boat.
A group of people stand outside at night talking.
A woman in a red business suit sits on a step sharing food with a man in a leather jacket.
A group of men in golden shirts singing in front of a microphone.
A man in a uniform carrying a box exiting the steps of a plane.
Three boys lounge on an outdoor basketball court.
A woman at the beach is sitting under an umbrella.
A man in an orange vest holds a large bird.
Two men are standing on a sandy beach in front of the ocean.
Construction workers are working in a tunnel.
Walter Lou Anne Kitty Employees cheering in the success of creating battery powered locomotives
A group of people standing around in a room.
Here is a picture of an Asian woman drinking beer outside and sitting on a green bench.
A woman making a sand sculpture of a horse's head.
A girl is throwing a football on the beach.
Man and woman riding bikes on paved, fenced path near ocean.
People walking through an intersection of a city consisting of a grill and pizzeria.
A little boy walks with a woman wearing red in a wheelchair.
Men gather around a basket full of fresh fish as another man lifts the largest fish in the air.
Pops and the girls taking 40 winks.
A young boy smiles at the bottom of the slide.
A man kneels on the ground while holding a banana.
A group of men in orange safety jackets inspect the engine of some sort of tram.
Worker in orange jumpsuit and headlamp standing by equipment.
Two inspectors in orange vests checking the electric doors of a train.
Two workers are cleaning a structure at night.
A blond-haired man in a blue shirt surrounded by screens sitting at a desk and talking into a microphone.
An electrician in a orange jumpsuit tests several circuits.
A group of men wearing orange reflective vests and pants are posing for a photo.
The boy is outside holding a spray can.
Two young girls making upside down cupcake shapes in the sand.
A group of women are eating on a terrace.
A woman in a blue shirt guides her dog over an obstacle.
A black and brown dog stands on a roof.
A young child wearing a red shirt swinging on a faux tire swing.
A child putting eye makeup on a another woman.
A white dog with a collar and leash is about to chew on a stick.
Two boys cutting some meat.
A dog is splashing through water trying to catch ice in its mouth.
A man sits outside a building.
The silhouettes of men against a cloudy yet bright sky.
A young child is riding a purple bike.
A man wearing a white hard hat is in the middle of hammering a nail into a thick board.
A girl with a red shirt is running in the grass.
The baby in suspenders sits by a toy.
A man and two woman eating food at a local festival.
A black dog runs in a yard while a woman observes
A group of people sitting around a table with drinks.
A group of people are gathered on the beach, one man is carrying a surfboard out of the water.
Two big dogs play in a room in a house.
A black dog is running along the beach.
A group of cyclists are looking at something on the road.
A girl in a yellow dress is standing on the pavement outside a store.
A little girl is opening a birthday gift bag excitedly
A lady in a blue shirt and pants is walking down a long hallway that is sparsely lighted.
A woman is waiting to cross the road.
A group of people in an outdoor exercise class.
A woman dressed in all red is making a "rawr" face and a claw imitation with her hand.
A black dog is walking along the grass sniffing at the ground.
A dog pounces on the grass.
Two Indian people are dancing at a wedding with flower petals all over the floor.
Guy playing the guitar on a bench with another man watching him.
A man wearing jeans, polo shirt and a baseball cap, fork in hand, is grilling meat outside in a fenced yard.
A man and two children at the beach.
A brown and white cow jumps away from a black and white cattle dog.
A young girl dressed for a wedding amongst the bridesmaids.
A man in a tuxedo and a woman in a bride's gown are leaving a church.
Two men playing guitars in a band on a stage.
Closeup of young boy with his face and body painted.
Seven construction workers working on a building.
A man in a yellow jacket throwing a yellow Frisbee.
Man in a white shirt talks on the phone while others in the background walk past.
A group of Native Americans sit in a circle chanting and beating a drum.
Young boy riding a bicycle with an older man.
Two men install a statute and sign on top of a tree.
A man in a florescent jacket is wearing a helmet.
One woman in a black shirt swinging very high on a swing.
A little boy in a red shirt talking on a cellphone.
A man in a navy coat leans in to kiss a woman in a cream coat.
The little child is wearing blue goggles.
The children play with sparklers at night.
A blond women in sunglasses sitting on a bench.
A brown dog with a tiny soccer ball in its mouth is standing on a blanket
An older couple taking a walk together.
A man in a lab coat wearing glasses and looking at a computer monitor.
A young man in a black shirt is cutting meat.
A man seems surprised when he got photographed while he was cutting meat in his kitchen.
A man in a cowboy hat grilling food at a campground bar-b-que.
Persons of different races and ethnicities waiting to board a light train.
A woman with a brown jacket reaches into a cupboard.
2 people at a beach burying a 3rd person up to his head in sand.
A woman dances by herself as many people, in formal attire, watch.
Two Asian men and Asian woman sit in black massage chairs.
A man in an apron grilling corn.
A girl hanging upside down on a rope over a grassy lawn above a city.
The elderly man wearing the white cap is holding his thumb up.
Several people are exiting a commercial jet aircraft.
A man sitting on a ledge eating an apple.
Woman in a blue shirt drinks while cooking over a grill.
A man with a ponytail and cutoff shorts is hula hooping.
A man in a rustic looking kitchen lays food out on the counter.
Three little boys standing next to and on a fence.
A black and white dog is walking with a blue Frisbee in its mouth.
A boy falls off his red bike.
Two dogs both have the same stick in their mouth while they are swimming.
A man playing acoustic guitar in front of a shop window.
A large brown dog is jumping into the ocean.
Two young girls wearing dresses and bonnets stand next to a tree.
A person is using metal tongs to turn a shish kabob at the grill amongst other grilled food.
Two dogs stand in a puddle, and one has a yellow tennis ball.
A man walking a dog puts his arm around the shoulder of a woman with pink pants.
Delivery man in a blue baseball cap in a school.
A boy climbs rocks in the woods.
Kayaker is in rough water.
The rock climber appears to be stuck between a rock and a hard place.
A motorcycle rider making a turn.
A young man playing an electric guitar while sitting on the sidewalk.
A red-haired woman in a pink shirt attempts to descend a tree.
A child climbs up the inside of a red tube in a play structure.
A redhead wearing a red shirt climbs on tree branches.
At a little league baseball game, an umpire calls "safe" as a player crosses home.
A woman in a patterned dress sings into a microphone.
A group of people on cellphones looking at the sky.
A girl holds onto a rope above the water.
A man in a laboratory pours a clear liquid into a machine.
Man in plaid suit shaking someones hand.
A black and brown dog is running on the beach.
Three children are playing soccer in the sand.
A girl is looking over a boy's shoulder as he reads a book.
A woman in blue pants is rock climbing.
A small boy in a bathrobe is sitting in a metal chair.
A woman in blue sweatpants is leaning against her backpack in the forest.
A woman with white hair chisels at an uncompleted sculpture.
A young boy tilted forward in a child's swing.
A group of people playing a game with a tennis ball on a beach.
Two dogs running through grass next to a street.
A brown dog running in field of long green grass.
A little league boy making a hit.
A young, left handed batter in baseball the moment after he made a hit with a catcher nearby and a crowd in the background.
Little girl about to cool down in her pool.
A young girl with glasses sits and holds two American flags.
Kids in helmets play hockey outside.
Two men in baseball hats selling asparagus and other vegetables from an outdoor stand to a woman carrying a green bag.
A brown dog is jumping through a field.
A man in a number 11 shirt ready to play soccer in the soccer field with thousands of people watching.
There are many people wearing helmets riding on bikes.
A man in an orange safety vest is walking towards some buildings.
Three dogs racing madly around a racetrack.
Young man dressed in black with white tennis shoes, lying on a large gray stone.
Dark colored Mercury car parked in front of PNC Bank.
A young girl in swim goggles does the backstroke in a pool.
A young boy wearing a yellow shirt walking on the beach carrying a surfboard
Three kites are in the air in front of a mountain range.
A girl is practicing her serve in the parking lot.
Four women in similar red outfits are singing and using drums as they perform.
Farmer's selling preserves out of a van.
Closeup of dog in profile with mouth open.
Two children lay in the grass.
People looking at clothes and other items at an outside market.
A black dog standing in the water.
A person with swim cap and goggles taking a breath.
Five men are standing in a boat.
A young barefooted girl leaps in the air while playing a toy guitar.
A man playing with a ball toy with his brown dog.
A woman dressed in black and white smokes a cigarette in a grassy area.
A black dog soaked in liquid jumping to the grass.
A girl bounces in a harness with a building in the background.
The baby sits on the sandy beach.
A man wearing a hoodie and jacket is sitting on a bench in a park.
Two dogs walking along dirt path.
A boy in an orange "Spring Hill" ball team uniform, pitching the ball.
A boy in a pool wearing Spiderman floaties.
A woman playing with play equipment while a child looks on.
An Asian man sitting on a city street.
Several people are standing and sitting on a grassy field watching a dog jump over a man to catch an orange Frisbee.
A brown and white dog is running across the grass.
A man in denim shorts and a straw hat is fishing off of the rocks.
A martial arts class takes place in Ourense, Spain.
A young boy and girl are sleeping in a bed.
A little boy sits on concrete wall by the ocean.
A man in a rice hat is carrying a lot of objects.
Swimming instructors show young girls how to float.
Four women in red bathing suits are performing in the water as a crowd of people watch.
A little boy in Hawaiian shorts plays in a sprinkler.
A guy in a black leather motorcycle suit an helmet on a silver motorcycle.
A crowd of people enjoying the sunshine in a plaza.
A woman pushes a man in a wheelchair; in the background is an arch.
People are walking through a crowded street.
A young boy plays in the fountains shooting up from the ground.
Two dogs run in the water.
A baby is holding a cup and playing with a toy watering can.
A small dog plays in the grass.
A white-haired man lays down his cane and hat and rests next to a tree.
The suspended painter is painting a wall.
A group of young teenagers try to catch an object in an outdoor alley.
Three men outside on the patio of a building.
A girl kneels on a round fountain that sprays water into the air.
A young boy climbs the rock wall.
The three black dogs are swimming very close to each other.
A man looks over a railing into the water.
A young girl chasing bubbles while running on a slate brick sidewalk.
A happy young couple having a glass of whine and talking.
Two ladies seated at a table share a laugh.
Women holds up two caricature portraits of herself while at dinner.
A person dressed in all blue walks down a road with tall trees on either side.
A man drawing a picture of two women.
A man with a hand injury is walking with a cane in a park.
Two dogs face each other in a field
A man in a green shirt is standing between two cars holding up 3 fingers.
Caucasian female In a black dress, Near an old Wooden Fence.
Two women contestants are walking their dogs in a dog show.
A cement truck pours cement on the street.
A child, sitting at a table, holds a sandwich in her hands and is crying.
People sitting or standing on a bus.
A middle-aged married guy in a yellow shirt is sweating and playing a brown guitar
A runner is being chased by a man in a penguin costume.
Two dogs run through shallow water in a bay.
A big, red tractor, pulls a flatbed along a dirt road.
There is a large group of people standing in grass with most of them holding their hands in the air.
A man running barefoot on the grass.
The two gray dogs are trying to get a red object.
A passerby and a sidewalk construction worker.
A woman wearing shorts holds a baby amongst a crowd of mostly children outside in a large fountain.
Two Asian girls are performing in costumes.
A woman is riding a bike through a busy marketplace.
A man is being lifted by another man in a asian martial arts move.
Two boys with wearing baseball caps are sticking out green stained tongues.
Two dogs bark behind a fence.
A young child runs down a gravel road covered with dead leaves.
A man is in a barber's shop getting a haircut.
A man is standing beside a large, colorful birdcage containing birds.
Two African-American children read a book.
Three people are standing in an aisle between two shelving units stacked with books.
A blond woman trying on some heels in a shoe store.
A white woman sits and reads while surrounded by six young black children.
Building with Blacks sitting outside in a third world country.
A woman in a green shirt standing at a podium.
A woman with brown hair is smiling and is wearing a convention-type badge.
A woman in a black suit stands smiling in front of another woman in a red jacket.
A group of walkers looking at a store display.
A man with a yellow shirt standing behind a black podium.
Laura Bush speaking at a conference on global literacy.
Women in African garb sit outside while one in Western wear walks past.
African Americans sitting on chairs in a classroom.
A man is talking while two people are near him.
Twelve children are sitting on the ground.
There are many children having fun at a party.
A young girl cleans the ground with a rag.
A mom is sitting down outside on a chair while holding her daughter in her lap.
A child in a swing.
A young African American boy sitting on a wooden bench in a library, looking through a book.
They are writing while wearing blue.
Three dogs run away from a patch of non-grassy surface leaving one another dog behind.
A man and woman facing each other on a bench.
Two brown couches facing each other across a coffee table piled with newspapers and magazines.
People walking on dirt road with two trucks
A man in a blue shirt and a woman in a pink skirt sit around other people in the background.
A group of people sits in the shade under a tree.
Two men in uniform hold up sign with young children.
A young girl wearing blue is jumping in the air.
A white dog is running down a path between bushes.
The dog walks in the shallow water.
A gray-haired man with glasses is sitting on a large bench with his legs stretched out.
A large woman stands in the street.
Woman in pink goes for a stroll through a field.
A man in a quilted jacket seen from behind stands in front of a wicker chair.
Six young boys, one African American, one Latino, and the others Caucasian, are standing in front of a chain link fence wearing various types of clothing, five of them are holding their ears.
Two male twins are folding a blue towel together.
A group of men sitting on the floor of a windowless room.
Small boys in sports jerseys play with a yellow ball.
A young man is shaving off his beard using shaving foam and a razor.
Several people are sitting inside a dark art gallery.
A professional athlete is stepping up to the plate to make a swing at the ball.
Two dogs playing with a stick in the water.
A man in a yellow shirt and khaki shorts is balancing on a metal chain.
A man fills up an old bucket with sand.
A toddler in a light blue overall sits at the top of a red plastic slide.
Steers and man enjoying a day at the beach.
Native man fishing in a dugout canoe on a blue green bay.
A man is playing a harmonica in a restaurant facing you.
A man with many tattoos and body piercings is swallowing a sword in a performance at an outdoor festival.
A man is mixing something in a very large bowl.
A man in a striped shirt is playing guitar for several people standing around him.
A woman carrying a bucket of flowers.
A man, wearing a blue shirt, is wearing headphones and working with sound equipment.
A policeman looks at an advertisement in a window
A boy in blue soccer shirt and shorts stands watching two other children play soccer.
A little girl in a pink shirt about to cry
A mountain biker in red is riding on a woodland path.
Four people are looking through a fence.
Cowboy in blue and red pants getting bucked off a horse.
A white dog running through the grass.
A woman is outside looking over the ocean as the sun sets.
The man races his bike down the hill.
A happy gay couple taking a walk through a park.
Five Asian people sitting around a round table.
People hang upside down as a roller coaster executes a spiral loop-the-loop.
A woman holds a line on a sailboat.
This dog is jumping through the water.
Furniture inside and outside of a moving truck.
A small child in an Izod shirt holds a cellphone to her ear.
Soldier sitting on top of Jeep holding a machine gun and soldier sitting inside.
A group of five police officers on motorcycles are riding on a city street.
A boy wearing a birthday hat plays in a puddle.
A football player running with the ball during a game.
A man repairs a glider on a sunny day.
Four men are performing work in a dirt lot, near a building, using a dump truck.
A person in an orange helmet is skateboarding on a ramp.
A man in a brown shirt is holding a blue hat above his head and a red hat on his elbow.
An outdoor festival seems to be taking place.
A younger man with glasses is sitting on a patch of grass next to other people.
This youngster says the rock climbing is a snap!
A man in a questionable bottom wheels his grocery cart across a gathering in the street.
A man squatting in a park looking at something in the distance.
A group of people who are naked and riding bikes in the streets.
A white man on a phone sits at a very messy desk.
A man in a red button-down shirt is teaching a class in a classroom with blue painted walls.
A teacher is fixing a little student's hair.
A boy with a blue helmet and gray pants is rock-climbing.
Two construction workers are wearing hard hats and orange vests.
Construction workers dressed in safety vests and hard hats inspect their work.
Man standing next to a speeding train looking at his cellphone.
A youth is kicking a soccer ball in an empty brick area.
A man playing ball at sunset.
A small dog barks at a brown and white cow.
A group of men standing outside a pizza place.
A small dog jumping up to meet a yellow soccer ball.
A man in blue and yellow shorts holds his hand over water.
A woman wearing a white bikini top is being helped by a man to cross an expanse of water.
Three people sitting in a room with a bike and a scooter.
A woman in an apron is holding a fish and there is a blue pot and several other ingredients on the table.
A child stands in front of a dancing wedding party.
While seated on a bench, a man in a red sweater is conversing with a man in a purple cardigan.
A brown dog jumps high in the grass.
There is a person standing on top of a stairway outside of a Costco store.
A group of cars parked on a hill
Two men at a concert are screaming.
A dog is wading through deep water while holding a stick.
Two men with orange shirts pushing children in strollers during marathon.
A small boy blows bubbles through a wand held by his mother.
A young girl and two young boys playing with scooters on a dock during the day.
A young girl in a pink and white dress is hugging a graduate.
In this photo there is a young boy dressed as a baseball catcher kneeling behind home plate.
A little boy is riding a yellow bicycle across a town square.
A black dog is holding a black bird in his mouth.
A woman in a green dress waits with her luggage.
A man laying on a seat face down, possibly sleeping.
An equestrian jumps in the air in the horse yard.
A brown dog gets wet in the water.
Three young boys flash signs with their hands and smile.
Two men and a lady are walking down a country road with a beer, orange juice, and electronic device.
Some people are eating at a food court.
A little girl in a white dress and no shoes walks down a dirt road in America.
An adult is pulling a child out of a ball pit.
The man is throwing a tennis ball for the brown dog to fetch.
People are riding the Cyclone thrill ride at the Coney Island amusement park.
A young girl in a pink shirt is holding a pair of headphones.
Girl is waiting for the ball to come down as she plays tennis.
Two boys play with a hula hoop in the yard.
A young man sits on the side of the road with his belongings.
A man and woman sit holding a sign reading "It's a nice day for a Gay Wedding."
A little boy takes a picture at the park.
A black man wearing a white suit and hat is holding a paper cup.
Two dogs are running towards each other across the sand.
Two girls are in a sack race.
Three women standing near a busy intersection.
A black and white dog looks back while walking on the beach.
A european farmer is putting hay down to keep the river from eroding.
Two groups of people sitting at a booth in a dinner.
Three women jump simultaneously by a seaside town.
A little girl holding a frilly white dress out for the other little girl to examine.
People watching TV while eating.
A young girl in front of a library runs through a fountain.
The beautiful young girl goes through the tube.
A dog's head is in the lap of a person eating off a small plate.
A boy and girl play in a pool.
A brown and black dog walking on the beach
A man in a white cap and shirt hand-paddles a small blue boat.
A smiling child hold a long yellow and green object while looking at another child who is holding a similar object.
A small boy in baseball attire swinging a bat.
A child with goggles and a swim cap swimming in a pool.
Young boys practice swimming in an indoor pool.
Child in blue dress holding sandal in one hand and eating blue cotton candy with other hand.
A band playing on stage for a crowd of people.
A girl in a pink shirt and a man in a white shirt are walking in a field.
A smaller white dog and large shepherd playing near two people.
A man with dreadlocks, strolling along a street side cafe while strumming a guitar
A teenage boy is performing a trick with his skateboard.
A man in a gray shirt stands in front of a stand with contains bowls of colorful powders.
A woman in a purple riding uniform rides a horse through a field.
Young boys with backpacks walk down the street past a large bust of Buddha
The family is relaxing in lawn chairs and having beverages.
A little boy with a dirty face lays on a colorful rug.
An artist waiting to sketch a person on the street.
A group of young boys standing near another boy sitting on a swing on a playground.
Two women in white dresses stroll through a park.
A man with a cigarette and a woman in a blue shirt are kissing in a bar.
Two men with orange vest leaning over a railing.
A dog hops in a field while another dog stands next to it.
A woman in a red shirt stands in front of a cow mural.
A black lab jumps off a dock into a pond.
A stand with many different dry foods, such as nuts.
A family eats sitting around a table and drinking wine, with two babies, the mother, father, and an unidentified woman.
People talking at an event in a park.
A group of people gathering around picnic tables in a park lined with trees.
Outdoors in a park, eight people stand close to a cluttered picnic table.
A group of people on the side of a busy street.
Woman in plaid shirt and skirt holding plant and smiling.
A girl wearing a pink hat is walking beside a sheep on a dusty path.
Two boys stand in the surf.
A young child enjoys playing in a car that features the cartoon character "Barney."
A little girl with blond-hair looking at the crowd.
A man kneeling by a bright red kayak with several kayak and canoe business signs behind him.
A tan dog and a black dog fight.
An old woman at a furniture shop, a small dog is looking as she walks away.
A man on a surfboard riding a giant wave.
The young boy flings mud at the barefoot girl in the pond.
A man holds a Turkish flag out of the window of a car.
A man in a blue shirt and brown baseball hat eating eggs at a restaurant.
Boy sliding down the slide with outstretched arms.
A man in neon green cleans up outside a building with some graffiti.
A little boy is posing on a stone wall outside.
A little pigtailed girl in a pink sweatshirt grabs the leg of a young boy.
A young boy and girl playing.
A dog bites a cat while they lay on a bed together.
There are six workers at a road construction site.
A boy is sitting at a table writing in his notebook.
A father and his child sitting on a bench at a barbecue.
A tennis player wearing a red shirt about to hit a tennis ball with her racquet.
A woman wearing a white shirt is holding up a loaf of bread.
Two girls with long hair jumping on a trampoline.
A woman with a flowered lei is playing the guitar.
A man with a mustache and black hat holds a small yellow item up to the camera.
Two black dogs are swimming in a pool.
A girl using a pink pen to take notes from her book.
Young adult in a green shirt with red-hair writing on a piece of paper.
A young boy blows bubbles on a grassy lawn.
A man wearing a green headband is working on a construction project.
A woman in a green bikini is in the water.
People are busy eating on the hotel.
Several people are in a room staring at a wall with projected images on it
Several people playing instruments in a room together.
One boy pushes a shopping cart with another smaller boy standing up in it.
A child is spinning a hand helicopter in a field of grass.
A young girl looks at all the fresh produce available at the market.
A red dog stands in a rocky shore, its feet in the sea.
Two dogs stand chest deep in water, next to a stick.
A large brown dog and a large black and white dog running together
Two brown dogs play in shallow water
An informally dressed orchestra is rehearsing in an empty auditorium.
A young woman in a tank top and culottes is carrying a baby.
The child is holding a camera up close.
A man is pushing a stroller down a wet road with a child walking along side.
A man is sitting down while welding an object.
A family jumps into a blow up raft in their living room.
The black and white animal is in the grass.
A man in a red shirt on the city street doing a fire trick.
A group of musicians are assembled to play music.
Two nude women painted black and white are riding bicycles on the road.
A topless woman is covered in mud.
A man a blue shirt cooking food on a grill.
An African woman standing near a picket fence by the roadside.
A man with a plaid shirt and green hat mows the lawn near the sidewalk.
A couple in a restaurant are holding hands.
An oriental woman who is wearing a hat walks down the busy street.
A dog with a Frisbee, swimming in a lake.
A black dog and brown dog are running around in the sand.
A group of kids jumping into a swimming pool.
A woman wearing a brown costume and fuzzy black wings is riding a bike
A man is playing a keyboard with another man playing drums.
Boys are standing outside of a brick establishment whie one boy starts to run.
A busy woman quickly poses for a picture while mopping the kitchen.
A group of children stand underneath some banners, stretching their arms over their heads.
An elderly man walking down the street unwary of the people around him.
A boy in a white t-shirt is splashing in shallow water.
A car is parked in a graffiti filled street.
A young, blond girl in a fairy outfit is riding a pink and purple tricycle.
A group of children running with a dog down a grassy hill.
A little boy with blond is playing with sand and a shovel.
Two men without shirts are washing a roof.
Two people walking along the beach at sunset towarn a group of people.
A tennis player in a white outfit hits a tennis ball.
A man who looks sad holding a tissue riding on a city bus.
2 guys are in a fenced in dirt area.
A lone swinger on a swing ride at the fair.
Two men carrying fishing poles walking along the beach.
A man wearing a white shirt with glasses stirring food on the stove.
Two women take outdoor photographs on a cinder track.
Two brown and white dogs, one jumping over a log while the one behind runs through the grass.
A man removes his shoes, sits on the bench, and watches the large fountain.
A man and woman in black sitting at kitchen counter watching a woman in a red tank top mix dough on a cutting board.
People walking down a sidewalk on a beach.
Three women are in different poses on a path lined by bamboo trees.
A man in a black shirt is reading the side of a bowl.
A lady in a kitchen is standing in front of the stove frying something in a frying pan.
A boy walking through chairs and tables at Au Bon Pain.
A man in denim overalls rides a Segway down a city sidewalk.
An adult holding a very young child's leg while he in on a hammock.
Three women are sunbathing on a rock formation that borders a body of water.
Man performing stunt, lady breaking block on his stomach with sludge hammer.
Two white dogs run side by side in green grass.
Two men working on a steel structure.
A large group of people participate in a marathon along a city street.
A group of cheerleaders in black and orange outfits are cheering.
A man in a blue jacket is up on a ladder that is being help up by a woman in a red jacket
Two men in a construction hat and reflective safety vests at work.
A gymnast is bending over on a yellow mat on the grass.
Children play in a soccer game.
Several women, wearing pink "Energizer" bunny ears, point to the right.
A black dog jumping off a dock into water.
Fishermen work their nets closer to shore while a boat sits in the water connected to the nets.
Large dog and cat staring at each other on a brick pavement.
A man is walking on the beach and leaving some footprints behind
A baby sits on a tire and holds a toy.
Rocks surround the feet of an adventurer, burrowing into an underground cave.
An old man sits on a bench overlooking the water.
An ice cream truck employee is sitting on the side of the ice cream truck.
A crowd hangs out in front of a pink "finish" sine.
A young toddler plays with his plastic toys on the sidewalk, while a woman with a shopping bag leans against a green metal bar.
A woman and two kids wearing hats walks down a trail.
A beautiful lady is sitting at a table dressed up in a light blue dress.
People are gathering for some event in the city.
The little white and brown dog is swimming in a pool.
Young girl posing with crowd in the background
A boy in a red vest and white karate outfit is sparring with a boy in a blue vest.
Three bridesmaids in blue dresses hold the train of a bride's wedding dress.
A woman in a bride's dress is inspecting a bouquet.
Bridesmaids and bride grooms are posing for a photo with the couple getting married.
A married couple pose for pictures on a grassy hillside on a cloudy day.
A married couple looking out, on the waterfront.
Two people sitting in the dark near a blazing fire.
A woman is running in a marathon.
A possibly drunken man lays on the ground beside a busy road.
An older man holds a small infant that's wrapped in a blue and white blanket.
A man in the park doing some rock climbing.
A young woman, topless except for paint or mud.
A skateboarder doing a trick in the air on a skating ramp.
Two dogs playing in a school yard
At a brick-floored area near the beach, a middle-aged white man surrounded by a white family is sitting and painting a portrait of someone.
A group of children are taught to use computers.
We pledge allegiance to whatever you want if you only give us a little food.
A female with a pink shirt painting a star on the american flag.
A homeless man in a white cap is standing behind large, orange cones.
Two girls sitting on ground
People that live in slums are showing how they attempt to clean.
2 boys standing in a poverty stricken area on top of a trash pile.
One man is sleeping, the other is jumping on his bed, both are wearing white and look to be on Indian descent.
A little boy and 4 turkeys walking
The girl is happily swinging on a swing outside.
Skateboarder performing a spectacular stair jump.
A construction worker is carrying two by fours, in front of a recently constructed wooden wall.
A man walks with a cow down a dirt sidewalk.
A Hawaiian man without a shirt on and wearing a pink flower in his hair and a green wrap playing an instrument.
A colorful parade in honor of photos depicted on a board.
In a living room, a young boy wearing a toy stethoscope prepares to listen to a woman's heartbeat.
A girl reaching down into the water while standing at the edge of a river.
A woman with curly hair is looking through a large display of purses on a table.
A dog chases a deer into the woods.
A man wearing a blue plaid shirt bites into some food.
An asian male brushing his teeth at a white sink.
A girl swings a young boy near an arched doorway.
A happy baby wears an orange life vest.
Two dogs run in a field of tall grass.
A group of people sitting on a couch sipping drinks.
A mother and daughter walking on the street, passing a man reading a newspaper.
The number four dog ahead of other dogs.
A man in a black jacket with a white stripe down the sleeve is smiling.
Two ladies are sitting and are watching something.
A well dressed man sleeps in front of a store window advertising books.
Sitting youth attempts to follow instructions and complete a model
A person on a motorcycle popping a wheelie in a parkinglot.
A small dog chases a tennis ball on pavement.
A woman shows a dog with very long hair at a dog show.
A man with white hair, blue jeans, and a white T-shirt chiseling an object.
Two men are interacting with some sort of mechanical contraption that is mounted on a wall.
An Indian man with a big cellphone.
A barefoot woman wearing a tank top looking at toys in an aisle at a store.
A colorfully dress person is posing with a blue and white umbrella.
A man is welding without the proper safety equipment on.
A little girl is taking a picture outside.
Kayaker in protective helmet and blue kayak keeps afloat in raging waters.
A person jumping off of a high rock.
A man in his studio is looking at his sculpture in progress.
A boy swings in the air.
A brown and white dog is walking next to a man on a skateboard.
A worker looks off into the distance while a China Shipping crate sits behind him.
The gray dog has its eyes closed.
A young boy rides a red horse.
A little dog looks at a tennis ball in the air and a parrot sits nearby.
A blond child walks past a store window display.
Two older men outside loading or unloading a trailer full of giant white cylinders.
A white dog sits on a rocky lawn.
A small boy in shorts and a red shirt, airborne on an inflatable slide.
Police on motorcycles are escorting a motorcade.
Two men are talking, younger and older, while the wise old owl listens, in silence.
A man with sunglasses on puts a chip in his mouth.
Two men greet each other with a hug.
People riding scooters through a crowded street.
A girl in a pink hat looks out at a pool of water.
The little boy bends down to look at an animal.
Several youths in black and white shirts and blue jeans walk down a street.
A black dog chasing a red ball through the water.
A woman irons clothing in a bedroom with hardwood floors.
A man in a crowd raises his arms pleadingly.
A group of people gathered around a brick building that has three men on top of it.
A young girl in a purple bathing suit taking a break by the pool.
A man in black is purchasing something at the register in a store.
A young man lights a lighter while another looks on.
Two men hugging in a crowd in front of a brick wall.
A softball player runs toward home plate.
A small group of workers appears to be working on street excavation or repair while a woman and a man walk past them as a black sedan drives by.
Construction workers pour concrete to fill a hole on the side of the road.
Two men are working with a cement mixer and pouring cement into a hole in a street.
The person on the bicycle is wearing red.
An older boy with his arm around a younger kid under a sequoia tree.
A man making balloon figures during an outdoor event.
A toddler and a baby play at the end of a slide.
A man with a bushy beard and pink shirt is smiling.
A woman is looking at the ceiling while taking off her hat.
Race dogs midair while they run.
Two boys dressed in white capes running on a path in a field.
An old man stands in front of a rundown building.
A man with a backpack sits on a fallen log by the river.
Two people standing with a naked guitar player in a busy street.
Three guys r working with a big glass frame.
A dog with a stick follows another dog through the water.
Am older woman in a black top intently reading a book at the kitchen table.
A smiling boy floats in a pool.
A big brown dog swims towards the camera.
A man and women sits on a beach while the sun sets.
The young lady with the red shirt is in front of the crowd.
Three police cars are needed to apprehend a suspect.
A school kid starring at a lemon juice shop feels like he wants to taste that juice.
A smiling woman holds a cake near a man.
While others watch, a young girl jumps into a pool as a woman reaches for her.
Urban Tree worker pruning a tree while suspended by a harness.
Men singing blues in one of the lovely orchestra episodes courtesy of Shell corporation of America.
A child with her head in a cut out of a cow.
A dog is fetching a tennis ball in a patch of green grass.
A dog bounds across the green grass.
A asian girl waters plants next to the driveway as a lady walks past on the sidewalk.
The little kid is swinging in the backyard.
A brown and black attack dog being trained by a man holding a stick
The large beige dog is running through the grass.
A woman, in the pink shirt, is playing Jenga, while two young adults watch.
A dog jumping over an obstacle course fence.
A girl in a floral dress cries on a sand dune.
A man is overlooking a big, snowy mountain.
Two people wearing jackets are walking by a museum exhibit while several people surround the exhibit.
A young girl in pink pants waters potted plants.
A crowd of people has gathered next to a field of colorful wildflowers.
A fast running Greyhound during a race.
An orange canoe aimed toward two other canoes on a lake.
A woman practicing martial arts in a gym.
Lady wearing a straw hat and flip-flops watches the tossed object fly through the air.
Three women and a little girl play with a small puppy.
A little boy in a green shirt is holding a large snake.
A girl sitting on a wall near white crosses in the ground.
A man in a yellow jacket rides a yellow bike laden with several packages on the street.
Five little girls in yellow play in a room with toys.
A woman wearing a black shawl walking out of a building.
A child with a sweater is holding a pen in his mouth.
A boy in blue drinking from a cup with other children in the background.
A cow farm at the base of a mountain near a lake.
Three kayakers are traveling in the water along side snowcapped mountains.
Children playing a video game together.
A boy catcher in a helmet, stretching out his gloved hand for a catch.
A man stands looking in the distance as the sun peaks behind a wooden structure.
A couple sitting on a rock overlooking a valley filled with trees
A woman in a headscarf in the desert
A little girl in a pink bathing suit laughs by a pool.
A brown dog next to a stone bench.
A group of people dressed in karate uniforms are all kicking into the air.
Two dogs play tug-of-war with a disc, in knee-high water.
A man and a woman stand underneath a brick arch and read newspapers.
A man in and England jersey standing in a grass field.
A child standing crouched on a tree limb.
A man heads into the shadows of an overpass.
A dog swims through the water while holding a stick in its mouth.
A construction worker stands at the top of a wooden structure.
These men are caged, building what looks like a foundation.
A child jumps upside down on a trampoline.
A child in a white dress is passing a table next to a pond.
A person is riding a bucking animal in front of a crowd.
Two female performers wearing costumes are standing in the street beside a building.
A child wearing a hat and a white shirt sitting.
Young boy cooking in a grill on the backyard.
A man leaps in the air on a snow-covered mountain slope.
Four females, one of which is a child wearing a mask in a pink shirt.
A young boy seems to be enjoying himself in a park.
Two men stand at the mid-way division of a city road.
A crowd is watching runners during a marathon.
Two guys stand outside of a building that has been spray painted with words.
A little boy skateboards on a cement ramp.
A tan dog shaking the water off of himself
A gray-haired man is standing in the water with a yellow bucket.
A woman wearing a scarf on her head sits next to a young boy wearing blue.
Two dogs are looking up at a person.
A little boy in a red shirt and baseball hat kneels in shallow water with a yellow bucket full of sand.
Two small dogs chasing a red striped ball.
A child sits on top of a large tree stump.
Little boy eating a red Popsicle.
Members of a band perform dressed in white while the drummer sits behind them.
A man is standing in the street during the evening.
A male and two female hikers pose in front of a mountainous landscape.
There is a toddler playing on a playground.
A group of people are sitting near the ocean.
Two small children, one boy and one girl, standing near a street vendor talking.
A brown dog smelling a gray dog's tail.
A woman in a wedding dress is brushing her teeth.
A photographer peeks out between rocky hills to take a picture.
Person in pink skis wearing skis on a slope.
The sun sets behind a bridge while a man rides a bicycle.
Several people are walking along a scenic one-way highway.
A young child sits on some pillows with a green tray of chopped-up food in front of him.
A black and white dog bounds through a field.
A girl with short cut hair is cooking food on a grill.
A boy looks surly as his father looks at the camera.
Black dog with black and tan face running through water.
A military member talks to another while on the streets.
A man with a scruffy beard passes out fliers near a few bikes chained to a gate.
The girl is holding a green ball.
An Asian girl carrying a pink bag is walking away down a busy city street.
Young man shows off by diving off a cliff in front of his girl.
The two small dogs run through the grass.
A woman with a white shirt walking down the sidewalk.
Woman wearing a black sunhat, black dress and black Ugg clogs, walking in a city square.
Two young boys in suits wrestle.
An Asian man and woman are facing each other and making angry faces.
Two women are walking across a street together.
Two men in orange jumpsuits are walking along a street.
A man sits with a paper in his hands.
The large brown dog is jumping into a swimming pool.
Three people standing in the refrigerated juice aisle of a store.
A young girl places a small picture into a foam backing.
Little girl with blue eyes eating cookies.
Five people are jumping in the air for a photo opportunity in front of a fountain.
A group of young men hand out in a park with their skateboards.
A group of people are eating in a restaurant with a mural of a lady shopping behind them.
A little boy, who's face is painted like a zombie climbs on a stone structure.
2 women on a couch, woman in white appears to be describing something in her hand.
Border collie jumps in the air and catches a tennis ball.
A woman poses with sunglasses shaped like dollar signs and a silver suitcase labelled "LUCKY" full of bills.
A blond girl is performing karate and kicking through blocks of wood.
A person wearing a hard hat rides a bicycle on the street.
Half naked man jumping into a body of water.
A construction worker pointing to an object or area not seen in photo.
A little girl is riding on the front of a shopping cart in a store.
A woman in a blue and white shirt is wearing a cowboy hat.
Woman with dark glasses and ball cap talking on a cellphone
Bird's eye view of a city worker walking on the street.
Man riding the JAL car in an airport.
A young boy plays in a yellow tunnel on a playground.
A woman with long blond-hair is reaching into the backseat of her car
A blond-haired boy in a red shirt and blue shorts painting on a canvas.
A boy slides down an inflatable water slide.
The girl in a dress is jumping in the air outside.
Two women are consulting a shopping list while stopped at the end of an aisle at Target.
A little boy sitting outside on the patio, coloring a picture.
A woman walking through a parking lot with no shoes on.
An elderly woman sits near a small Christmas tree holding an unwrapped present, and wearing a lampshade on her head.
Gardening is fun and relaxing.
Two women kickboxing, the woman wearing red is blocking a kick from the other smirking woman wearing blue.
A dog drops a red disc on a beach.
Four teenagers having a blast in a basement playing the video game Rock Band.
A woman in a red shirt holding a cellphone.
Two girls in a crowd are dressed up, one as the cartoon character Wall-E.
People are conversing at a dining table under a canopy.
A bride and groom, wearing leis, cutting their wedding cake.
Male cheerleaders are holding up female cheerleaders on a football field.
A group of men wearing colorful clothing twirl batons in unison.
A little boy spilled his milk from the green cup.
A man stands on top of a rocky hill.
A dark-haired man is minding a fruit shop.
One guy wearing black shirt sitting at table working on computer project.
String orchestra and conductor in spotlight surrounded by darkness.
A man is barbecuing hotdogs while 2 other men eat in the background.
A mother and her sun sitting outside.
A woman is hold a child while he reads.
Two men are having a conversation while sitting on the patio.
A group of people sitting at an outdoor table eating food and drinking alcoholic beverages.
The boy with his shirt undone is stretching his arm in the air.
A young boy in a striped shirt is leaning against a tree while another child sits at a picnic table.
The beach with a person in a red tank top sitting under a small tree.
A red shirted man is renovating his kitchen, prepping the wall behind where his counter will sit.
A boy jumps onto a inflatable water slide
A man is thrown off a horse while at a rodeo.
A young boy playing in a swimming pool
An older young boy and a middle-aged boy looking and laughing at a computer screen.
A child puts dirt into his mouth.
Six women wait to use a port-o-john in a field.
A man prepares a kite for flight.
Two women in tutu's and leg warmers stop for a chat.
Children playing leapfrog beside fountain.
A young girl in a pink shirt stretching to touch a green balloon.
Woman leading her small dog through an obstacle course.
We like this garden and we enjoy every evening in summer.
A man with a backpack is talking to a woman in a black shirt.
A woman is shopping for a stove top in a home improvement store and has found one that she likes.
A woman in a purple top and white cap jogging down the road.
A red-haired little girl in purple is fishing on a boat out on a lake.
A man walks on a low tightrope under a tree.
A baby boy is sitting on a beige chair next to a stuffed SpongeBob SquarePants.
A man riding a bike on the pier.
A brown and white greyhound wearing a red number five is caught in midair racing.
A woman passing by the shore.
A group of children in a church basement play maracas and tambourines.
A black dog runs around an outdoor swimming pool.
One smiling person wearing a black sleeveless shirt is hammering a nail into a piece of wood.
A statue of an angel mounted to the side of a building.
A little girl and boy are sitting on a wooden box reading books.
A smiling man in the driver's seat of an automobile turns to the backseat.
A boy smiles and swims in blue water.
A red car is caught in an explosion.
A man is walking to the front of a conference room.
Person hang gliding at sunset.
A flying machine with a yellow sail is landing with industrial buildings in the background.
People in a crowded city street.
Everyone on the street in the city seem to be busy doing their own thing.
A child and her mother are playing ball in a park.
Man in a camel colored jacket that is standing looking at the stone walkway.
A man in a ventilation mask is carving a knight onto a brick wall.
Three men look on as two other men carve up a freshly barbecued hog in the backyard.
A man catching a fish off a boat.
A group of people standing and sitting around what looks like a town hall meeting.
A group of people sitting at a table eating and talking.
A woman wearing a spaghetti-strapped shirt and a shirtless boy wearing red Shorts play with an over-sized checkers board.
A kid eating a takeout box of food
A man looks on while a child plays a game.
A woman wearing a dress is crossing the street.
An older man in a white shirt walks out of a building through a pair of wooden doors.
Two children holding balloons and a woman are on a sidewalk with a car off to the side.
A shirtless child plays on a "horse" swing made out of rubber while holding a woman's hand.
Three children are enjoying lunch on a picnic bench together.
A boy wearing a red shirt is shooting fireworks off a breakwall into the water.
A man bends down to light a firework near a lake.
Two older boys in hooded sweatshirts lay on a mattress in a store as two younger girls look on.
A brown dog running over grass.
A man stands in his small boat in the middle of the lake.
A kid in purple is doing a skateboard trick.
A group of ladies are having a party.
A woman is pointing while others are taking pictures.
A gray dog with blue eyes laying on a bright blue carpet while chewing on something.
A city worker prepares to cut down a tree.
A group of friends sit down for something to eat.
A boy playing outside on a slip and slide.
A young girl in a red shirt hitting a tennis ball with a pink racket
A man sitting on a bench taking a break from construction work.
A large white pipe is being lowered on a trailer, as two workers stand by.
A young girl holds a crying infant.
Teen boy practicing with a sword in a gym with his team.
A little dog is sitting on a person's bent leg.
A priest carrying a small blue bag walking down the street talking on a cellphone.
A man pours a drink into a glass, while a woman watches.
The boy who is walking is wearing gray shorts and no shirt.
A large group of people are hanging out on a large lawn.
A man in a gray t-shirt is shoveling cement from a wheelbarrow.
A man in a hat is digging near a fence.
A man cuts wood to add to the fence he is in the middle of building.
A man in a cowboy hat being stepped on by a brown horse
A man in a striped shirt is dancing in front of a band.
A baby wearing a blue bandanna is playing with a set of colored rings.
Two people rafting down a river, a footbridge in the background.
Two people in a canoe float past a rocky, wooded cliff.
A woman wearing a blue blouse and a blue jeans is riding in a bicycle
Someone in a green shirt running behind a small dog.
The woman is wearing a purple shirt and runs on the beach.
An elderly couple are sitting outside a restaurant, enjoying wine.
A man in a red shirt and a man in a yellow shirt are crouching in a crowd of people.
A man hammering a nail into a beam.
Two brown dogs chase and playfully fight with each other on the sandy beach.
A lady short-haired lady with a blank tank top is taking pictures.
A group of children outside a building includes a boy jumping in the grass.
Two men under umbrellas at a yard sale.
A man is floating on a small boat down a city water street.
Woman at the beach with a small girl.
Two old men with hats are standing in between cars with their accordions.
A young boy removes his face from a blueberry pie.
A boy kicks a giant baseball while a group of children watch.
A puppy is getting dry with a blow dryer
A small child in a pink hoodie ascending tall stairs outdoors.
A little boy is jumping out of the pool.
A cute brunette toddler girl is leaning with her hand against the wall.
Two young women stand by a Red Bull car.
A woman carrying a bundle on her head is leading two donkeys on a muddy street.
Dad enjoying with his in the swimming pool.
A woman wearing a blue checkered shirt scoops food from a pot.
A small dog chasing a ball.
Small boy is eating a lollipop and dancing in the street.
A green shirted man sits among the many unoccupied red seats.
A shirtless man is having a conversation with a seated man while a blond woman sleeps.
A baseball hitter holding a bat falling down.
A group of shoppers line the street of a commercial district beside a mountain.
A man sitting at a table with a hatchet looking at a broken mug.
A man rocks out on stage with his guitar.
A father pushes his daughters go-kart while another girl watches
One lady wearing a hat sitting in front of her house drawing portrait
A martial artist breaks ice with a kick.
One man lying of the ground in the grass surrounded by trees.
Three women waiting at the airport with their luggage.
A dog runs behind another at a park.
A child, inside of a store, holds a pair of tusks against his cheeks.
A smiling woman is playing the violin in front of a turquoise background.
Four men sitting in a room watching someone.
People in white shirts and backpacks looking around one of them holding a small camera.
Two women sunbathe by the water.
Blue crabs are being sold from a bucket at a fish market.
A cowboy and his horse both fall to the ground in an arena.
A man, trying to hold on, as he competes in a rodeo on horse back.
A young boy stands by a car that's being washed.
A man eyes the ground as he comes in for a landing from parasailing.
Man trying to guide a kit in the desert.
A man talking to other men while behind a camera on a tripod.
Man walks on sidewalk while talking on the phone.
A boy in a yellow raincoat examines a piece of food he holds in his hand.
A man with long hair is sitting on the couch.
A man in red shorts hits a volleyball in the air as another man watches.
A man with a backpack walking down a road.
People on a sidewalk looking into shop windows while other people just keep walking.
A girl is walking on a sandy path.
A group of people walking in front of a subway rail.
A group of people sitting outdoors.
A girl in pink pants running, an ornate Spanish ruin in the background.
A teenager in a red shirt is preparing to serve a volleyball.
A woman is standing with a baby next to a statue.
A brown dog nursing
A playful dog is jumping on the sand.
A woman in a red shirt with her arm raised.
Girl in blue sweater and holding a multicolor toy sitting on the shoulders of a man with gray hair.
A man in old costume leaps across an English street besides a Peugeot.
There are three men wearing dress clothes and standing around.
Two people sit on a bench as others in the distance move about.
A young girl in a plastic red firetruck at a fancy shoe store.
A man and women are rock climbing.
A young asian boy in a orange long-sleeved t-shirt holds a magazine.
A bridesmaid in a knee-length blue dress walks down the aisle with a grooms-man.
A man in a yellow tie and shirt is making the "hook 'em horns" sign.
A woman and man are standing together.
A bride and groom dance at their wedding reception.
Bride eating wedding cake from her new husband's shirt.
A blond woman wearing a blue and pink floral tie-front bikini on a beach, readying to put a flagpole in the sand.
Four men and a young boy are at a table set up for wood crafts.
A baby crawls on a wood floor near a bottle of water.
A small boy in blue crawls along a windowsill.
A man helps a young boy in a hat build something out of wood with a hammer.
A child in a wool cap looks at a box.
A man equipped with a chainsaw and protective gear is crafting a bird statue out of wood.
Two girls aboard an amusement park ride.
A very attractive woman is posing in front of a beautiful plant during a sunny day.
An older couple is standing in a kitchen together.
Four people are standing behind a balcony in front of a brick building.
A blond child inside of a box smiling
A green Volkswagen Bug and other vintage cars are admired by people in a courtyard.
Several young men browsing in C.D's.
A group of children climbing on a statue of a bear.
An older gentlemen puts on a one-man band with various instruments.
A young girl sits on the forest floor and looks up through binoculars.
A woman rides a red bicycle along a river while wearing a helmet.
A native American woman wearing a colorful shirt works on a loom.
A black dog and a white dog wrestle.
A man climbs over snow covered rocks by a shore.
A man breakdancing on a tiled floor
A child is asleep in a green stroller.
A street vending area that sells foreign food.
A lot of people around a few crates of fish.
Three tan dogs run after a tennis ball.
A young boy smiles as he hangs from monkey bars.
Three children run on the walkway by the river.
This woman is taking a break after a long walk or jog.
A group of bicyclists ride up the street.
A black dog runs paralell to a wire fence in a grassy medow.
A dog running with a red item in its mouth.
Children play in the blue and green jumping tent filled with air.
A man working underneath a train.
A man with a camera wearing a blue shirt and jeans stands between two tall buildings.
Two boys playing in dirty water
A college student texts a message to her boyfriend while she waits for her next class to start.
Elder men are getting ready to barbecue.
A big thin dog runs fast in a field of grass.
A group of men wearing red and yellow walking.
A young boy sits at a table and eats as food is spilled all around.
Two workers in neon green shirts opening a utility box.
A teenage girl is wearing a brown hat and a jacket with hearts on.
This young girl is enjoying the innocence of childhood and warm weather.
A young woman, dressed in casual, black clothing, is holding a sword, in battle stance.
Children in summer clothes play on a turnaround in a sun-dappled park.
The greyhounds are running quickly in this race.
Group of people walking around outdoors, one girl is being carried.
This church choir sings to the masses as they sing joyous songs from the book at a church.
A man is standing beside a train.
2 young girls are sitting in front of a bookcase and 1 is reading a book.
Kids jump off a pier into the water at dusk.
A couple on the side of the road talking.
A small white and brown dog is jumping over a horizontal pole.
A brown and white dog swimming towards some in the pool
A man in a white shirt digging a hole.
Children sit at a long blue table and draw pictures with crayons.
An older person and a young child walking together in front of a large building.
A woman in a blue top and hat is stretching or performing yoga on the beach.
A man wearing protective gear grinds down a large metal object.
A black dog in a flat field attempts to make a turn.
Boys in uniform behind a ball.
A lady with a green top is rollerskating through a crowd.
A man sits on a bike attached to a column in the air.
A young man in odd clothes leaning against a brick wall with a garden in it.
A young girl enjoys a frozen treat by the pool.
A photographer kneels down next to the edge of a dock with his camera.
Two men are looking toward the ground while one is wearing gloves and holding a tool.
A young man is playing the electric cello in front of a woman.
A man wearing glasses plays guitar in front of a microphone.
A man in swim trunks hugging a woman in cutoffs and a bikini top in a fountain.
A man with a bread looking at his camera.
Two dogs, one coming toward the camera while one walks in the background.
The little girl has a purple dress on.
Several women in headscarves are standing in a cobbled courtyard.
A girl and a boy sit on the ground surrounded by plants.
The black and brown dog is standing with its legs apart on the beach.
A man with a cup sitting in front of a wooden structure.
A young topless man wearing sunglasses and shorts is holding a football.
A small dog jumping some hurdles.
Two men, two children, and a woman all sitting down near a stand filled with purses.
Three men walk together in a plaza.
A young man wearing shorts and no shirt is high kicking as water flies from his clothing.
Five string musicians playing together on a stage.
Three men in black suits looking at something in front of them.
An elderly woman with a cane wearing sunglasses sitting on a bench.
An elderly Asian man in a blue coat with a cane sits outside a brick and cement older building.
People sitting outside under a green umbrella.
A black Dog, in a Alley maybe, He might be lost, and Cold, or Hungry.
Man and woman wearing black walk with arms around each other.
A young girl is sitting on the sidewalk, changing the tire on a bike while another young girl sits and watches her.
A baby is in a sandpit playing with a bucket.
The young lady appears to be a mime among her peers.
A fat guy in pink, drinking beer.
A female in blue jean shorts and a black top sitting in a wicker chair.
A small dog jumps over a jump.
Older man playing an odd guitar like instrument in what appears to be a park or open area.
A kid is playing in water in the street.
Three men are headed into a building on their way back to work.
Girl outside holding a pink flower that matches her top and smiling.
Several people prepare their stalls that consist of fish, vegetables and fruits for the public eye.
A man wearing a blue shirt and hat jumping on one wheel on a fountain ledge
A man is walking through a building while holding a small child's hand.
The large man grabs a seat at a restaurant.
Four people, three girls, one boy, are in a boat.
A female with glasses, a brown shirt, and a backpack.
Eleven individuals stand at a balcony looking out at the trees and fauna outside.
A european couple standing in the street kissing.
Dog and women with baby strollers crossing a bridge in rural area.
Man plays fetch with his dog near a boat dock.
Two little white dogs are playing outside in the snow.
A crowd of women are involved in an advocacy walk.
Two kids are in a stroller in front of a fire engine.
Two men in hats play banjo and saxophone outside with a hatted man sitting on a bench behind.
A young child with a gray shirt and pacifier is standing next to a toy horse.
A woman in a black shirt walking down the street
A white dog with black patches runs jumps through a spray from a hose into a blue plastic wading pool.
Acrobatic entertainers with no shirts perform for spectators.
A teenager girl jumps high on a trampoline and a toddler falls on his stomach.
A group of people looking at a multicolored picture on a screen.
The woman with a henna tattoo holds a piece of paper in her left hand.
A group of people are ridding a roller coaster.
A guy in a blue shirt next to a man in a white shirt who is looking at a guy in an orange shirt.
The woman stands looking at rows of magazines.
An asian woman wearing a blue coat and pink sweater holds a silver bead up to examine it.
A bunch of people walking down a set of stairs.
Several people talk and drink beer while sitting around a picnic table.
Older Asian man, wearing orange robes in urban area.
A man with a face painted like a clown is wearing a cowboy hat.
The girl is twirling long, colorful streamers.
An older man repairing a typewriter surrounded by other typewriters.
Small little girls sleeping on the floor.
Right leg in a brace, a young boy lies on the couch while using his cellphone.
People sitting and climbing on large rock formations.
Three blond girls and a dark-haired girl try to sell decorated shells and rocks.
Two people cooking a meal together in a household kitchen.
A little boy wearing a brown t-shirt is sucking on a pacifier with his hand in the air.
Four young boys flexing for the camera.
A young asian woman in an orange dress speaking to someone.
A horse bucks its rider in an arena as onlookers watch from bleachers.
An Indian man stands among a group of Indian people writing on a clipboard.
Little girl wearing lots of pink playing with her bicycle.
Few kids are bicycling around a path wearing shorts.
A white dog coming out of a blue tunnel.
A man in white pants walking through an arbour of people who are facing each other connected by their hands.
A man dressed in orange looks like he is playing an instrument.
A brown and black dog laying next to a colourful ball.
A boy plays with a noodle by the pool.
Two little kids having fun at a roller coaster
A woman is black is pole vaulting.
Two women in red skirts dancing for an audience.
Man and two kids on a boat on the lake.
A group of people sit on the beach, beyond a sign warning of rogue waves.
Two little girls swinging side by side in a park on warm day.
A group of people are sitting under a sunshade in a grassy woodland clearing.
Two females in skirts walking on the sidewalk.
A blond woman in pigtails walks down the sidewalk barefoot with a green tube on her back.
The woman crouches against a brick wall, speaking on her cellphone.
A man in sunglasses is writing on a pad with his bike leaned up against him.
The man has a black and white scarf around his neck.
A woman in a red shirt and a man in white stand in front of a mirror.
A group of preteens walks near a river.
A man with a mustache holds two boys in a pool.
Closeup of person playing a marching band snare drum.
A dog is performing act at dog show.
Young boys playing the Wii.
A baseball player in uniform who just threw a ball.
Two people on a surfboard in the water
Little blond girl stepping on a blue surface outside.
4 people walking through the desert.
A brown dog is running across the grass with a stick in its mouth.
A dog chases a bird in the water.
People skate in an urban outdoor ice skating rink
A man is skating on a rail.
A man without a shirt poses with his arms spread next to a woman.
A small boy wearing pajamas is flipping eggplant on the gas grill.
A group of adults be led by an older gentleman in an exercise involving a group-effort to stabilize a long rod.
A young man in a "GIGOLO" shirt at a reception desk.
A young girl in a red bathing suit is swimming in a pool.
This dog is running through water on a beach.
A girl is facing a wall with her back toward a dome-like piece of art.
Three rugby players trying to catch the ball
The three men leaped in the air in an effort to grab the ball.
A loan runner participates in a race in the rain.
A woman in a pink shirt standing in front of a yellow building.
Two adults sit on a bench.
A person with an electric drill doing something to a toy animal.
A man is smiling while holding a crying infant.
The man with a shaved head and nipple piercings is wearing sunglasses.
A child runs near some trees.
A brown and white dog running fast in a fenced yard.
Two girls look through a microscope.
A black and brown dog is running and splashing in the water.
Soccer game with teams in red and blue.
A man in a white shirt slides through the sand towards a man in a blue uniform and hat holding a sporting glove out towards him.
Man with beard doing skateboarding stunt
A couple plays frisbee in a green field with trees in the background
A woman in a blue shirt rinsing out her mop on the street.
A man, wearing a white button down shirt and glasses, typing on a laptop computer.
An elderly man is cooking hotdogs on a grill.
A white women and a black man in a red hat play fighting.
A girl and a boy burying another boy in the sand.
A guy with a pink shirt sitting on the ground, drawing a peacock with chalk.
Dogs in the water with a basketball and a person on horseback.
Baby sleeping in a crib with boxes of matches, an electric drill and some stuffed animals.
A black dog is biting onto a soccer ball on the dirt ground.
An excited boy playing in the surf with a body board.
The boy is wading through the blue ocean.
A kid with braces and a blue hat shows the bottom of his skateboard.
There is a chun kuk do tournament with a group of spectators watching.
Two women sparring fiercely at Tae Kwon Do competition, while referee watches.
A band performs on stage.
There is a child around 6 months old sitting on a large Elmo doll, looks like he is about to gum it with a Sesame Street book in their right hand.
A beagle is climbing through some gray stairs.
A man and a woman in bathing suits hold each other in a body of water.
Depressed man who does not know what to do.
A woman wearing a red and white gown holds a long scarf behind her.
Three researchers working in a lab.
Three kids run in front of their mother in a park.
Three children are skating on a rollerskating rink.
A brown and white dog is playing in a pool with a man.
A sheepdog is herding sheep down a grassy path.
Two dogs in a red vehicle looking at a woman getting out of her vehicle.
A girl is shaking the water out of her hair.
Four young men sit on the floor close to a television that is showing Elmo from Sesame Street.
Elderly adults and young adults, having a party and dancing.
A group of people in a circle clap their hands while others are sitting in the background.
Three young men are playing dominoes while an older woman watches.
A man in a blue shirt and sandals tossing an object toward a target while a group of older adults look on.
Amputee standing from wheelchair throwing a ball in a seniors center.
A man in an orange shirt is holding an object and speaking to a girl in a blue shirt who is looking back at him.
Two men decide what to do with an obstructing fallen branch.
A young man in a red striped shirt and blue jeans is bowling with a blue ball at a bowling alley.
A group of individuals are sitting in a room together and smiling.
Men are working in some vegetation beside a brick structure.
A person plays on monkey bars while others watch.
Two men are standing on the roof of a tall concrete structure.
A teenager sitting very, very high in a tree.
2 people stand up wearing black at an old persons home, while some onlookers sit in wheelchairs nearby.
Teenagers are interacting with elderly people in a common room.
An old man is just dancing with a woman.
Two girls, one in a red shirt and blue skirt, are washing a red truck.
A group of 8 teenager sitting along a wall holding a string.
Two men involved in a mixed martial arts competition.
A young woman wearing a pink and green striped shirt with a white belt and flip-flops sitting on a cement step.
A black dog with a blue collar runs through the green grass.
Three children standing around a figure on a purple table, two children have white coats on.
Guy making a basketball shot with onlookers watching.
A man in a black cap is looking away from a woman in a black and white polka dotted outfit.
A man in a black shirt dancing with a woman who is smiling.
Two men trading a sausage link with each other via mouth.
A man is bobbing for apples in a plastic bucket.
A group of teenagers sitting in a circle; the man in the middle is sitting on the floor and there is a broom standing up behind him.
A woman is organizing her food in milk baskets.
A woman has a many cartons of various foods outside and is holding a can.
A young man in jeans and a red shirt, wearing yellow gloves, holds a tree branch.
Three people stand at the top of an outdoor staircase.
A woman watches as her friend goes for a spare.
A man holding a crow bar and wearing a masks looks up.
Two girls help clean a dirty house
Three people cleaning windows and a woman in a blue shirt talking to them.
A man films a group of girls in the outdoors.
A fisheye lens aerially captures a young girl with dark hair on the playground.
An older woman and a young man play bingo.
A woman holds a "car wash" sign on the edge of a quiet street.
A man in a brown shirt and blue shorts walking in Droney Park.
Some boys and girls are sitting down in an amusement park ride.
Three children play in an outside wood structure.
A few men sit outside of an area with an open gate eat their lunches.
Several kids are looking at carnival games.
Two girls in denim shorts stand in a puddle of water.
Two young kids running on sand towards a large body of water.
Two males and one female playing in a fountain of water.
A child and floor covered in white powder.
Two people with animal print pants laying on a bed next to each other.
A dog is running through tall grass.
Small dog running in the grass with a toy in its mouth
Two competing cyclists pedal past crowds of onlookers.
A man sits in front of a wall with art pictures on it.
Two redheaded boys with glasses stand on bench, play swordfight with sticks.
A girl in a colorful hat has a strange creature resting on her hand.
A little gray dog jumps over a small hurdle.
A man is standing on top of a glacier.
A rider on a horse in front of a mountain range
A group of people in a bicycle race.
A man in a pink shirt rides a bucking horse.
A bull rider riding a bucking bull while other cowboys watch and wait to help him if needed.
A kid is sliding down a green slide.
Kid in jean shorts uses a skateboard to jump over a cameraman while other skateboarders and cameramen watches.
Two tall black dogs run through tall grass.
The woman is wearing a black hat with an American flag on it.
A woman walking into the waves.
A person in shorts is holding a Frisbee while team member in red shirts and spectators look on.
A young adult in a black shirt is sticking his hand in an animal trap.
One man in an arena trying to stay on a horse for as long as he can.
A man with a Mohawk smiles at the camera.
Several dogs are running outside, with two vehicles in the background.
Three barking, howling dogs
A brown dog in midair with a Frisbee in his mouth.
A man spraying a super soaker into the mouth of a dog.
Barefoot people standing in water in front of a large piece of art featuring a face.
A woman balancing a sword on her head.
A black and white dog leaping through the air as two people watch in the background.
A man in a coca cola building wiping down a table.
A girl basketball player wearing blue is blocking another girl player wearing yellow.
Man standing on the edge of rocks near an ocean.
Two people are scuba diving in the blue ocean.
Two boys look through a window at an airport.
Two small children playing in a kiddie pool with water guns.
A large, towering city statue at night.
The woman is splashing water out of a bucket.
Man in a blue shirt and white hat cleaning a fountain.
A man wearing a black coat and red hat holds a camera.
A man in a white shirt is kissing a little boy as he holds him.
A large van drives down a counry road in the fall.
A marching band in full uniform is coming down the street.
A kid in a white shirt is in a tall tree.
A little girl holding an ice cream cone and licking her lips.
A woman wraps her arms around a man as he leans in to kiss her.
A man in waders fishes for something in a pool.
A woman has two children to take care of while she is out, one is sitting on her shoulders and the other is sitting on her lap.
A blond woman in black jeans is sitting on a wall examining her nails.
The woman is holding a mug, and has sunglasses on the top of her head.
A male taking a nap on a hot afternoon.
On the ocean side a girl is jogging in yellow pants and a boy riding his bicycle.
Four children playing around a pole.
A black and white dog playing with a white ball in a sparse brown field.
A white dog runs on the beach.
Two dogs are playing and wrestling with each other.
Young boy with glasses playing in the sprinkler.
A group of women walk down a street at night.
A man looks at a sculpture in a large empty room.
A man with a shaved head and sunglasses smiles broadly.
A girl in a white dress and red bag talking on the phone.
A young girl and a young man playing a toss game at an outside party.
A red-haired boy wearing glasses blowing a huge bubble
Young man with a black shirt on, riding a blue bike with a baby sitting in front of him.
A man is balancing a plate of food on his head.
A chef cooking some food while two people watch.
People stand on boat dock waiting for their boat to arrive.
A man carrying an orange bag walks past two British style telephone boxes.
Two children fight in a square while people look on.
A crowd gathers to watch two men performing a Brazilian dance.
Several children standing in front of a building.
A varied group of individuals sit on a lawn in the summer.
A shirtless man goes for a ride on his skateboard while walking his dog.
A furry dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A boy with a Mohawk and sunglasses.
A man and woman wearing sunglasses and white t-shirts smile for the camera.
A young boy taking a bath from a bucket.
A man with long hair tied back and wearing a blue shirt is playing a clarinet.
A shirtless man sitting on a rock by a blue building.
The two boys play in the field.
Two people are laying in a bed in the middle of a department store aisle.
Two people, with buildings behind them, are standing near a blue car with two doors open.
A German short-haired pointer rests on a rug by a sunny window.
Two large, black dogs are playing with a collapsed ball.
A little boy is jumping into the kiddie pool in the backyard.
A child in a bathing suit plays in a sprinkler.
A white dog runs towards the camera as a man walks away.
Worker dragging a rope attached to what seems to be a boat.
A lady with blond-hair helping another person.
Three dark-haired people stand near each other with large buildings in the background.
I am going to a hotdog competition in Coney Island.
A group of bulls are running down a street as people run and others watch.
A girl wearing sunglasses smiles for the camera.
A guy doing tricks on a motorcycle.
A motorcycle rider stands on top of his bike.
A young boy is in the water at the beach.
Two teenagers at the beach playing in the sand
A young Asian man and woman seated in front of the steps of a small business smoking cigarettes.
Two young boys play with a puzzle in a classroom.
One football player caught a pass while the two players from the opposite team attempt to tag him while he's on the ground.
A group of Caucasian people lounging in a sandy area.
A young man jumps into the water from a floating slide.
Two women, picking from plants in an open valley.
A black dog with a ribbon on is standing in front of some other award ribbons.
A man taking pictures using his zoom lenses.
A little girl with ponytails laughs near a plastic castle play set.
The rider throws his hand up for balance as the brown horse bucks.
A guy in a Nike shirt that reads "MAKE SOME NOISE" tilts his head sideways as he eats.
A man in short shorts is posing on a large rock.
This woman is wearing a white t-shirt and holding a cup.
A group of men are walking between railroad tracks.
A group of dressed up people looking at a brochure trying to decide what site to see next.
A man with a bandage on his finger is rock climbing as others watch.
A group of children sit on the floor against a brick wall while a woman observes them.
An older man sitting at a lighted workbench.
A smiling woman in a bikini in the air over a diving board.
A man prepares to hit a backhand tennis shot.
Two small boys with painted faces are sitting next to each other.
A group of girls on a beach.
Two young girls, one blond and the other brunette, jump on a green couch in a bright, sun drenched room.
A man in a red shirt plays tennis outdoors.
Man in mid stride suspended in air, about to swing a tennis racket on a tennis court.
A musician on the curb side displaying his talent publicly.
A man in a blue shirt is read a piece of paper.
A man in an apron smiling as he fries food.
Two women sit by some rocks while one of them holds a drink.
A woman walking with a blue umbrella.
A young man is standing on an escalator with a camera in his hands, looking blankly into the photo.
A smiling little boy jumps up to a toy basketball hoop.
Two young girls in dresses stand together in front of a yellow wall.
A baseball player hitting a ball.
A brown dog and a black dog are playing tug-of-war with a toy.
This girl is plucking the flower from the plant.
A group of people are standing at the front of the room, preparing to sing.
A few guys dancing a ceremonial dance in a parade
A very happy baby in a yellow shirt swinging on swing.
A woman with a special type of bike looking at a baby.
A girl in a bikini running out of the surf.
The woman in the tank top has a tattoo on her arm.
Mike Holmgren on the field with his team the Seattle Seahawkss talking over practice details with an assistant coach.
People jumping off of a very tall bridge into the water below.
An older man raises his wineglass during an outdoor meal with others.
A woman in a red dress is looking out of a window.
Two little boys playing a game, one with his mouth wide open.
A coach wearing a blue shirt points off-camera.
A man in a dog outfit is playing at a card table with a bemused woman and dealer.
A little boy is chasing pigeons on the street and a man is watching him.
A man and a woman are seen kissing near an open window.
A group of women hugging each other
A white dog catching a treat in his mouth.
A man sitting on a railing at a concert.
A lot of people are gathered in different areas of an old building.
A mature woman in sunglasses and a jean jacket.
A man is paddling a boat while four women are standing on a rock in a body of water
A boy hangs upside down from a metal bar.
A black and a brown dog running in the grass.
Two boys are playing with two dogs on the beach.
A young woman with a blue Mohawk looks to the right while holding a toddler's hand who is looking to the left.
A young girl in a swimsuit riding a toy train.
Four girls prepare food on a table outdoors.
A man jumps in front of a palace in China.
A black and white dog is running in the grass.
One man looks into the distance next to another who has his hand in the air.
The mother with two son are swimming in the sea.
Five children are sitting on a wooden stairway posing for a picture.
In the woods, a young man wearing red shorts prepares to throw a frisbee.
Two football players run into each other.
A girl in a pink sundress rides a bike next to a white picket fence.
Three police officers conversing rollerblades.
2 Male Camp Counselors relax during afternoon free time for their youth as the director speaks of the upcoming evening activities
A blond child is laying on a branch of a tree in a green field.
A woman in a sari next to a boy holding a red umbrella in a rainy street
Two men are applying ceramic tile to an old roof.
A dog stands on its hind legs in a wooded area while another dog watches.
The black dog is wearing a lime green collar.
Three men in vests sitting down near a pile of dirt with their backs facing a wall.
The young man is waiting with others on the sidewalk.
A young teenage boy is smoking a cigarette in front of an iron fence.
People talking in an asian market.
A child with a water gun being sprayed with water.
Four performers are on stage interacting with the audience.
A blond girl is sitting drinking a soda and looking at a dolphin swimming in the background.
A woman in red shirt is singing.
A man walking down the walkway of a bunch of storefronts.
Two large dogs running in some grass.
A man in a cap is trimming a plant outdoors.
A long-haired man in front of microphones holding some kind of musical instruments.
A man with slicked back hair and black coat plays a recorder.
A young woman is painting a guard rail.
A group of people pose for a picture by a metal guard rail.
A man planting some flowers around a pole outside.
A man and woman dig up dirt and have a plant near them.
People sitting in chairs with a row flags hanging over them.
The number of young children are significantly more than the adults in the dinning hall.
Woman facing curtained window and glass cleaner while holding a paper towel.
Woman in a blue dress with a purple umbrella standing in the road.
A baseball player slides toward a base.
A young girl is sitting in front of an exhibit at an aquarium as a dolphin swims past.
A woman stands on the curb next to a busy street.
A man is using a pro-saw to fix the street.
A crowd watches an outdoor concert.
A woman walking in front of a truck talking to someone that is walking beside her.
Three young people planting flowers and covering the area with a tarp.
People planting flowers outside in a circle.
Two people in red shirts clean an alley.
A woman smiles at a baby while an older couple looks on.
Young children shoot baskets in the field.
A man sitting in a green chair in front of a large window looking out onto a cityscape.
People are in a restaurant eating.
The sun shines bright on the snow surrounding a few people.
A young man is wearing a brown hat and sunglasses.
Woman in red shirt and hot looks at trinkets at a table.
A crowd is watching a band perform on the sidewalk.
Four people in bright blue water with a child in a pink inter tube.
Several people stopped waiting for a train to pass.
A group of greyhound dogs runs around a dirt track.
A boy in a yellow shirt running by some birds.
A man is pulling a load of dirt down a narrow alley where a motorcycle is parked.
A curious child attempting to fish what nature flushed ashore with a beautiful ocean background.
A man riding an orange and white motorcycle.
The blond-haired woman is holding a black umbrella.
A woman with a cane carrying a bag walks along the sidewalk.
A young indian mother is with her child.
A group of workers on a boardwalk wearing fluorescent vests, holding light wands.
A group of people getting ready for climbing a mountain.
A small dog is playing with a plastic bag on the sidewalk.
A small dog jumps over a yellow beam.
A man holding a little girl up in the air outside.
People use the computer terminals at a modern library.
3 men are playing and riding on a vehicle made of musical instruments including a drum and a piano.
A man vaults over a high bar.
A group of young people pose for a picture in a field
Man in board shorts is playing beach volleyball.
A young girl is hoping from stone to stone in her bare feet.
These girls are having a great time looking for seashells.
Two people in a dense jungle area with trees and grass everywhere.
The man in the apron prepares the dining table.
A little boy spays a hose at his brother who is on the other side of a window.
Dogs racing around a curve in the track.
Several preschool children stand looking through fence bars as two adults look on.
A middle-aged man shines black leather shoes.
A couch sits broken while a man sits a table behind them.
A group of people stand listening to a speaker.
A barefoot child is walking on the beach towards the ocean.
Four dogs splashing in the water
A man in a striped shirt poses with a blond girl in a black apron.
A dog chasing a Frisbee into the water
A guy drinking from a big silver cup, content of which is unknown.
A little girl in a pink dress is walking outside.
An Asian man holding a large number of bags looks across a street.
A woman with a white top with design on the front cleaning the white railing.
An elderly man with his hands placed upon some kind of barrel in a truck yard.
An african american woman with 2 young girls.
Three older men playing live music in a grand hall.
Four teenagers are in a church playing their instruments.
A man in a mustard yellow jacket sits in front of water while reading.
The man is playing a stringed instrument on the ground.
A kid in a striped tank top skateboards down the street
A girl in a crowd in holding on to a leashed sheep.
A man with a bike helmet and two young boys have just their heads peeking up from a pile of leaves.
A baby is eating aqua-colored cake very messily.
Two children are sitting outside at a table with popcorn all over it.
A man with a blue jacket look at items.
A man wearing a white collared shirt on the water.
A couple takes a break from dancing.
A group of people, including a barefoot woman with white shorts, a black jacket and backpack wait for a light rail train.
Two little boys play in the water left behind by the sprinklers.
Two men are putting plaster on a building.
A child plays in a multicolored fountain.
A child is floating on a raft and splashing in a pool.
Man in white juggling with a bike against the wall.
Four boys are about to be hit by an approaching wave.
A group of people standing on the sidewalk and looking across the street.
A man, wearing a white t-shirt and jeans, sits on two stacked crates while playing a guitar for tips.
A girl is swinging over waves on a rope swing.
A little girl in a yellow shirt runs through a fountain in a busy park
A band playing in a bar in front of a crowd.
A child sits on a pink, flowered couch and reads a book.
Two women are working in a kitchen.
A young child with wild curly hair sits on a chair and shows off his Legos.
A street performer and his guitar painted completely blue.
Two boys are skateboarding in front of an office building.
Two men playing guitars on stage
A man crashes into the water with his parachute.
A woman helping a child out of the swimming pool.
A woman, a boy, and a dog are walking up a hill.
A man is playing golf, striking his ball out of a sand bunker.
A man in jeans is sleeping with a red mask covering his eyes.
There are two greyhounds racing around a dirt track.
An Indian male is drinking something from a clay looking cup.
Man taking a break under a umbrella leaning against truck.
A man wearing a pink shirt and white pants in mid jump playing a guitar.
Woman on bench looking at cloudy mountain view.
Two women both in sandals, one in a green hat is tying the other woman's dress strap.
A woman in a black shirt looking at a bicycle.
A woman in an orange sweatshirt is holding a glass in her hand.
Two young boys drinking at home.
A rock band is playing in a dimly lit bar.
A dog rolls in the grass.
A blond-haired boy wearing a red shirt and red shorts climbing a tree.
A man stands on a ladder to take a picture with his cellphone.
Several women wearing white shoes and sandals walk through a street festival.
A man is hammering an anvil.
A little girl offers a ball to an upset toddler on a grassy field while a man in bermuda shorts stands behind them.
Black dog playing with a white and blue toy.
A man drives a truck while a child sits on his lap and steers.
Two young girls dressed in their Sunday's best peer over a fence.
A man walks toward a policeman standing in a crosswalk on a city street.
A man stands on a sidewalk between a grass lawn and building
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans walking across concrete.
Woman sorting bucket of food.
A man is drawing on the street while another man videotapes it.
A man is selling food at a street stand.
The boy is sitting in the lap of the car's driver and helping to steer.
A woman shows a man something on her cellphone in the middle of a crowded street.
A group of people are sitting next to each other with some wearing white shirts and blue vests with yellow sashes and the others wearing large fluffy white hats with a pink fluffy top.
Men and Women in traditional dresses attending something.
A small boy is playing with a gun on the sidewalk outside.
A woman is working at a food stand in the city.
A person retrieving something from a bag on a cooking counter.
A street with many advertisements.
A asian women walks to a pillar next to a building.
A man is getting ready to hit a tennis ball.
A child in a blue shirt is wearing a wristwatch.
Two men sitting on opposite sides of a bus stop
A man, woman, and little girl walk along a boardwalk beside a calm sea.
A balding man helps a young boy fish.
A couple is enjoying the view of the water while sitting on a patio.
A man sits in a chair while holding a large pole.
A group of Middle Eastern people walking through the snow.
A girl sitting on a man's lap on a passenger train
A small child is stirring food with a red spoon on a kitchen counter.
How do we get to the other side?
The man and woman are hugging and kissing near musicians performing.
This woman is playing an instrument.
A dog is jumping over a bush on the beach.
A boy jumps from a high rock cliff to the water below.
A boy is skim boarding in a backyard pool while two other men watch.
A man singing in front of a big heart.
A dog jumps to try to catch a yellow tennis ball on a patio.
A man is bending down and digging in a white bag.
A woman standing in front of a beach scene and smiling.
A man with black glasses plays a black guitar.
This small child is sitting behind the steering wheel of a car.
A dog takes off running on the sand.
A young girl showing her purple tongue
A large group of people gathered outside.
Someone standing on a red ball and a girl standing in front wearing a tiger print shirt.
A bicyclist jumping with his bike in midair
A blond woman holds an object in her mouth and a pink toothbrush in her hand while sitting in front of a brightly colored couch.
Two people on the top of a cliff
The black dog is in the water on the shore.
A boy does a toe touch in front of a tree.
A man climbing the rocky face of a mountain.
A little boy runs around while others look at a stage.
An old woman in a black dress holds a loaf of bread outside a door.
People walking around a downtown area of a city.
Four men are hanging out in front of a building.
A woman in a pink blouse conversing with an amused male caucasian.
A man in a black vest and colorful tie draws the attention of a crowd near an outdoor diner.
A young woman rests her head on a man's shoulder.
An older women in several layers of clothes knits an item as, she sits near a set of stairs.
A man carrying a broom and dustpan is watching while a young boy is shining a woman's shoe.
3 men in t-shirt and shorts sitting on the grass eating food.
A child's legs while squeezing through a dog door.
Red shirted worker climbs ladder to peer into a container perched on a forklift.
A girl with blond-hair is jumping off a tire swing
A young woman putting on a dance for a small audience.
Children and Moms sitting in a crescent on the floor.
A gray-haired woman turns the pages of a book for a circle of children sitting in blue chairs.
Children eat at a long table with black chairs.
A woman with braided hair is sitting at a table full of food and gesturing.
A snowboarder uses a ramp to grind a rail.
A yellow and brown dog is going to the bathroom outside.
A man wearing a yellow coat stands at the peak of a mountain.
A stout gentleman does not know how to use his umbrella.
A man sitting on a chair in the middle of a group.
A woman at a backyard party is jumping rope on the grass.
A woman sitting at a picnic table is holding a baby.
Men in red bowties are singing in a choir.
A boy jumps into a pool.
A young infant in a white top crying.
A man in a blue shirt, writing on a chalkboard.
A man with gray gloves holds his hands to his ears on a stairwell.
A young man breakdancing on a cobblestone road with many people watching him.
A man walking while holding a hat on a stick.
A brunette woman tastes her edible creation from a bowl.
A large tan dog is running with a green item in its mouth
A security officer looks out over some water where there are lights.
A toddler is with wet hair stands by swimming pool wrapped in a towel.
These mountains the couple is looking at our beautiful.
A gentleman on the phone at his desk while a child sits on his lap and draws on a sheet of paper
Girl in red, with striped tights, playing violin outside of building.
Many black dogs run in a grassy area.
A woman smiling as she works a machine.
A young girl is rock climbing while being securely tethered from above.
A light brown dog is poking his head into brush.
A man and a woman are walking past benches that overlook the water.
A tennis player moving to hit the oncoming tennis ball.
A man in a gray shirt and black pants is playing tennis.
A young lady is doing some tennis training.
Male child playing on round contained ride in the park by himself.
A woman at a cafe is drinking coffee while doing paperwork.
A person in a red hat carrying a giant bowl of ice cream with several cones sicking out of it.
Three women sit around a raised fire pit cooking skewered young pigs.
A person is holding onto a bicycle in the air with his body in flight position.
Two men talking with each other while sitting at a table, and one is holding a partially-opened book.
A man with a red hat on sits on a stool on the side of the road.
A dog bounds across the brown grass.
A man is doing a back flip whilst attempting a jump on a bicycle.
A baby in a green bag peeks out.
A man with gray hair is putting a black collared shirt over a white button-up shirt while several other men watch.
A band plays bathed in stage lights.
A man in a black jacket plays a black electric guitar and sings.
A smiling person with a brightly colored Mohawk hairstyle.
A large white poodle is walking on the grass carrying a sandal.
Two girls hold up their younger sister.
A man in a kilt is playing an instrument in front of a storefront.
A little boy drinks water from the green hose.
A woman is riding a bike down a city sidewalk, as men in long suit coats stand around with a line of other people.
A lone surfer riding a huge wave in the ocean.
A boy wearing an orange shirt has his hair sticking straight up from his head.
A young girl in a pink dress stares at a metro newspaper rack.
Two people are standing in shallow water, waving sparklers around
Two women in an agricultural landscape sorting crop.
A man on a four-wheeler jumps while in a field.
Women riding a moped and a motorized bike.
A lady is holding an umbrella behind what looks too be a waterfall.
A man and woman standing at a counter with food.
A cowboy stands near two sheep and a dog at a rodeo.
Three men outdoors smiling, drinking beer, and taking pictures.
A young woman in a tank top is smoking a cigarette while holding two bocce balls.
A few people on a canoe in the water.
A man with dreadlocks smiles while sitting in a dj booth.
A man is pouring something in a cup from a beverage machine.
A man wearing a shirt that says "money talks" is drinking water while leaning against a Verizon truck.
A large brown dog sniffs a small white dog's behind.
Two blond girls in white dresses, one much smaller than the other, stand on the bank of a large body of water.
Man with arm around girlfriend's shoulder as they watch something.
A man is sitting inside of a mailbox with a phone in his hand.
A black dog is in a dog race.
Two women are standing next to each other and laughing.
A girl and her child walking next to a mountain.
A man in a white t-shirt and beige shorts lies asleep on a black sofa.
A young boy pointing and looking at a tree with more trees in the background.
A little black boy in a blue shirt and dark shorts running through a fountain.
People having fun at a barbecue party.
Two adults and a child are standing on a rock with mountains in the background.
A young man in a t-shirt smiling in a bookstore.
A group of males wearing helmet standing in a line with flags and a crowd in the background.
An orange truck is driving down the street in front of a white building.
A baseball player is standing in place, catching a flying baseball in his mitt.
The man is working after dark in a market.
A dog rests on a mattress while a old woman sits on the floor.
A young boy is playing with a slinky in the street
A person is sailing in the air with a red parachute over grass.
Men in traditional Scottish attire marching and playing bagpipes.
A group of soldiers are marching in ranks while holding flags.
Four boys run away up an incline.
Two teams of boys playing soccer and one boy is up in the air with the ball behind him.
A child playing with water noodles in a pool.
A girl in a black outfit hula hoops while people sit at tables eating.
One person stands on a cliff overlooking a broad valley.
Two young boys sitting in a chair by flowers and a green rake.
A five man drill team on stage.
A bride and groom make small talk with a guest as the groom shakes the guest's hand.
Couple being married in a church.
Two people are riding down a log flume in a theme park.
Two young men participate in a soccer game.
This guy is in midair while wearing a red soccer uniform.
A woman cooking food on hot stove.
A girl with black gloves is running.
A girl in blue jeans leans against a golden-yellow car.
A man and a boy pose for a picture in a stairway overlooking a waterfall.
A woman wearing a purple jacket stands next to a horse.
A bride is hugging a person with short blond-hair.
A red-haired woman with green eyes is entering a van.
A man in a plaid shirt is standing near a pile of rubble.
Children playing with a bike in the sand.
Three small boys wrestling and one is shirtless, smiling, and facing the camera.
Boy in orange, jumping off a rusted colored pipe, into sand.
Two men wearing gray shirts and red hats are working with cement.
A guy taking a nap in the back of a vehicle.
Vehicles parked at a restaurant and gas station somewhere in Mexico.
Two girls are in line about to order at a Mexican eatery.
A friend photo with two boys looking at each other while the girl looks at the camera smiling.
A black and brown dog rests head on lower steps of stairs.
A small boy wearing a red shirt swinging a baseball bat
Man in business attire jumping off the side of a building.
Two men sleep in the backseat of a car.
Couple in car look at something beyond the camera.
A woman dressed in black and pink has a large tattoo on her back.
Two guys smiling as they sit in a vehicle.
Men and women riding bicycles in a hot sunny day in a big city.
Boy in yellow tank top laughing on a beach.
A couple sits on a shaded bench with a view of trees and a large building.
A native boy, in yellow, swinging from a rope.
A group of children are playing in water.
A group of people are running on the sand.
Walkers and bikers head down an empty New York street.
Man holding a little girl in a street.
A wet young girl in a white coat stands among water fountains.
Two females are blowing bubbles with their gum.
An adult male and a small child look to their left as they ride bicycles.
A white car is parked next to some houses in a third world country.
Five men building a foundation for a house
A child swims underwater in a pool.
A man wearing a red hat while holding a ladder with a man in a brown hat looking at him.
Two kids chasing each other in the sand.
A group of people looking over railing at the water and the land covered in fog.
A group of people are picking vegetables outside.
A man listens to someone on the phone with an estranged look on his face behind a fruit stand.
Adult and child walking on a dirt road.
A person in blue is examining a wall.
Men work together on a construction project.
A person with striped red socks is running on a hill side forest road.
People on the city street walk past a puppet theater.
A tan dog wearing a muzzle is running on sand.
A boy wearing a red shirt and blue shorts is walking outside.
A man in a blue shirt and gray pants is sleeping on a sidewalk bench.
Construction workers building a frame for a structure.
A group of people build a wall for a building.
A woman plays the Organ at a church.
A young man in a baseball cap plays an electric guitar.
Men working construction hold up the frame of a wall.
A man in a black coat eats a doughnut while other men look out of frame.
Four people stand in front of trees.
A man with a Mohawk hairstyle wears a backpack at a college campus.
Two children sliding in the snow.
A brindle dog runs beside some pilings in ground at the waterside.
A man is outside selling various toys.
The woman in the green striped shirt and backpack has a tattoo on her back.
A street performer rides a high unicycle while balancing juggling devices.
Four men and one woman sitting on the ground in the shade.
The dog is running through deep snow.
A man is working on the caboose of the red train.
The little boy is running through the sprinklers.
A group of people building a frame of a building.
A person is looking at water jets.
A man is laying on two green air mattresses with one thumb up.
A hooded man working in a kiosk displays his wares.
A view of a marketplace full of people in an asian country.
A man, standing in his skiff net fishes the waters.
Two men in white t-shirts and tool belts sit on frame work for a structure.
A group of people are eating a meal outdoors together.
Three people are getting their picture taking as one is bent over.
The three dogs are standing in the sand.
A girl is about to emerge from a swimming pool.
People laying and sitting near some audio and visual equipment.
Several people are in a building with air mattresses and other belongings.
The boy and girl are wearing swimming goggles.
Here is a picture of a kid dressed up in a costume, smiling and dancing.
A mother, dressed in traditional clothing, and her two children are posing for a picture.
A motorcycle racer is riding a black motorcycle.
Several young boys and girls jumping on a trampoline outdoors.
A lady with dark hair looking at some papers in the subway station.
Two hikers stand at the top of a snowy mountain.
Man and women in looking at a package a fruit in a food market.
A black dog jumps over a pole on green grass.
A lady sitting beside of a Sprite bottle licking something white off of her fork.
The injured athlete is being carried by several people.
A little kid jumps up into the air above the ocean.
A dog swims in the water.
A crowd of people at a county fair watch three men agitate a large bull.
A doctor in an office smiling at the camera.
A man and an old woman stand and look at something behind the photographer.
An umbrella shading a young woman with a small boy crouching under the table.
A girl is about to kick a soccer ball in the grass.
A bull charging at a bull rider in a live rodeo.
A black man in a black garb stands in front of a subway train.
A boy playing on an arrangement of stones.
A small boy wearing a light blue shirt smiles as he holds something in his hand.
A woman in a bathing suit walks a dog on the beach.
A woman at a storefront holding a bunch of yellow balloons.
The woman is reading a book.
Two girls laying in the grass smile as their picture is taken.
Guy with ski jacket jumping off bridge into water
Five men stand outside and look like they are about to work.
A man in an orange jacket is speaking with a cashier.
A blond girl in a pink bathing suit running through the sprinklers
The two young boy are eating food.
Three adults and three children are swimming in a public pool with one child ready to dive.
A person on a bike rides through a wooded area.
A child in orange is on a boogie board in the waves.
A lady in blue, taking a close look of the surroundings by looking in the standing camera at park.
Pictures on a white brick wall with a smiling man standing in front of the wall.
People walking on tiles at an outdoor market.
A man in a green shirt and black pants looks into a shop on a crowded market street.
A bunch of shoppers watching the TV screens in a store.
A muzzled greyhound dog is running around a track.
Three children on diving board, with one jumping off.
Two older women sit on a white bench in a park.
A group of people waiting in line for a game.
Three men dressed like chefs sit on a stone bench.
A man walking out of a portable bathroom.
A little boy in a white shirt and jeans sticks his fingers in his mouth.
A dog running through the sand.
A man and a woman are embracing while standing against a green Heineken sign.
Brown-haired male with a white shirt showing off a grin with open arms.
A baby is laying on a towel crying getting their diaper changed.
Two men smiling in front of a fire.
Several Asian women dressed in black outfits and crowns are holding plates with food on them.
People are skydiving.
A person is in the water and throwing their hair back.
Young bearded man wearing a white tank top sits behind a drum set.
A black dog leaps in the air while a woman yells in the background.
Many elementary age children gathered and sitting outdoors.
Two boys in shorts are sitting with a tablet with other people in the background.
A black and white dog is running through grass.
A man playing the guitar in a bedroom with a mushroom picture on the wall behind him.
A blond woman is handing from a red pole.
A little boy in green overalls throws up his hands in from behind the shiny restaurant table.
A well-dressed bald man with red glasses walks in full stride.
Different people buying, and looking at different kinds of vegetables and flowers.
A girl in a yellow shirt sprays two people with water.
A little girl is jumping off the diving board into a pool.
Girl screaming with bows in her hair.
Young man shows his tongue piercing while a woman stands next to him
A swimmer swimming across a lap pool.
A man in a blue shirt giving his toddler a sip of his drink.
A woman in a room is adjusting hanging clothing.
A gentlemen wearing brown pants and shirt is talking to a man with a white shirt in front of a sewing machine.
A costumed woman plays an instrument on a bench.
A woman, in a red swimsuit, is adjusting her swimming goggles while standing by a pool.
Two small children playing with toys.
A woman uses a newspaper to provide shade and get rid of glare while she uses her computer outside.
A skateboarder performs a skateboard trick against a graffiti wall.
A young boy, wearing a red soccer shirt, socks and cleats, is standing on a field of green grass.
Man sitting on a green chair with fishing pole in the water
A blond boy in a dark hoodie is holding a fishing rod.
Two people rafting down a river near pine trees.
Two people paddle a canoe down a rough stretch of river near a pine forest.
A boy jumps into water fully clothed.
A tour bus packed with people as they all look left, straining their eyes at a subject the tour guide pointed out.
A woman is holding onto another woman's arm.
A white dog is carrying a ball across the grass nearby a fence.
A man in a yellow jacket is skiing in the snow.
A saxophone player dressed in a blue sweatshirt and an accordion player entertain people on the street, including a pirate.
An Indian man standing on the bank of a river.
Yellow team vs Red team kicking a blue &amp; white soccer ball.
A little boy is approaching the soccer ball to kick it.
A man with a beard and sunglasses leans back on a couch with his feet on a coffee table.
A baby in pink clothes staring at corn on the cob
A child covered in a white blanket is sleeping.
A dad celebrates a birthday with his family via web cam.
Three men and one woman are jumping into a swimming pool full of calm blue water.
A brown dog being chased in a rural area
A just married bride and groom walking down the sidewalk, having an intimate moment.
Lady dressed in an exotic dress hooping.
A guy in a strip shirt laying on a picnic blanket taking a nap.
Two men are preparing the earth for planting of new crops.
A gray-haired woman in a yellow shirt sitting under a blue sign.
There's a large group of people on stage holding flags.
This boy is spreading his arms while playing in the water.
A young couple staring in front of the ocean.
A young women with long brown hair, plays a black guitar, left handed.
A weiner dog catches a blue and yellow tennis ball.
A man is walking in the street with sunglasses on top of his head.
Two people stand against a wall after a workout.
A horse is jumping two rails with a rider wearing a green jacket.
A man is standing beside a black folding chair.
Five people are wading and swimming at the edge of a river or lake.
A man uses his sell phone near some hanging rugs.
There is a teenage boy sitting in what appears to be some kind of rickshaw, while the driver points to him from behind.
A balding man sits on the sidewalk leaned against a bunch of woven blankets.
A young woman in a black bikini brushes her long brown hair at the beach.
Young child is splashing and playing at the beach.
A man in a white shirt and gray pants is working in an outdoor clothing store.
Sidewalk vendor dressed in white shirt brown pants sells grilled corn.
One male and two females (both in swimsuits) are standing next to a sand castle at the beach.
A man that looks like a statue on the sidewalk.
A man in a gray tank top wearing a straw hat singing into a mic playing a guitar.
A man stands in front of a slide show and gives a presentation.
A young girl in a pink bikini laughs at the bottom of a water slide.
The brown dog is running through a field, with a ball in its mouth.
A young boy in a white shirt with a rubber mallet.
Girl in dress hanging on orange rails
A group of adults holding musical instruments, they do not appear to be playing the instruments.
Crowd of people sitting outside on green grass.
Child yelling and walking across sand, another figure and ocean in background.
Man spiking volleyball over net with other player in front of him.
4 string instrument playing men sit on a black stage playing their instruments from their music stands.
A man in a log coat edging the grounds.
Two middle eastern men dressed in white robes are playing a large guitar and a bongo.
A knight on horseback and another man reenact a medieval scene for a group of spectators.
Two young girls jump off or over a concrete barrier in an inner city park.
A woman in a striped sweater is standing on a hill.
An older man in a blue suit is walking out of a building with the name "Grace" on the front of it.
The black dog jumps out of the water with something in its mouth.
A smiling boy hangs onto a zip-line structure at a playground.
A group of police officers outside a city building.
A man in a blue ball cap and wearing no shirt working on a roof.
A group of people surrounded by trees, take a hay ride together in the sunshine.
A man with glasses on kisses a female on the forehead.
A wedding ceremony in a church.
A woman with shoulder length hair sits on a sidewalk wearing a blue striped shirt and high heels.
A blond-haired woman is sitting down next to a pile of backpacks.
A group of oriental dancers are performing in a parking lot.
Two small brown and white dogs stand together.
A man and a woman are on their knees at the front of the aisle getting married.
A ring bearer carrying a rung on a pillow at a wedding.
Three young men playing a game of Monopoly in which two of them are physically arguing.
A dog sniffing the brushes while a bull looks on
Two men and a woman stand together on a wet street wearing jackets, hats, and the woman carries an umbrella.
A woman is waving her hand from an apartment window.
A woman in a brown shirt and a tiara is talking on a phone.
A policeman in a leather jacket stands by his motorcycle.
A white dog runs toward the camera.
A man on a lawn mower drives past a car.
Blond man with white button up shirt in front of two red-haired women, one is using a microphone the other wearing headphones.
This person is wearing a welding mask.
An overweight man wears a protective hat and gloves.
An adult playing checkers with a young blond-haired boy.
Three black dogs are on a beach.
A doctor checks the heartbeat of a young girl.
A group of kids stand in a row holding sticks and swords.
A woman whips her hair out of the water.
A band of four guitarists and a drummer perform on stage.
There is a concert going on.
A casino dealer and a couple are smiling at the camera.
A man wearing a blue helmet is on a motorcycle.
A red-haired clown cries streams of tears in a white hat on stage.
A woman in white is doing acrobatics.
Two people are dressed in leotards performing.
A young boy jumping off of a playground toy.
The little boy wearing the blue shirt is eating with chopsticks.
A Budweiser-sponsored race car accelerates quickly with smoke behind it.
Man on a tall unicycle, who is wearing bright yellow shirt, red bandanna and camouflage pants is juggling 3 pins while people watch.
An old woman in a scarf is in the city.
A child is wearing a paper hat and eating at a diner.
A black and white dog jumps for a tennis ball.
Two dogs wearing racing equipment are running on muddy ground.
Three guys are in the middle of doing back flips.
A player kicks the soccer ball from the corner of the field.
Bmx biker Jumps off of ramp
A boy tries to keep his balance while standing on two floating devices while two others watch.
A woman sitting down to have a meal is being pointed at.
Two men are standing in front of a cash register with several items.
A woman in a white shirt is wearing goggles.
A window washer in a blue shirt soaps up the windows.
Two people here are wearing something around their necks.
A group of women in white robes walk through the grass.
Person holding a guitar with religious images and reflective stickers on the front.
Two men are standing in front of a protest sign resting on a red electric box.
Several men and women are enjoying food outdoors.
A woman wearing a striped top stands near the stuffed animal prizes.
A blond-haired girl plays on a blown-up bouncy toy.
A man in a white t-shirt watching a dog do a back flip
The guy in a striped shirt is playing his electric guitar.
A woman is doing gymnastics while a man takes a picture of her in midair.
A pole vaulter is about to launch off the floor with his pole.
A man in a straw hat is digging with a shovel.
A woman with red-hair is holding two cats.
A boy dressed in green rides a video motorbike game in front of ski ball machines.
Two women play volleyball on the sand.
The lady has a gorgeous white dress paired with a beautiful white high-heeled shoes.
A little boy standing in very tall green grass.
A man handles his near empty drink while laughing at something on the other side of the table.
A soccer player is running on the field
A girl in a red shirt colors as she stands at her desk.
A young boy is opening a present.
A child wearing a blue shirt and blue pants is standing in a park.
A young boy standing between a wall and several large boulders.
A pack of dogs are running away down a trail.
An airwoman is checking on an elderly woman.
A group of men dressed up like pirates stand outside The Cheesecake Factory with signs.
A young boy screams on a roller coaster.
A man dressed as an indian with two dogs standing and talking to a group of people by some hay.
A woman writes a note for an older woman.
A fit beach volleyball player is preparing for a bump.
A man is looking out through wooden bars, which he is holding in his hands.
Closeup of bartender (women) grabbing a glass inside the bar.
Man and boy with backpacks on a hiking trail.
A dog runs in a yard with a deflated ball in its mouth.
Girl regains composure in a sunset with a man in the background
At night, a young man is sitting near a table containing aluminum foil, chocolate, and crackers.
Two men are roasting marshmallows outside at a campfire.
A woman in a cow patterned apron and faux cheese top hat cuts real cheese.
A brown and white dog looking into a pool at a tennis ball.
A man in an orange safety vest is addressing several other men in a forest.
A cheerleading squad poses for a picture in front of full bleachers
A small white dog has on a leash and is walking next to a fence.
A man is using a chainsaw to carve a wooden sculpture.
Three newscasters, two men and a woman, are sitting at the news desk and laughing.
The boy in red goggles swims underwater.
A small, smiling boy in a blue safety helmet and yellow shirt is riding his scooter on a sidewalk.
Two dogs either fighting or playing together.
A young child wearing a blue top is on a blue toy.
A group of people in bathing suits pose for a picture.
A little boy with brown hair jumped off of a brown chair onto the floor.
Boy wearing swim trunks holding goggles and running
Child playing with a hula hoop on a cement driveway in housing alotment.
People going up an escalator in the mall.
Small boy in a green shirt is buried up to his waist in sand.
A woman in an orange jacket is talking on her cellphone.
A woman serves a cup of soup from a large pot of soup.
A man with hat on builds a house.
Someone in a blue shirt writing on a part of a newspaper.
A dog tries to drink water from a sprinkler.
Men in hard hats working with a large gold machine doing roadwork.
An old man rides a bicycle on a country road.
A boy in a yellow tank top runs away from a crashing wave.
A man in a blue shirt taking a picture of a mountain.
Here is a picture of students in a classroom taking a computer test.
A child wearing a hat is standing on a beach looking out at the ocean.
A little kid climbs a red mat on a festive carpet.
Man with orange hard hat, driving a construction vehicle and waving.
A man wearing a construction hat and vest walking in front of a stopped big red semi in a forested area.
Man shooting picture of women at the beach.
A man wearing glasses and a green shirt practices playing a stringed instrument indoors.
Two little boys riding their bikes in the street.
Kids wearing shorts playing outside in the park with sprinkling water.
A brown dog is carrying a wet stick on the shore of the ocean.
Two men in silly glasses sit on the floor.
Two construction workers sitting on some pipes while one waves, obscuring his face.
People seated at long tables all facing the same direction, some writing and some watching.
A man and woman jumping off of a boat into blue waters.
A female softball player dramatically slides into a plate as the baseman stands poised to catch the ball.
A girl is opening a present while a young boy in blue pajamas watches.
Two dogs are jumping up at each other in a grassy field.
A boy is walking through a parking lot filled with cars.
A man wearing a brown leather vest and a woman dressed in red and black holding one another.
People in an auditorium waiting for something to start.
A person wearing jeans sits on top of a horse saddle.
A maintenance worker is climbing into his green truck.
A man with black hair and a brown shirt creates portraits of people.
Man wearing glasses and a green shirt, performing a task on a computer.
A closeup of a small boy smiling while holding onto some playground equipment.
A woman is carrying a young boy, while laughing with a man wearing a gray t-shirt.
A grandmother is watching her daughter and grandson play with trains in a living room.
A young male is sipping on a juice.
A female singer sings passionately while the back-up guitarist plays in the background.
People stand on top of a red tourist bus
A young child runs along a beach as birds fly among him.
A small dog catches a tennis ball in its mouth.
A policeman stand outside on the street with his hands in his pockets.
A person in a field looks through a telescope while a blue car approaches or waits.
The vehicle is crossing a stream of water, in a wooded area.
A man wearing jean is flying a kite near the shore.
A young man relaxing his legs on a pice of machinery
Two young girls are smiling and laughing.
A man in pink t-shirt is singing a song
Someone feeds a strawberry to a turtle.
The dog jumps over the high jump bars in a dog show as the owner looks on.
A dog at a competition runs down a ramp.
The dog is running around a white and pink pole.
A white cart doing a wheeling down a race course.
A group of children playing in the water fountain.
Six little girls are sitting on a cement hill.
A little boy in a dark t-shirt and jeans is taking great enjoyment standing near an outdoor fountain.
A long-haired guy doing a backflip on the trampoline.
A person in a striped fleece clips a carabiner onto a metal line.
A car is in the water
A man sits on a pile of rugs by a building while three more men and a woman stand nearby.
There is a man skateboarding and another nan jumping over his head.
Four young girls playing in the water.
Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench with a clown.
A boy and a man who seems to be the boys father work on an art project together.
An older man gets ready to get his haircut at a barber.
An older man sits at a workbench while carving his art.
A young monk in red and orange is sweeping the floor.
A guy wearing a red coat, white jodhpurs and black boots jumps his gray horse over poles during a steeplechase competition.
A hiker climbing a rocky hill with fog surrounding him.
A young man in glasses is drinking beer and holding the 10 of clubs to his forehead.
Two children look down squeezing through a fence.
The short-haired dog is running across a grassy yard.
A dog running down a dirt track.
A little girl sits at a table outdoors and eats watermelon.
Three women down the street with trees in the background.
A group of people stand in the dirt near two station wagons, with some sacks in the back of a station wagon and other sacks piled on the dirt.
People standing on a beach, one under a green umbrella
The black dog catches a toy in its mouth while running in the field.
Two people waiting at a bus stop.
There is a woman, several men, and several children on a sidewalk where produce is being sold.
A young man sits on a couch and smokes.
A young man wearing a top hat and tracksuit is sitting in the drivers seat of a petty cab.
Three people, tow of them women, are on a beach wearing casual summer clothing.
A woman is preparing food at the store.
A young woman holds her friend's bicycle for him while he pulls out his skateboard.
A worker straddles the beams of a building being constructed.
Two men speak in a club with green curtains.
A young man and woman both in brown shirts sitting and laughing.
A woman in a red dress playing an instrument.
A woman is sitting at the beach covered by a lot of seaweed.
A boy on his bike stops and looks back at the cameraman.
This is a woman in a yellow coat looking for something she dropped while her male companion stares at the camera.
Two kids ride an amusement park ride.
Two unhappy-looking older people looking past the camera, the male holding a book and the woman wearing a fur coat.
A man sits with his foot on a pole and smiles.
A black and white dog carries a white Frisbee over the grass.
School sale to help earn money for trips.
Young girl wearing pink hat and jacket and blue shirt jumping in puddles
The man is training a dog to zigzag through poles.
A bald man in a red shirt performs in front of a crowd.
A woman with a tattoo is playing the saxophone.
People sit and relax next to a pool in a plaza.
Person in silhouette takes a picture of a large clock.
Two women buying a product that the one woman in the green toboggan is selling.
A young boy in a blue shirt plays with a toy truck.
Three white children playing with LEGO and toy trucks on the carpet.
The mother watches her baby play with the sunglasses by the window.
Two toddler boys sharing a baby swing at dusk.
A caucasian male and his son having bonding time.
A football player, his helmet half off, looking at the ground.
The little boy is about to walk into the sprinklers.
Two dogs, one brown and the other black, play in the surf in the shallow ocean water.
A man is seen coughing in a crowded street.
A tan dog jumps over a purple and green gate.
A football player prepares to throw the ball.
People watch as a dog scales a wooden wall in a grass field.
An Elton John looking fella playing an instrument on stage.
A man and a woman dancing in front of paintings hanging on a wall.
A child prepares to do battle with a carnival attraction.
In a large city, many people gathered around a large reflective oval shaped piece of art.
Graffiti covers most open space in this picture.
A man with no shirt is climbing a rock ledge.
A large group of people are at a beach.
A man walking along a road next to a blue building and red stop sign.
A dog is playing catch on the grassy plain
A woman opens a gift while standing in a dining room that has been festively decorated : her face is obstructed by one of the decorations.
A little dog plays with a colorful ball in the sand.
A black and white dog jumping in the air to catch a white Frisbee.
Black dog jumping into the air to catch a Frisbee.
Two children wearing martial arts gear fight on a blue mat.
A girl climbing a rock face.
Old woman in white hat sits on a crate and looks at shirts on a table.
Workers repair a section of road.
A man wearing a gray cap, gold jewelry and winter attire looking at something in the distance.
An orange boat leaves the shore while a person watches nearby.
A man with a black mustache cuts meat with a large knife.
A man atop a horse smiling at the camera below a set of mountains.
A boy in a blue shirt and goggles is standing by a tree.
Entertainers at a Renaissance Fest being watched by spectators.
A man is yelling at someone from a game booth.
A man with sunglasses in a pink shirt.
A woman is writing in a journal, while sitting on a bench at a coffee shop.
Two poodles playing with a red toy.
Two men inspecting and fixing the tire of a red framed, yellow forked bike with the bike seat towards the ground.
A person is surfing on a wave while another person heads towards it.
A young man wearing the AIDS WALK t-shirt is standing and typing on the laptop.
A man wearing black stands with three woman who have blond-hair.
Two brown dogs play in a snowy field.
A child plays in a pool while wearing orange floaties.
A young boy and an older woman sitting at a brown table in a blue room.
A man and women are out at Farmosa looking at menus as they chat.
There is a man wearing a red shirt and brown shorts jumping up to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
Four toddlers are being entertained by an accordion player.
Two woman sitting under a L.E.D. sign of a person walking.
A man standing outside of a shop on the street.
Two people stand elbow deep in the ocean, watching the sunset.
Three boys play in an unfinished building.
A young boy appears to be hammering metal on top of an anvil.
An woman, wearing a straw hat, is presenting a variety of goods.
The white and brown dog is running through the grass.
A girl in a red jacket laughs at the camera.
A woman in a floral dress walks down the street past her reflection.
A man in a striped shirt chopping mushrooms.
A person climbing a rock while others are standing around and watching.
The men in the Gators helmets have their arms wrapped around each other.
A shirtless man is doing work on a roof.
A group of people at an olympic event.
A man in a yellow raincoat waves the chinese flag during a rainy event.
People standing around on sand in the rain.
An Asian athlete in a bright jacket is questioned by numerous reporters wearing rain jackets.
A crowd gathers around a woman clasping her head
Three people are standing in front of a Beijing 2008 sign.
A man with a hat taking a photo with his camera, while a passerby looks annoyed.
A group of people are standing in a room with skylights.
A blond woman holds an umbrella over a race car driver.
Two older men work to repair a stone fence near a cottage.
A man is wearing a hat and a white shirt.
A married couple walk up flights of old stone stairs.
Man with t-shirt and khaki shorts kneels on the ground.
A man serves a volleyball on the sand court at a volleyball competition.
A group of people hold up three fingers.
A woman standing in a red bikini on a outdoor sand volleyball court.
Girls in red bikinis do a dance routine at the 2008 Olympics.
People in costume and hats pose with American flags and fingers held up with the number three.
A child in a red shirt climbs on play equipment.
A dark-skinned young girl is having her sneakers polished by a shoeshine boy in India.
Firetrucks line both sides of a busy two-way road.
A person wearing Rollerblades jumps over a yellow gate.
A brown dog digging for a ball in the sand
Picture of a red wagon and a little boy riding his bike in front of a brick building.
Woman holding her son on the busy streets.
A lady and two small children are sitting on a park bench with pigeons at their feet.
Adults and children frolic on the shoreline of a beach.
A group of people carrying something wrapped in an american flag.
A dog lays on a mattress on the porch.
A couple, a man and a woman, are sitting on a rock looking at the ocean.
Child with swim goggles with face submerged halfway
A man in a white suit walks down the street holding a newspaper.
A farmer fertilizing his garden with manure with a horse and wagon.
The black and brown dog jumps in the air to catch the ball.
Children playing with a soccer ball near a goal net.
The girl is swimming with only her head above the water.
Two men on horses chasing an animal at a rodeo.
Five women in dresses standing in a lobby talking.
A man is wearing an executive attire while looking something.
Six men in blue jumpsuits and a man in an orange jumpsuit walk by a shipyard.
Kids are jumping on a blue rimmed trampoline.
A man is kayaking through some white waters.
A woman with a camera looks out over rolling hills.
A little girl is sitting in the grass balancing a rock on her arm.
A man in a red jacket with jeans on balancing at a bowling alley.
A man with a bucket of red paint is labeling fish sections with numbers.
A man with a pen and paper checking stock.
Two men are looking at meat that is set out on a table while taking notes.
Woman, with two children playing in outdoor fountain.
A man in a cap and shorts sits on a metal bench reading a newspaper.
A man in a black shirt and red tie holding a drink.
A young man in a blue shirt holding a device to his mouth and making a party gesture.
A white and black dog leaps into water.
A man in a brown jacket and beige cap is drinking from a Styrofoam cup.
A guy in a black shirt jumps into the air on a walking bridge.
A man in a blue shirt, jumping down a hill in a park.
Dog jumps over red and white pole while boy looks on
A man wearing sunglasses stands in front of band equipment holding a guitar.
A person lies on the grass with a shopping cart nearby.
A woman standing in front of a store with her arms crossed.
A man and women looking at magazines in a window.
A boy on a chained swing looks to the right and smiles.
A toddler is sitting while holding some corn in his hands.
The man on the bike just finished riding through some mud.
Four black dogs running over grass.
A brown and white dog goes into water while looking back.
A man rides a motorcycle with his dog in the sidecar.
Players on a football team scuffle in an attempt to get the ball.
Little boy wearing blue snoopy hat.
Nine men are playing a game in the park, shirts versus skins.
Woman at salon with black hair under drying helmet.
A young boy wearing only green shorts poses awkwardly with a brick background.
The soccer player in red is trying to block the player in white.
A young man in tan shorts and green shirt is falling off his bicycle.
People are strolling and conversing on a sidewalk in front of a hospital.
A woman with a bag talks to a man on a bicycle near a street.
A man sits and rubs his chin.
There are two young people with backpacks on and then are standing next to a hiking trail.
A young girl is on a swing up high with a sunset behind her.
Two men are in a blue and white speed boat.
A man and a woman in hats near a flight of stairs.
Two men wearing hats stand on the tree-lined sidewalk near a building.
A dog shews on a big stick.
A small brown and white dog catching a Frisbee at a competition.
A man and his cattle pulling a cart in the street.
A woman in a shawl is holding her child that is wrapped in a colorful blanket.
A mother and her child posing for a photo.
A man rides a green motorcycle on a wet racetrack.
A woman is holding a baby and smiling.
A man dressed in a red coat, white pants, and black boots is sitting on a horse at an amusement park.
A white race dog wearing the number eight runs on the track.
Two men with rags over their face are running down a street with something on fire.
Mother and child on a walk in a park.
A man on a bicycle jumps over jagged rocks amongst tall pine trees.
Two musicians practicing for a performance.
A overweight male is playing electric guitar while wearing a white hat.
Woman diving into deep end of a swimming pool.
A girl takes a picture of her friend who is leaning on a picnic table.
A man in a hat is working on a roof.
A man prepares some fish in a navy blue apron.
Two men watch a third man grill meat.
This is a night view of a city street with people and traffic.
The black dog in the field has something in its mouth.
The man wearing a blue shirt has dreadlocks and sunglasses.
A man in a red shirt works on a white sculpture.
The grownups are smiling as a child plays with some rocks on the ground.
A man in orange shorts moving really fast
A white dog wearing a red collar jumps up after a red Frisbee.
Worker sawing a large fish with a band saw.
A man with short black hair in a yellow shirt looking at a large piece of cut fish.
Young female meditating in the woods, wearing work clothing and a bicycle helmet.
A crane flying just above a body of water
The man in the straw hat smokes a cigarette.
A young boy in a blue jacket swings a bat at a ball.
A man looking at produce.
A boy in a green and blue shirt is sitting inside an earth digger.
Large brown dog is jumping over a smaller black dog.
A yellow truck with Casterol branding leads a white truck and blue truck down the road.
A crowd watches the start of a drag race at twilight.
A person wearing a clown mask is scratching his or her chin.
Several people cooking at a grill in a kitchen.
An elderly Asian man is looking at a camera in a large gathering of people.
People cheer as a bicyclist rides his bike off a ramp
A man is riding a mountain bike on a woodland trail.
A police officer is standing patrol at the corner near a red fire hydrant.
A person wearing a helmet begins to ride a skateboard down a street hill.
A person is walking in a city with a group of birds.
Two children play in a pile of unspooled toilet paper.
A girl in black dress and orange jacket.
A worker sweeps the road as a machine drives in front of him.
A man is jumping into a screened-in outdoor pool.
A goalie dives to prevent the ball from going into the goal.
A black dog in the water.
A man with a white hat, white shirt, and black apron is grilling meat.
A girl singing and dancing with a pink hat on.
Three children all wearing capri pants and long-sleeved hooded jackets anxiously await a train.
A large group of bicycles racing on the street
Men and women in swimsuits sit outside of a log sweat lodge with trees in the background.
A man sitting on a bus bench while listening to music.
A brown dog is sniffing a white dog in front of 2 women.
People play in the fountain on a sunny day.
A biker doing a somersault with the bike in front of a crowd.
A man jumping from one building to another closeby
A sculptor chipping away at marble to create a statue.
A man and a woman are entering a bus and paying toll.
There is a lady towing her suitcase behind her down the road.
A man in a dark shirt and glasses holds a microphone.
Four people rollerskating with spectators in the background.
The orange rider is driving a motorcycle on one wheel.
A brunette woman wearing dark glasses and a red blouse is eating.
Two houses and fire
Two girls in red soccer uniforms running after a soccer ball.
Two men skateboards at high speed.
A black person in black and red is sleeping on a bench with an open black umbrella.
A woman in a blue suit is addressing others in a file room.
A man is holding a guitar with a light shining behind him.
Large white dog running on grass
A brown dog is running through water carrying a ball in its mouth.
A black and white dog leaps through the water.
A girl in a pink dress is standing on her head.
A man performs a skateboard trick.
A man walks into a transportation station and two officers in neon jackets stand guard.
A small girl riding on a yellow plastic toy car.
A young man jumps up off his skateboard on the street in front of a house.
An elderly woman is working at a concession stand.
A young boy is hanging head down in a tire swing with gravel beneath it.
Girl riding a bike on a street near many stores.
A young lady in a striped shirt is waiting for the young lady with blond-hair who is writing.
Women playing volleyball in the sand near the ocean.
Woman with green shirt and blue bag standing at a crosswalk.
A man wearing a hat inspects the tattooed arm of another man.
Two Dobermans fighting or playing together on a lawn.
Two men hanging around a construction site.
Two men working with wood on a dirt floor.
Orange dog walks in shallow water.
A woman helping a little girl pick out and read a book.
A young girl wearing black boots holds onto the fence and has a lollipop.
A dog swimming along the ocean with a bark in its mouth.
A boy shovels manure into a fire while a man looks towards the camera.
A young woman in a pink shirt standing on stairs smiles at the beautiful pink flowers.
Church members watch a pastor give a sermon.
One football player holding the ball is chased by another football player from the opposing team
Cheerleaders show symmetry as they prepare to perform.
Cheerleaders in blue performing on a football field underneath a yellow football goal post.
Cheerleaders wearing blue walk onto the football field.
A man and a girl are both looking at something of interest.
Local people trying to sell goods street side.
A man in a brown dress standing in sand.
Four boys are playing at a wooden playground.
The man in the red overalls stands on the sidewalk.
A group of girls in blue outfits.
A line of cheerleaders in blue costumes wait to perform.
A woman and child play in a snow covered yard.
A hockey player in black and white collides with another player wearing blue.
Boy in orange jersey has the football and is being tackled.
A person in blue climbs up a very tall cliff, attached by red and blue ropes.
A man jumps from a rock into the water.
A little girl is about to jump into a mud puddle with her flower rain boots.
A boy in shorts kicks while standing in shallow water.
A downtown city were a person is leaning up against a building while on his cellphone.
Men playing a game in red uniforms
A white dog on a leash is wearing a yellow jacket.
One man on a lift and another man on the roof of the building watching.
A black and brown dogs pulling a red leash.
Four office workers are working on a project.
A large brown dog and a small gray dog on a rocky surface with weeds behind them.
A boy bouncing on a trampoline.
The black and white dog is herding the sheep.
A man is showing three kids sitting at a table shadows.
Little girl in a pink Hello Kitty shirt is jumping.
A motorcyclist is leaning into a curve with his motorcycle
A woman in a black dress rinsing out a rag in a blue bucket.
Twos small brown monkeys on a wall fighting with each other.
A person leaning on the back of a bus, while two other people lie in the street.
A young girl in pink is sitting on the ground.
A child wearing a red top is standing behind a blond headed child sitting in a wheelbarrow.
Old man cleaning the sidewalk outside a shop.
An older women with gray hair and glasses, taking a nap in bed.
An oriental woman working on an industry line.
A motocross rider is on a dirt hill.
Two children are playing on the beach and the girl is jumping.
The two people wearing green are sitting down and surrounded by empty seats.
A football fan showing his devotion by painting his face.
An older man in a blue and white shirt plays a saxophone.
Man with helmet performing a trick while rollerblading.
Three men, two with shirts, one without working on the roof of a house.
Two bike riders standing with 3 bikes parked at the car.
A man, wearing cowboy attire, is riding a horse in a rodeo, while a crowd behind a barricaded fence surrounds him.
A man riding a black and white bull while people with cowboy hats on are watching.
Two couples are passionately embracing on a beach, while an elderly couple looks on from above.
A group of people gather in front of a red house.
A young girl, in a stars and stripes bathing suit, does a back flip on the beach.
A cute puppy fetches a yellow ring chew toy in the yard.
People gather to drink and talk outside the door of a building.
A group of teenagers play music at an outdoor event.
A group of people at a rodeo watching a cowboy being thrown from a white horse.
A man is riding a horse as people watch.
Children, including one with a painted face, pet tiny turtles that are crawling in the green grass.
A child with sunglasses and a shirt filled with dirt.
A dog chases a ball that has dropped in the water.
Four children playing in water spouts.
A woman with matching light blue t-shirt and headscarf sits on a chair made of stone.
A couple acting like they are swimming in front of a fish cutout door.
Two ladies in tutus dancing in the street.
A couple women perform in the street for a crowd of people.
Two climbers are sitting on top of a mountain attached to ropes.
Five people are sitting on horses at a rodeo.
A white and black dog runs on the grass.
A woman smiles from inside a red tent that is surrounded by snow.
A man wearing a white cap and white sweatshirt working on a roof.
Semi-pro martial artist practices his most powerful moves.
A toddler in stripy pants is reaching for a white stove in a red floored kitchen.
A cyclist is performing a jump by some trees.
A young man clad in a jersey and shorts watches some Ultimate Frisbee players in action.
A man on a cellphone wearing a cowboy hat and a blue and white shirt is standing on a curb.
A man is sitting on a chair, while many people walk in front of him.
Two small children are gathering water from a large container.
A boy performing tricks on a brick wall with a skateboard.
A man talking while a lady is working out.
A group of young ladies walking down a street in a tourist area.
A woman plays an instrument while many people watch her.
A motorcycle rider turns the motorcycle on its side while racing.
An older man with glasses wearing a black jacket and black hat.
A young girl jumps in the air in front of a white house.
Big black dog and kitten curiously looking at the wooden weave basket.
A young female cheerleader dressed in a blue uniform is cheering in front of a group of band members.
A band of musicians standing on the street.
A brown dog is nibbling at the white dog's face.
Three people on a cliff are looking out at the water below.
A man is standing wearing cargo pants, an orange hard hat, and yellow safety vest.
A man with no shirt is playing tennis.
A man sitting on a curb in a city park.
A man trying to break the world record for hanging upside down.
A lady with a brown dress on is holding a glass and a cigarette in the middle of a room full of people.
A group of construction workers walk past a building under construction.
Two construction workers, one holding a yellow piece of metal, and the other holds tool.
An old man and his dog are standing otuside with a cart.
Two women stand in the sand in their bikinis.
One child sitting in a stroller, wearing a stethoscope.
Blond girl in pink and white dress swinging.
A dog splashing in a small pool with a small football.
A man with a lot of jewelry and punk rock clothes poses against a brick wall.
Two men put their arms and legs out to the side.
A young Asian child eats red sweet bean paste.
A dog swims in a pool while another watches.
The nurse is all dressed in white walking on a street.
Person's foot resting on fluffy black dog.
Older woman in striped dress, white jacket, walks down street with shopping bags.
A group of people launch an air rocket in front of a marina.
A black and gray dog is playing with a blue ball outside.
A girl with a yellow EL Dorado Elementary School shirt on showing the size of something using her fingers.
A man with an umbrella sits on a bench in a public area.
There are many children working on different activities in the classroom.
A boy in blue is riding his bike in a skate park.
A small girl chases a pink ball over the gravel driveway.
A soccer player is making a kick.
A group of backpackers take a break under a nearby tree.
A tri-colored dog is running on the green grass.
A man standing on a sand dune and reaching to the sky.
Two children grin and hug each other.
Person on a skateboard in the air
Woman with glasses working at a sewing machine.
Young boy using a vacuum cleaner on a rug.
Two red dogs running in green grass by a fence.
A soccer player leaps sideways in the air to kick the ball.
A tan dog jumping through the water towards the shore.
Little boy surrounded by a pile of leaves.
Two women sitting on a couch with red and white pillows with canes beside them both.
A young blond boy smiling standing on a staircase
A little girl and boy dressed in red eat cereal out of purple bowls.
Two men are kneeling on a sidewalk.
Men are working by a cement mixer.
A man works on a large vehicle.
An old balding man is writing on a piece of paper on a table.
A man jumps off a rock into the water
A young boy is holding on and riding a zip line down a hill.
A man is climbing a cliff high in the air.
A brunette male toddler is sitting in a sink and holding a toothbrush.
An adorable young child looking up into the light.
Two men cyclists examining the chain on a bike at night.
Musicians are practicing as directed by a director.
A construction worker operates a cement mixing truck while talking on a cellphone.
Workers run a hose next to a house.
A group of workers are doing some construction work.
A man is working on electronic equipment.
A man is bent over working on a red vehicle.
Older man painting a picture of ancient ruins in the background.
A woman in a suit and gloves is conducting a small orchestra in a bright room.
Two adults and a child wait to cross a street.
A dog attempts to pick up a large tire with its mouth.
Two dogs play in a field.
A man in a striped shirt selling green and yellow melon out of the back of a pick up.
A group of young adults on bikes
A woman in a black dress and high heels is getting onto a bicycle.
A person dressed in blue performing a back flip.
A group of women are all wearing orange bikina tops and orange saroog skirts.
Four men standing behind cash register and tip jar.
An old man with a long gray beard sits on a stoop with two other men.
A woman playing bass guitar on stage with her band.
This man is a union employee making 95,000 a year mopping floors for the government.
A man rides a pinkish motorbike on a hill.
A man is climbing on a metal support in the bleachers of a large arena, at a crowded sporting event.
Two people, one on the phone, in front of a train.
A man is talking on a cellphone next to a car parked in a dark alley.
Two men with paddles in the water.
An old man sits outside an open doorway on a low stool
A few black guys talking to a girl.
A boy in shorts stands next to a jet of water.
Two people fighting in a karate competition with judges watching.
A young man blocks a kick during a sparring match, while judges stand by.
A man being struck during some form of martial arts competition.
A person wearing a straw hat, standing outside working a steel apparatus with a pile of coconuts on the ground.
An Asian man in a polo shirt repairs a tennis shoe.
A young man jumps with a surfboard over the waves.
A black dog catches a Frisbee at a park.
A black dog runs on the shore while a light brown dog jumps up to catch a stick.
A dirt biker lands on a ramp.
A skateboarder flies thorugh the air while others watch.
A football player carries the ball during a game.
This picture shows a group of soldiers in body armor with red shields
The group in traditional clothing is playing instruments.
A man in a striped shirt is taking a picture while a man rides a bike behind him.
Three men working together to clean a uniquely designed ceiling.
A woman jogs beside a tall concrete wall.
Two football player are in the kick off position in front of a crowd.
A small child wearing a pink hat, blue jeans, and white shirt standing in a grass field.
Three men are banging on metal barrels.
Two elderly women can be seen from a car talking next to a wall.
A man adjusts music on an audio mixer.
The dog on the right is baring his teeth at the other two dogs.
Group of people dressed in black crossing city street
A man and a woman walking with two women sitting in the background.
A man is nibbling on an ear of corn
A guy on Rollerblades, sliding across a rail.
A group of motocross racers lined up to start.
A soccer team in navy blue running onto the field beginning a game.
A young girl in a black vest jumps.
Fans watch as players rest between sessions in a football game.
A little girl walks and laughs outside.
There is a stadium full of people watching sporting event with male players.
The perfect view from behind a soccer goal post.
A soccer player in a yellow shirt tossing the ball back.
The soccer players are walking on the field.
A woman sits backwards on a chair in the middle of a field.
The dog jumps to catch a flying disc.
A young boy staring at what appears to be a grasshopper as he holds it in his right hand by its leg.
Two college football players about to face off.
These are ladies and a man, in a bar, passing out something in a basket.
A nurse is taking care of a patient.
Two men and a woman sit, arms folded, by a window.
A man sitting on a couch smiling.
A waitress is performing in a restaurant with her arms spread out and a top hat in her left hand.
An old man sitting in a chair, reading a book.
Two men in a hospital, one is visiting the other is a patient.
A man in blue shorts walks up stairs.
Three people are in a room together and one man has an arm sling on.
A middle eastern couple walking down the street.
The skateboarder in the white t-shirt is riding on a wooden ramp.
A foreign county with children on moped.
A woman in a black cap is laying on the beach in a pink bikini.
The young men are having a good time at the beach.
A group of tourists are walking down a paved trail.
A little girl on a red jungle gym.
A man wearing black pants rides along a concrete ledge on rollerblades.
A small boy is playing at a water fountain
A blond woman in a red top is sitting on a wall next to a kissing couple in jeans.
Motorcycle racers take a sharp turn.
A young man and woman in shorts and t-shirts are playing a video game.
Four women dancing at a party.
Three construction workers are sitting around a fenced in area reading next to a sand castle.
Two people and a dog playing in the water with a ball.
A man on a white waterskiing ramp on a lake
Young woman in a red shirt is playing with a chinese yo-yo.
A man looks confused as he stands in front of a blue and white umbrella.
A dog runs across the ground.
A lot of people are listening to a man with a microphone.
A group of people are watching a band perform.
The man in the green jacket performs a song for a crowd of people.
A sunset sky over rippling water.
Two construction men with white hats are sitting in chairs reading newspapers.
A man is sitting in a wagon with a donkey attached
A group of men take a rest after a long hike.
A man is working underneath a blue older model car.
A little girl throws a pink and yellow chunk of chalk.
Two friends are smiling and wearing large sombreros.
A man on a ladder repairs bronze shingles on the roof of a building.
Pedestrians walk around cars on a busy street.
Surfer does trick in wave as seen from behind
A dirt biker leaps through the air.
A woman hammers a piece of hot metal on an anvil.
Two dogs pee on the fire hydrant.
A lot of people are walking on the street of big city.
Skateboarder grinds a concrete railing.
Three men in casual dress sitting on a stone wall with one more standing near.
Two muzzled greyhounds dogs racing around a track.
A man in a white shirt is leaning against a railing with a woman in a yellow shirt.
A soccer team with green uniforms and their coach are huddling.
An older boy drinks from a water fountain while a younger boy watches.
3 Asians drawing characters on paper.
Prarie dogs that are spotted with, brown black and white
A young girl walks alone while toting her bag.
A group of people holds tennis rackets, and pose together near a tennis net.
People with their faces painted for a celebration.
An Native American in a red and blue dress sitting and picking at some green grass.
Two middle-aged men standing outside of a business that sells chairs.
Two people with white helmets on riding in a Yamaha red and black vehicle.
Three guys looking out at the water with clouds in the sky.
Two smiling, small children, one child holding the other on a swing.
A person doing a leap with his bike over a hill
A man sits in a glider cockpit on the landing strip.
A man wearing no shirt begins to jump from a drum into a crowd of others.
An old man in a blue shirt, working on a workbench.
A mom is taking a picture with her two small daughters.
The woman is resting her head on her hand and sitting in a crowded area.
A woman and a boy are sitting and eating at a table.
An artist wearing a red jacket and blue jeans painting on the street while wearing headphones.
Four kayakers on a moutain stream.
The BMX rider wearing a black helmet gets air off of a jump.
A woman is a little scared because a bird landed on her shoulder while she was in the warehouse.
A boy is skateboarding in a skateboard park.
Bearded man in a blue jacket walking down the street.
An old man sleeping in a wheelchair outside of a building.
Some people are applying for something.
Two young men wearing potato sacks pull a decorated cart down a street onlookers watch on the side of the street.
A newly married couple laughs during their reception.
A bride and groom are dancing with each other with their backs turned to one another.
Two dogs play rough with each other indoors.
A man lying on a park bench with a bottle of alcohol next to him.
A little girl in a yellow dress is prancing down the sidewalk.
A girl wearing yellow jumps over a red and green rope.
Men in helmets walk down a crowded street at night.
A man in black clothes standing on what appears to be a black locomotive.
A man and a woman are smiling
A bride and a groom are sitting by a tree smiling at one another.
A dog staring at the end of an ice cream cone.
Young man on a trick bicycle jumping off a masonry pyramid.
A woman sits against a wall in a fancy building.
Woman in a field of tall grass and wildflowers holding up a yellow scarf
Man paddling a yellow canoe on a river.
Young man sitting on a blanket in the grass and eating a ribs.
One man sawing a tree and two men picking up debris.
Surgeons observe a doctor in green scrubs performing a surgery.
Man working with metal and a burning fire at his side.
This little girl is laying in a pile of leaves.
A four piece string band performing.
The man in the blue shirt held a knife and got ready to cut the sheet cake.
There are numerous people sitting in gray chairs.
Boy skating on a railing in a parking lot.
Some children are sitting on rafts in a lake.
A man on a rough working on the rough made of straw.
A biker does a trick on a ramp.
A woman in nursing bra in bed asleep with a sleeping baby.
Boy skating on skateboard, photographed from low angle.
A girl with brown hair is getting her hair styled by a lady in a pink shirt.
A man is taking a shower.
A man on a motorcycle riding on a track and waving.
A man putting bundles of hay onto a cart.
One brown dogs snarls at the other dog while they both are in the snow.
A father and son enjoying lunch after a morning of shopping.
A little boy in a bathrobe sits on a bench near the shower in a bathroom.
A piece of cake is being served on a paper plate.
A girl and guy in the middle of a field practice exercises.
An Asian woman holding a fan watches traffic go by.
A man in runner's gear is pushing a stroller down the beach.
A group of people are sorting white and red bags.
A man wearing a t-shirt and baseball cap uses a shovel.
Boys play soccer near a goal post.
A dog jumps in the air next to a man on the beach.
A man standing against a building, in the sunlight, as you can see the shadow of the person taking his picture
A man with a guitar in a band singing into a microphone.
A little boy playing on gymnastics equipment.
A woman is scooping ice cream at a table with candy and toppings on it in clear bowls.
A race cars muffler catches on fire.
Woman wearing nun's veil eating a sandwich in a crowded area.
A man in a red uniform jumping on a sports field
A man hangs onto something as he is being pulled through the water.
A man does a jump trick on a bike.
Two men look on as a third puts laundry detergent in a washer.
People playing, basketball ball in air
Two young men perform martial arts in front of a basketball hoop.
Profile of bride and groom cutting wedding cake.
An Indian woman stands knee deep in a body of water washing her clothes.
A group of people watching a large explosion.
Three children wait at a table for a cake to be sliced.
An adult couple enjoys time in a hot tub.
Several young boys dressed in orange robes, standing with arms raised along side a river with boats.
Children are pulling on a rope.
Two young boys are carrying a large object across a wooden deck.
Adults and children gathered outdoors under a slatted roof socializing
Children wearing costumes sit in front of a iMac monitor.
A man is working with hot metal parts.
People walk through what looks like a dry and ravaged field.
A man walking on a beach that has trash.
A large group of teenagers mill around on a patio.
People watching a baseball game through the fence.
A group of people are picking up trash on a beach.
A young boy runs along a boardwalk towards a pigeon.
A group of people, big and small, in a public place.
People sit, eat, and relax in the shade.
A sailor directs a group of people while they are on a boat.
A man with long brown hair is reading a map.
Tourist that are taking a tour amongst natives in the rocky canyon.
Man in jeans and sweatshirt jumping in air on wet surface that shows reflection.
A man jumping on the hard ground.
Long-haired man in blue jeans carrying red bass drum above his head while talking on the phone.
Rollerblader in green shirt and hat, slides down a green handrail next to steps
A person swimming in a swimming pool.
A man in a yellow and yellow shirt puts his arm around a man in a blue shirt.
A man with a backpack crosses a busy street.
A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet racing in a race.
PitBull holding a plaid dish towel in its mouth.
A man dressed only in a towel is in a sauna.
Male biker bikes through the woods.
Greyhound dog in yellow jersey and running on a dirt track.
A skateboarder jumping in front of a building.
A small girl wearing pink sleeps on a man's lap as they ride in an airplane.
Person in a 3-wheeler driving on 2 wheels.
A dog wearing the number four runs in a race.
A group of people playing football form a big pile.
A female drinking a frothy beverage from a large clear mug.
Someone having fun on their surfboard in the clear blue ocean.
A person is doing tricks on a bicycle in a city.
Young girls playing soccer.
A man with glasses, a coat and scarf stands in front of a blue wall with an open book.
A guy in a blue shirt is sleeping on outdoors.
A little girl with blond-hair is outside playing with a small doll.
A small black dog chews on fingers.
One man is holding a beer and the other is taking a bite of food.
Two men and three children are at the beach.
A man is flying down a flight of stairs on his skateboard.
One woman browsing the internet in the comfort of her home.
Two men and a woman are performing on stage in a "Thomas the Tank Engine" play.
A man in a robe is standing near candles.
A smiling young woman in an orange jacket and jeans, walking down a hiking trail.
A lady and a man are nature lovers.
A girl walks towards some sheep in a grassy valley.
A young couple lying in bed.
A middle-aged woman is vacuuming her kitchen floor with a canister vac.
A horse and rider, jumping a barrier on a course.
A brown dog is running between two gray poles that are very close together.
A woman with a yellow shoulder bag gives a man a massage.
One man in a blue jersey is running holding a football
The white dog is carrying a ball in its mouth.
A man walking down the street is passing a brick door.
A dirt bike takes a turn.
A man with a number 12 on his chest is mid-stride while running a race.
A middle-aged man participating in a marathon, running in a street.
A woman in a dark blue hat and a windbreaker jacket jogging with headphones in her ears.
Three greyhounds are in a dog race at the track.
A lady in a blue shirt is watching her three kids playing on the playground.
A man performs a back flip while preparing for an outdoor performance or competition.
A brown dog runs over a dirt and grass background.
Two girls with brown hair and blue shirts are clapping.
The guy in the white jacket has a blue hat on.
Five women wearing skimpy red and black outfits pose.
A bunch of race runners grouped together with red and blue balloons in the background.
A runner dressed in red, white, and blue is running.
A woman in a blue tank top and spandex shorts is running in a race and a man is catching up to her.
A man and a woman, dressed in black and white, run a marathon.
A man and a woman are competing in a road rice.
A runner holds up an index finger while she runs.
A man in a black vest and a woman in a white jacket are running in a race.
A female hiker is looking at the view of some mountains.
Man following through on a bowling shot made in an alley.
2 kids holding hands and smiling.
A woman, dressed in old fashioned clothing sews a piece of material as she sits in a wooden chair besides a red brick building.
Minivan drives down wet urban street at night, splashing water.
A man jumps off a spring board and spins in the air with other athletes in the background.
A man wearing a jeans jacket is smiling
Two girls wait on the street while wearing tight, barely there clothing.
A brown dog up to its neck in water
Two women sit next to each other at a table in a crowded restaurant.
Military personnel with giant scissors standing under a 'Grand Opening' sign.
A guy wearing a gray shirt and an orange jumpsuit working on the railroad.
Old man in black coat and hat sitting against brick building.
A man standing on a beach is playing with two dogs.
A lady in jeans and a jacket walks carrying her backpack over her shoulder.
A crowd is looking at a shrine while holding their hands in the air
A man on a roller scooter holding on to rope
Two men trying to give directions and failing completely, confusing their victim in the process.
A group of people are gathered in a public area.
A woman wearing a black tank top and a colorful skirt is looking at the available machines in a laundromat.
A woman in a market sorting the lettuce.
A little girl with a blue shirt is standing by a man wearing sunglasses on the beach.
A man rides a motorcycle on a track.
A man in blue and black surfs on a huge white wave.
Four men working below a scaffolding around an open work site.
A man in a black shirt, covered in paintball splatter, makes a face.
A surfer vertical in a wave with another approaching him
A family is playing in a pool and one of the young boys is shooting something with water.
A laughing woman wears a purple feathered hat and caution tape.
Several people are standing on a sidewalk near a man leaning against a pole.
A man is at his job working Construction.
A man standing on concrete outside wearing a red shirt and gray pants.
A boy in a red hat admires a barely dressed woman.
Tall man slightly dodging a bull in the center of an arena while other people look on.
A silhouette of one dog chasing another dog.
A woman swinging a tennis racket on an outdoor court.
Someone is using two poles to hike on a mountain.
A metal worker in a lift is cutting a rusty girder.
A boy is posing next to his scooter.
The little girl in pink is eating a burrito.
Karate class is fixing to start.
A man in a blue long sleeves shirt and cloth wrapped around his head, getting ready to smoke.
A person performing a bodyless bicycle jump over dirt ramps.
Three people are on a white surface in front of a fenced in area.
A group of people that finished playing tennis.
The man is walking towards a group of people on a long dirt road.
Two women jogging down the street.
The two light colored dogs are pulling on a blue object that is in their mouths.
A woman in a blue skirt stands as the train passes by.
Protesters in a city promoting the cause to stop hunger and war.
A tackle in a football game.
Women in purple outfit and man with red shirt using red teeter totter
A man in an orange shirt, wearing a headset is surrounded by food.
Two black dogs run in the sand by a pier.
Two men standing on red seesaws.
A white dog runs in the surf with his mouth open
Dirt bike rider jumping down the hill.
A boxer with a red helmet has water sprayed into his mouth by his coach in the boxing ring.
A boy is jumping off a swing
A child in a striped shirt pets a white goat that is laying down.
The black dog is running on the grass.
A black dog with a red collar is walking through water.
Two males on a street corner crooswalk with a billboard behind them.
A clown with a red nose blows a bubble.
A mother sits with three children as they eat ice cream.
A windsurfer falls off his boat in the ocean.
A little dog running between yellow poles.
Young boy doing the backstroke in a swimming competition for his school.
A gray dog with a muzzle running.
An individual is scrapping the bottom of their right food with a blade they have in their hand.
Two young women snooze at their restaurant table.
A white greyhound dog is wearing a red jacket with the number one printed on it.
A little boy wearing a green jersey playing soccer.
A woman sits on the floor, working on an Apple laptop.
A bike mechanic is working on fixing his bike before the big race.
A group of high school students are walking along the sidewalk next to a building.
Two asian women stand and talk by a street.
Several people are riding on back and sides of a car.
Two men speaking in front of a red box statue.
An asian marching band with uniformed members in beige, yellow, and red play in the street.
Several children practicing martial arts with wooden swords
A little girl is dressed in a pink ballerina costume.
A person is on a ramp on a skateboard.
An asian man with a headband and face paint hard at work.
A man is laying back while a man and woman look in his direction.
A guy on a waterskiing board is doing a stunt.
A little girl holding a tennis shoe.
A young woman with blond-hair, wearing a gray dress, and red tights, listens to music as she walks briskly to her destination.
A woman is standing outside near many bicycles.
An old asian woman is sitting in front of a subway train and passengers are walking by her.
A man in mid - air while going down a sand-dune.
Two blond dogs are standing together on a patio.
Small child playing in grass near sprinklers.
A woman with a hooded sweatshirt and bikini bottoms holding a camera at beach side.
Woman riding a dressed up horse on the road.
Asian police in blue uniforms are standing in front of a construction site.
Little boy scout leaning on a full outdoor table of Asian diners.
A man and a woman are preparing a meal.
Two elderly women walking across a street, smiling.
A white dog is running through the water onto the shore.
A small tan dog is jumping over a chain linked fence.
Three dogs are in a fenced yard and one is jumping off the fence.
A blond woman walking a plaza in front of brightly colored buildings.
A soccer participant is trying to hit a ball while an opposing team member runs behind him.
A girl with pink hair is brushing herself.
A man puts on some work gloves as people set up tables for an event.
A motorcyclist doing a trick while in the air.
A blond-haired girl is putting on a bike helmet with a sticker that reads "cool cats" displayed on it.
Person riding bike on dirt track in wooded area
Many football players are running on the grassy field.
A football player catching the football.
One football player attempts to get the ball from another football player who is running.
An Asian woman plays a drum.
A man in a black t-shirt and blue jeans is pulling himself up with his arms on a big iron structure.
A man is trying to catch a baseball.
A man on a bike is wearing a helmet, logo shirt, and is pointing at you.
A young boy plays in the water by the ocean.
A white woman wearing white pants and a black top is waiting for the bus to come.
Group of women doing a presentation off an easel.
Three men are doing a musical set with wires and equipment all over the stage, and they are holding unique guitar like instruments.
A man in a blue jacket rubs his forehead.
A man is receiving a kiss from a toddler while holding an infant.
Man walking down a dirt road with stores on the side.
Two people look up from their microscopes in the middle of a crowd.
Three men are having a discussion behind a tow truck.
A car with a heavily damaged anterior is being pushed through the intersection by a few people and a police officer.
A businessman in a yellow tie gives a frustrated look.
Three men, two wearing yellow suits, are looking in the back of a car.
Guy with blue shirt and glasses, frantically with arms outstretched communicates.
A businessman wearing a suit, appears to be upset, and he pinches his brow as he sits before multiple computer monitors.
Firefighters attempt to put out a wildfire in New Mexico.
The little girl in white is bouncing on a multicolored inflatable.
A dune buggy goes down a hill.
A man wearing an Astro Boy t-shirt and wearing a baseball hat is cleaning a pool.
A news interview with a man
Three miners in a field searching for gold.
A little girl wears her helmet while she rides her bike.
Two girls riding on an amusement part ride.
A blueish green car on a dirt road splashing water on the left.
A man on the subway holds his bags and looks at a book.
A man on a motorcycle is silhouetted by the sunset.
A man in a chef's jacket is seated at a white table and writing in a book.
A orange, white, and black motorcyclist racing.
A person is climbing a wooden ladder on a very steep, jagged, rock cliff.
The dog is jumping on to the couch
A group of kids are sitting next to each other on a green cloth trading materials.
A city street is shown with pedestrians and a man standing beside a food cart.
Six men climbing a pole in the water, four men are shirtless and the other two are wearing shirts, one is white and one is blue.
People crossing a bridge over a body of water at sunset.
A BMX biker flies in the air off of a ramp.
A man in a black hat pushes against a giant rock.
A man in a sweatshirt and blue jeans is taking a nap on a bench.
Two young males watch another male skateboarding at a skate park.
A boy is riding a plastic sled down a snowy surface.
A group of school children practice dancing.
A man holding a white helmet is running on a street.
Two men sweeping and picking up a street covered in trash.
A middle-aged lady with glasses and a multi-color striped shirt is holding a newborn baby.
A man is playing with a black and white dog.
Girl in blue tries to get a base runner number 11 out during softball game.
A dog jumps to catch an orange Frisbee.
A woman at the stove wearing a blue oven mitt takes a sip from her wine.
2 People with white hats looking over the mountain
A group of people are standing in the sand trying to hold a large pole.
A husky dog running through a yellow tunnel at an obstacle course.
Two little girls are playing in the fountains.
A couple playing with a little boy on the beach.
A young blond boy climbing on a playground.
Two white bunnies are outside on the grass.
This girl is outside, kicking leaves, in a field where there are trees in the background.
Four young boys dressed in uniform play football.
There is a guy with headphones around his neck next to a guy in a hat looking off-screen.
Soccer player wipes face with blue jersey.
An enthusiastic crowd of people kicking a red ball around on a grassy field.
Six young people are laughing and leaping into the air.
Three men laugh as one falls to the ground holding a white ball.
A person is surfing a big wave.
A brown dog is playing with a white fluffy stuffed animal.
Three brown dogs on the patchy grass.
A man wearing a black shirt and white shorts, along with three other people, are around a ping-pong table.
Two football teams playing a game
A blond woman reads with a drink in hand and Oreos nearby.
Two girls wearing bikins are standing in the lake.
A young man does tricks with his bike on a course.
Crowd sitting in a tent after a meal.
An elderly person with a brick wall in the background.
A man doing a handstand outside of a garage.
A woman is reaching out of the shot and leaning over necklaces and jewelery.
A man is climbing the mountain.
This artist in the res shirt chisels away at the stone to create a masterpiece.
Five people are looking at something interesting through a glass.
A show jumper is making a brown horse jump over a white fence.
A person above their surfboard on the water.
A view from above of someone tending to trays of fish for sale.
A woman intensely playing tennis in an all-white outfit.
A security guard in a blue shirt moving through an airport.
A man in a suit waits for the subway
A woman with straight brown hair and a green sweater is looking at another woman with pinned up hair and star-shaped earrings.
Workers work to clean up debris on the beach.
A group of people are on a covered area talking, and some of them are wearing volunteer for parks t-shirt.
A black dog rolling in the green grass.
The family of a soldier walk beside him down a path full of leaves.
People at beach wearing gloves collecting trash
A couple goes around the beach picking up garbage.
A woman with sunglasses standing at a table with condiments.
Peeking through a doorway to see a man walking with a bike in the evening light.
A worker peers out from atop a building under construction.
A very large brown dog is playing with a smaller curly-haired dog.
A young boy in a blue jacket hula hoops.
A man wearing a hat is dancing around an area filled with light and graffiti.
The rugby players are competing for the ball with onlookers nearby.
A couple is married in a church as guests look on.
A young boy holding a pumpkin in the middle of a pumpkin patch.
A curly-haired kid is throwing axes at bulls' head painted targets.
Two girls at a restaurant are eating.
Three men react as a football flies overhead.
A man taking a daring leap while practicing his parkour
A silver car being driven in a parking lot, while crowds watch.
A group of men in ethnic dress are dancing.
The man in the blue shirt is kissing a woman in front of a wedding cake.
Three people are cleaning up a beach.
A group of teens and a group of adult men talk amongst themselves in an outdoor area.
Brunette woman running tongue over teeth.
Two white girls holding up signs advertising for a car wash fundraiser.
A black car on the street behind wire mesh.
A child is trying to keep from falling off of a sheep in the rodeo ring.
Military man shakes hand with a man in a suit as onlookers watch.
An asian man dressed in a white shirt and blue jeans gives a powerpoint presentation.
A member of the US Army accepts an award from an Asian man.
Uniformed soldiers are in line in a cafeteria, receiving the food that they have chosen.
Man and a child at an exhibit booth looking at something.
A guy is sitting on his bike with one wheel in the air.
Two dogs running in a field in front of a house.
A woman and a boy sitting on a bus.
Three people with white gloves on picking up trash on a beach.
Two women are smiling as they fish together, one with a net, and another with a fishing pole.
Man in army uniform speaking to two asian men in suits.
Several men of Asian descent, along with US military members, are sitting in a lunch meeting, while talking informally and ordering their food.
A woman is shaking hands with an American soldier.
A man in military uniform points as three other men watch.
Three soldiers in fatigues are sitting around a table.
Three soldiers are having a discussion in front of a playground, while others look on.
Lifeguards gather at the Beach Patrol station.
A person with gray hair and a gray outfit is lying down on a bench.
Several people, some holding umbrellas, ride a long boat down a river.
Two women and a man on blue and yellow seats in public transportation.
A young girl rides on a horse through a trail.
Three women sitting on the end of a pier, drinking, splashing their feet, and laughing.
Three soccer players collide in a rush for the ball.
A group of hockey players slide along the ice during a game.
A dog jumps in the air with a lady standing near.
An artist is painting a picture of a woman that is modeling with a Japanese umbrella, while standing on the beach.
The man in the black leather jacket is jousting from his bicycle.
Three women are climbing a wire tower while wearing little clothing.
Several people are eating and talking while another plays the piano.
Asian man walking in a muddy stream pushing a wooden tool.
Two cowboys on horses chase a young cow with lassos'.
A large construction site with many vehicles in a city.
A boy with a yellow shirt and gray pants playing ball alone.
A dirt road that has trees on one side and run down buildings on the other.
Two men sit on a bench surrounded by plant life.
A woman in pink pants walking beside a little boy riding a toy.
Two players hustle during a soccer game.
A man in an orange vest is facing away from the camera rising on a bus.
A little girl sliding down a slide at a playground.
A middle-aged man's shaving his beard in a room with white walls which doesn't look like a bathroom.
A middle-aged woman has fallen asleep on the train.
Two yellow dogs play in a green plastic pool.
A man is popping balloons inside a cubicle using a handmade tool.
A young boy dressed in slacks and layered tops uses a leaf blower in a grassy area by a street.
A child is on the ground crying.
A small boy looking at things through a microscope
A greyhound is active in a grassy field.
Small girl in a colorful shirt looking at a flower in a living room.
Two little girls are in a meadow looking at nature objects.
Two men dressed in white hit a ball while a third man walks up.
A man watches as a woman cleans a pool.
Young boy with a small soccer ball.
A group of people are having conversation while drinking some beer.
A child in a red shirt is sitting against a wall with a map while eating.
A little boy sleeps in his blue stroller.
A child is touching dough on a cutting board.
A dad with his child and an apple pie.
A man sits by a window on a train.
A dog walking through the water at the ocean.
A man performs a skateboarding trick on a cement monument in a city park.
Two dogs race across the track.
A woman is sitting and holding a partially woven basket.
Two men on motorcycles are driving down an empty street.
A man in a green shirt and black hat playing a guitar on stage.
A teenage boy does tricks jumping across a railing.
A yellow dog plays with a large stick in the grass.
Two packs of sled dogs meet.
A girl is standing in the street waving her arm as cars pass by.
A young man sits on a chair with one shoe off.
A blond-haired woman covers her mouth as a man in a black shirt motions with his hands.
Girl and a boy, playing tennis.
People running a race and the guy in gray is in the lead.
A man and a woman are standing in a forest.
Two men in black shirts playing electric instruments in a room.
A person riding a bicycle going over a raised platform.
A woman sitting on one of a row of green chairs is holding a microphone.
A man and a boy watch a dog leap to catch a ball.
A woman with a long ponytail and a man with short hair enjoy a laugh while eating dessert.
Seated street musician in black derby plays wind instrument with no one listening or watching.
A man carrying bags of vegetables in one hand and a tray of vegetables in the other.
Guards at a concert, woman in red dress on stage.
The child is riding a vehicle along a gated path next to a beach area.
A guy stands at his london tourist stand.
The boy in the red jersey runs with the football.
Woman that is playing a bass.
A runner in black is passing an outdoor florist shop.
Young women gather for a small party.
Several people gathered in a kitchen around an island eating.
A snowboarder is in midair doing a trick.
Many women in colorful saris are entering a stone building.
Two big brow dogs who look alike wrestle.
A worker welding some metal wearing full protective gear while he is sitting down
A cowboy with a white hat fails to wrangle a calf at a rodeo.
Three children are playing on the shoreline with a ferry docked in the background.
A young child jumping in a pile of leaves
Two women and a man are standing next to a picnic table covered in food and water.
Two men writing in the sand on a rocky beach.
A man smiles as he looks down at an orange sports car that's parked at a curb.
A man in a green shirt roping a calf in a rodeo arena.
A lioness is chasing a black bison across a grassy plain.
A football player runs past an official carrying a football.
An older man, who is pilot of a plane, is smiling.
A boat turns right in an open river.
A blond person stands in front of a building with outstretched arms.
A boy does a skateboard trick.
A young boy is performing tricks with a skateboard at a skate park.
Men play saxaphones outside a building.
A man is doing a skateboarding trick, known as the ollie, over a staircase.
A brown dog is on the green grass.
Two boys in blue shirts fighting behind a gray car and two other children.
Three women jump happily after finishing a road race.
A snowboarder launches into the air over white snow
Two men are playing soccer on a grassy field.
A rock band plays on a Zune stage while many people watch.
A band playing outside a Zune building.
Kids are in the park waiting to try the big blow up activity.
People dressed as Santa in a club with green balloons.
A boy riding a Thomas the Tank Engine scooter and a girl riding a pink scooter are on the sidewalk.
The runner dons a batman uniform for the race
A goalie in a red uniform kicks at the soccer ball to protect the goal.
A bicycler jumping over a barrier with his bike.
An older man looks over a younger man wielding an ax chopping wood in a fall setting.
Two hockey players compete on the ice.
A little boy is attempting to do a cartwheel.
Surfers on a huge ocean wave at sunset.
A dog shaking off water after playing in the water with a Frisbee.
A little girl swings, a woman stands behind her.
A person in a large pink triangle-shaped costume waves as a man and a woman dressed in matching brightly-colored striped and polka-dotted outfits smile back.
A man and woman kissing in front of a white statue
A blond girl in a black cape stands with other children in costumes.
A man with glasses and a green beanie falling asleep on the subway.
Two small white dogs wearing muzzles jumping over a small item.
A treat vendor is standing in the sun while others sit in the shade under umbrellas.
A man plays guitar and sings into a microphone.
Race cars at night in the rain.
A group of people enjoying a hot air balloon ride.
Group sets up for martial arts fight.
A surfer rides a large wave on a blue board.
A lady and a kid in a strawberry ride
A man in a blue shirt takes a break from digging in a river.
Three people acting in a play.
A group of people with children are performing on a stage.
A person in the air on a bike.
A lone rock climber climbing a rock wall
German Shepherd jumping through black hoop while people watch
A little girl sitting on a chair is blowing up a giant yellow balloon.
A man wearing a Vegas shirt has an open suitcase beside him.
A worker, elevated on a piece of equipment, is trying to repair a pole near a window.
Two young men are leaping exuberantly on an outdoor plaza.
Four men wearing orange vests are at a construction site.
Two workers are walking around a construction site.
A man in a sweatshirt with a hat is looking over a bridge at a lake.
A baby is pulling the cat by the tail.
A blond little boy with green and blue shorts is digging a hole in wet sand.
Three dogs play in the grass near the playground equipment.
Women in the fields working in a farm planting rice seeds.
An old man looking pensive as he stares off his balcony.
A crowd waits outside a subway train, ready to board.
A person doing a bicycle trick over a wooden ramp.
A woman in a red dress is standing next to a girl looking at water.
A dog runs across the grass.
A football player folding a football during a game in the mud
A group of people wearing hats are gathering with big bags.
One soccer player wearing a blue, Samsung sponsored jersey is stumbling over another falling soccer player wearing a red jersey.
The surfer is in the wave.
A crowd walks on a sidewalk shortly after it has rained.
A middle-aged woman in stylish clothes, holding a camera.
A man standing outside in front of a field with a big yellow sack on his shoulder.
A woman speaks into a bullhorn on a cold night.
People wait in line to board a double decker bus under streetlights
A little boy is playing with sand at the beach.
Boys do skateboarding maneuvers with an American flag in the background.
A man and woman are kissing and taking a picture of themselves.
A man sits at a table in front of a large mural.
A man sitting on a subway.
Several people, including a young girl with a pink top and shorts, waiting at a bus stop.
A boy in a green short is running in the sand.
A kid is walking and he is pushing his toy
Boy and white dog running in grassy field
A woman sits at a desk and types on a computer.
Two dirt bike riders in midair.
Men in a cluster during a bike race
The brown German shepherd dog is playing with a stick.
A woman holding a purse stands at the edge of a rocky ledge and looks out at the trees.
A couple walking the beach together probably remembering good times.
A pitcher and catcher celebrate striking another baseball player out in a pro game.
Five people sitting around a table looking over some papers.
A large crowd of people, some with their hands in the air, gather in a large building.
The five people are standing under three tan arches.
Two women hug while a third gets out of the car.
Three Chinese women are discussing something.
Two women are crossing a bridge over a narrow waterway.
A man dressed as a clown riding a bicycle in a race.
A toddler boy in overalls sliding down an orange slide
Lots of people are enjoying a concert.
A group of people are standing along a wall waiting for something.
A man is holding up his hand by a flag.
A baby happily stacks his Legos near his playpen.
The white duck is swimming with a black dog
Military arrest a man in the middle of the street.
Male gathering straw to make huts.
Two ladies wearing hats and a man pushing a stroller were passing a spa treatment facility.
A man doing the bicycle on a public area bench.
A man is jumping a rock on an orange dirt bike.
Three musicians are seated on chairs, playing their respective instruments.
A little boy in a blue hoodie is spinning the handle of a crank operated machine.
Tennis players are seen conversing on the court.
A girl dressed in a Halloween costume is carrying bag of candy and a scythe with a jack-o-lantern on someones porch in the background.
A man in a flannel shirt is chiseling a rock.
A child dressed in purple and an adult dressed in black.
A girl doing a kick near a woman.
A middle-aged blond woman is directing an object onto a trolley.
A snowboarder grinding down a side rail.
A young boy with blond-hair smiling while posing on a tree branch.
Five boys playing outside in a fenced-in backyard.
Everybody is dressed as a zombie at this party.
Two girls in red costumes play together.
Man in a police costume next to a man in a zombie costume.
Man and women in a halloween costume having a conversation
A green pull wagon is parked under a tree in a shaded area.
A man on a motorbike in midair
A group of middle-aged people with laptops and notebooks are paying attention to something.
A man rollerblading on a metal bar.
Two opposing male players are chasing the ball in field hockey.
Two musicians are carrying speakers, guitars, and musical equipment.
A group of Amish people are standing outside of a church.
Man with mask on raises hand.
A woman giving a baby a bath in a specialized baby bather.
Two men play basketball.
A basketball player looks for someone to pass the ball to.
The basketball player in blue is challenging the player in orange for the ball.
A man in an Ozzy t-shirt looks at his breakfast of poached eggs and toast with coffee on the side.
Two men with short hair are working.
A large group of people are protesting something on a street-corner.
A couple dressed in odd costumes.
A white dog wearing a red collar is jumping up from the grass.
Two men from opposite teams playing basketball.
A man in a Miami basketball uniform looking to the right
A white woman looking outside her window in broad daylight.
A small girl brushing an older girls hair with a white brush.
A little girl looking through a newspaper.
A man is lifting heavy rocks and stacking them on top of one another.
Looking through a vehicle's windshield at a dog crossing the road.
A man in plaid shirt hits a tree with an Axe.
A baseball player swinging a bat
A group of young men sit on rock and look in the distance.
A man standing at a microphone in front of a large crowd.
A young lady being comforted by a man after she has seen something sad and it has made her cry.
Man and woman standing close together while another man watches.
A woman stamds in the middle of a brick road.
A computer lab in a school, five people pictured.
A little boy sleeping on a striped couch while wrapped in a white blanket.
Soldiers are washing pans in red tubs.
A man in an orange shirt and blue helmet races his bike.
Several horsemen are riding past each other carrying flags.
Older woman in yellow jacket, holds sign saying "DOWN AND OUT" in urban area.
Man with striped shirt on standing next to his motorcycle.
A man in a blue coat walks a small white animal as a buss passes in the background.
Military personnel learning how to shoot their rifles.
Cyclists are carrying their bicycles up a steep grassy hill.
Middle-aged balding man sitting looking at two computer monitors.
A girl in an orange shirt lights candles.
Guy and girl kiss at train station.
A tan dog is sitting in some snow
Two dogs play with each other in the leaves.
Several people in a band jumping up and down to the music.
This band is playing on a stage.
Several people are marching and one is holding a menorah as he marches.
A group of young men throwing rocks in a foreign country.
A boy wearing a blue wetsuit rides on a blue surfboard.
The proud dog returns with the toy it fetched.
A very busy city street at night with bicyclists and taxis in the road.
A man with a blue sports jacket and another with a green shirt are looking towards the camera.
A large crowd of people are walking in an open air food bazaar.
A seated boy plays the accordion.
A woman is eating what appears to be a mussel.
A woman with a dog descends an outdoor staircase, a bus behind her.
A one armed man swimming holding a drinking bottle in the pool.
3 women cooking in a kitchen.
A man plays a yellow guitar while a cat watches him.
Girls walking in the street on a sunny day.
A chef and his two sous chefs prepare a dish in a restaurant.
A dog licking his lips in a room with no food in its dish.
Four construction workers are working at night in the city by the water.
A boy and a girl dancing.
Several young boys wearing blue helmets and blue and red life jackets on a raft
A man gets lots of air time as he wakeboards.
People completing a ballot while children are sitting behind them on the floor watching.
A woman waving from between two piles of dried corn husk.
A little girl is playing with a large, white poodle in the driveway next to a police car.
A dog chasing a pink ball.
An elderly woman wearing a striped hat, sunglasses, scarf, and blue plaid shirt.
A group of people making excited expressions with their hands
A man with a cast is using a camcorder to record an enjoyable event.
A young women wears an "Obama" t-shirt.
A group of young women, one up in the air.
People riding their bikes and shopping late at night.
A group of men dressed in suits are standing on a stage.
Four soccer players play on the pavement.
Two women, one playing an instrument and one dancing, are at the shore of a beach.
A man in black holds up an Obama 08 sign.
An man of African heritage is wearing a gray shirt and silver neck chain.
Woman sitting on a tall, white wall.
Men and women are gathered at a cluttered store, clothes hung on racks are scattered throughout
A dog chews on a stick.
A woman with a scarf on her head walks down a wooden boardwalk.
A toddler is sitting at the bottom of a slide and smiling.
An old man takes a nap in a rickshaw.
Average, everyday people walk by a facility.
Two men are sitting on a grassy hillside wearing bike helmets.
Crouching man peering through a row of light blue and gray uniformed men.
A closeup of a man shooting a handgun into the woods.
The lady is waiting to clean the bathrooms.
A woman in boots sings and plays keyboards from an elevated stage to a seated crowd.
A woman in a dress playing her acoustic guitar.
A man talks on a cellphone while holding an Obama campaign sign.
A man wearing an Obama t-shirt and holding a coffee cup.
A man in a green shirt reclines in a lounge chair in a living room of a house.
A small race car with advertising is driving on a rainy track.
Several people are picking through crops at an urban market.
An Asian child carries produce in a round basket down the sunny street.
An Asian woman gets out of a taxi in the middle of town at night.
People yell with their arms streched at night.
A group of men and women are in wedding attire.
A little girl is ecstatic after opening a present at her birthday party.
The black dog is running down the grassy knoll to jump in the water below.
A man and a child stand nearby each other within a tribal group.
A hunter is holding a bird in one hand and his gun in the other.
A man in a orange safety vest holding up an animal he shot.
There is a man holding a gun in a corn field.
Four men with orange safety gear walking through a field.
A young boy in a red shirt climbs a playground rock wall.
A woman sits and watches another woman play in the pool.
A boy jumping with a sunset in the background.
Woman text on phone while man on bike passes her by.
A black man and a large, golden dog are on the beach.
Rafts and a helicopter over water.
A man is in freefall from a point at which others are observing.
At the shooting range, a man in a green jacket practices his shooting.
Two men in wife beaters sit in front of a bunch of dead birds.
Kids aggressively getting ready for a play in football.
A dog trots with a ball in its mouth.
A group of young children playing hopscotch on a sidewalk.
Guy mowing lawn and listening to the radio at the same time.
A man in the shower with a Mohawk made out of shampoo.
A young blond child in a white polo shirt is using a toothbrush on a frog statue.
People are walking down a busy city street.
A kid, in a gray hoodie, having the back towards the camera, is holding up an american flag.
A young girl walks among vegetation and flowers.
Four children are sitting on the ground next to a tree that is white around the trunk.
Group of guys sitting in a circle.
Salyo the clown prepares to make a balloon animal for little girl in pink jacket.
Three men draping a rope across a road.
Two young men stand in a room holding technical equipment.
A small bird sold something in its beak.
A woman in blue sweater points while standing with a group of other women.
Two men in suites sway to the left, one holding a briefcase.
An ATV racer blasts down the track sending dirt flying everywhere.
Three people walking along a stream in a jungle.
Two adults and two children are riding bicycles down a street.
Sled dogs pull a sled through a snowy forest.
A man wearing a yellow shirt jumps into a lake surrounded by two waterfalls.
A boy looks into his telescope in a grassy field.
A black and white dog on an orange leash jumps in a field.
A soccer referee points as he directs a soccer player in blue during a soccer game.
A man in athletic attire walks across a green grassy sports field while cameramen look on.
Boxes of fruit and vegetables wait in a dark market.
A large group of people all driving Jeeps down a two lane path.
It seems like this man is preparing to bake something.
A runner heading toward a base while the baseman tries to tag him out.
People in blue outfits are carrying supplies.
Here is a picture of African Americans standing with doo-rags on their head.
Two people at the bowling alley.
A blond girl with a poster poses with a black-haired girl.
Three people wear a lot of makeup and stand together.
A toddler in a white sweatshirt is getting ready to grab the pole.
Boy in a helmet riding his bike in a marathon.
A dog runs down a footbride in the fall.
A group of friends is posing in a pub.
A girl sits on a bench holding an inflatable tiger next to another girl in a colorful outfit.
A woman is laying on the beach next to her bike.
A indian female seamstress works on a piece of cloth.
A young man leaps through the air from a rocky mountaintop.
People move furniture through the second-story window of a building using ropes and pulleys.
The three people are playing around with a fake knife.
The man wears a white hat and poses with a blond woman and a black-haired woman.
A couple hugs while holding a plastic tiger.
Two children are dressed up like characters in Michael Jackson's 'Thriller' video.
Woman in sunglasses accompanied by a man in a safari outfit.
A man in a fancy pattern jacket stands outside a club with two ladies.
A black and brown dog playing in the water at a beach.
A girl in a pink checkered coat walks down a hallway followed by another younger girl.
Overhead view of several people going up and down a staircase.
A man is listening to headphones standing in front of two tattered american flags
Two woman competing in a sporting event
Three speed skaters racing down the ice rink.
Child in bathing suite walking towards water on beach.
Two people are walking down the street holding hands in the fall.
A man sits with his dog in front of a painted wall.
Group class for martial arts, some in uniform and some not, taking place in an outdoor facility.
Young boys line up at the line of scrimmage during a football game on a gray day.
A man catches a huge wave on his surfboard.
Three girls jumping on a trampoline.
A wrestler is falling onto another wrestler who is laying in a ring.
A nurse preparing to wrap a newborn baby up.
Person on a bike wearing a cone hat, with different items in the front basket of the bike and tied to the back of the bike.
A young skateboarder looks off into the distance.
A group of 7 women and a man in a building taking pictures and talking.
A little boy wearing a coat buried up to his shoulders in leaves.
A race car driver smiles and gives the thumbs up before a race.
A white male jumping in the sand on a beach.
A little Asian girl holding a plastic bag with Mickey Mouse inside it.
A man walking down the street.
A black and white dog is biting on a pine cone on the grass.
A poor family is leaving their home with only a few belongings.
Two boys are playing on very old architectural structures.
Men in an office with computers and a projector screen.
A man wearing a t-shirt using a computer with a very large monitor.
A young boy and his dog lay together on the floor.
A man wearing a green shirt is skateboarding on a ramp beside a white fence.
A child sitting in a purple chair reading a book.
A woman in a race turning a corner.
The black dog wearing a red collar shakes water off.
A woman in a plaid skirt and black top plays an electric violin.
A man waits by the side of the road, near a body of water.
A man with glasses is listening to headphones and looking at a computer screen.
A man is drinking wine while sitting in a chair.
An Asian couple kiss outdoors on their wedding day.
A child is playing in with paint in the kitchen.
Two children playing on the side of an old white truck.
There is a girl playing a double bass instrument around other musicians.
Man in a black suit, white shirt and black bowtie playing an instrument with the rest of his symphony surrounding him.
A girl in orange is hitting the ball in field hockey.
On the waters edge, there are children who are playing in a sprinkler system.
A little girl wearing pajamas is playing with blocks.
A man drives a red motorcycle with his daughter in his lap.
A baby crawling around in a grassy field.
A young boy is pushing an adult male in a wheelchair.
Several women are playing musical instruments at someone's home.
A dog picks up a stick with his mouth while treading through water.
Two people standing on a beach looking at seagulls and the surf.
Two men are running side by side in a field.
A group of people dressed up and dancing.
Two men and a woman sit at a bar table drinking glasses of beer.
Two scuba divers underwater, enjoying their time.
A telephone repairman looks down from above while repairing his lines.
A young male surfing.
A boy in a striped shirt and hat does tricks on the steps.
People are crossing a street at night.
A young woman stands near the road with the red leaves behind her.
A man in a bright green jacket riding a bright yellow motorbike.
A group of children and women crouching aside a stream of water.
A brown dog runs through a orange tunnel.
One large brown dog running along side a black and white dog.
A wmoan is jumping off land and into a ditch.
A young woman in a dark green tennis outfit serves the ball.
A person in a red hat stand watches the onrushing waves.
A dog running through a field with a ball in its mouth
Four small children sit on tall stools at a restaurant bar.
A man in a black sailor's uniform and white hat clenches his hands together and grits his teeth.
A girl in a pink shirt sitting on a red ball.
A dog is standing up against the kitchen counters trying to get into bags.
A man and a woman smiling at a crying baby.
Several people are in a hot air balloon posing for the camera with a river in the background.
People sitting on the roof observing something in the distance.
A man in a light blue polo shirt plays an arcade game in the middle of a grocery store.
A young woman in a bright pink dress poses for the camera.
A man in a dark shiny suit plays the piano and sings on stage.
Band playing in front of a crowd.
A man in a gray shirt plays the harmonica.
Cheerleaders on a field practicing a move.
A young man in a black jacket asleep at a restaurant.
Person on bicycle doing a trick on white fencing.
An Asian woman in a pink shirt and tan pants is pulling on a pole while a little boy watches.
A barefoot and shirtless skateboarder rides along a road.
A group of greyhound dogs racing with muzzles covering their noses.
A man in a black shirt holds a large bushel of vegetables.
There are people standing and setting beside white tents with sad and worried faces as they look around at boards and trash scattered around the area.
A child carrying a large object on his head while looking at the camera.
A man wearing a gray shirt is tuning his guitar.
A man is singing into a microphone as others play instruments.
A person wearing a red scarf and a black jacket is standing in front of a small roadside shop next to a motorcycle and waving.
Several surfers ride a wave approaching the beach.
Two young, smiling African children in colorful clothes are carrying a jug of water.
An athelete takes a break and sits in the grass drinking water.
Ice skater wearing blue suit while racing against other skaters.
A boy turns a handcrank in a courtyard.
A boy in a red sweatshirt rakes leaves into a pile.
A man sitting at a desk with a large pile of papers on his lap.
A dog wearing an orange vest scampers playfully across the grass.
A woman playing tennis preparing to serve the ball.
Clad in galoshes she balances making quick work of the task at hand.
Men and women walk past an artist on the sidewalk.
A man on a blue surfboard is on a wave.
Two men holding their arms out from their bodies.
A black dog is running pasts a wire mesh fence with a blue bone shaped toy in its mouth.
This is a small blue green and white manual.
A man riding a brown horse poses in front of a mountain scene.
A small boy raising his hand and standing among a lot of orange pumpkins.
Two people are sitting at a table outside of a building.
The little girl tackles a man and makes the universal sign for "Touchdown!"
A girl in colorful clothing is jumping on a bed with a color-block quilt.
Three Orca whales jump in a pool at seaworld.
A teenage boy wearing a blue and white uniform playing a form of Hockey.
A woman holding a young boy slide down a water slide into a pool.
A group of guys holding another guy pose for a photo in front of a graffited trailer.
Three male swimmers are competing is a swim meet.
A child is jumping into the water next to a pile of seaweed.
A brown dog jumping through the grass.
The German shepherd dog is chasing after a ball.
A German shepherd jumps left on patchy grass.
Several people are smiling as they wear crowns, garish hats, and painted faces.
A man with a red wig and other people in costumes are gathered.
A person in a rainbow wig and colorful clothing shows something to a woman.
Old woman missing teeth stands with metal object in hand.
Small crowd standing on an ocean beach in the evening.
These are four students, one is writing.
Three girls are sitting at desks and appear to be working intently.
A girl sits at a desk and reads a paper.
A group of people working in a UNICEF storage facility.
A young boy holds a green shovel.
A woman in yellow carries a child in the water.
Men are trying to sell balloons and balls.
A group of elderly peddlers selling blow up balloons and toys along the side of a street.
Man standing at a food and beverage stand.
A man, a girl and a girl dressed like a nun are rehearsing in the kitchen in front of makings of hotdogs.
A group of children eating cake.
Two males, one in a black shirt and one in a striped sweater, cook.
A woman with scuba gear is preparing to jump into the water.
A group of children and two adults are sitting on a bench.
Two soccer players kick a soccer ball.
A woman in a maroon scarf sits and looks out over a white rail.
Three thin women in colorful dresses.
A group of people in black shirts walking on wet cement through a park.
Two dogs playing outside near the water.
A man wearing a white helmet is rock climbing.
A brown dog sits on the beach.
A small black and white dog is looking at another brown dog.
A young boy playing in a pool.
A baseball pitcher is bowling the ball.
Bike rider is looking at a accident of other sports bike rider.
A lemonade vendor in a checked shirt sits behind his lemonade stand.
A pilot at the window of a British Airways plane.
A girl with her arm around a boy covering his face.
A woman sewing on her porch.
A man and a boy wrestle inside a house.
The lower halves of two kids playing soccer
A black and white dog with a blue dog toy in its mouth walks across a grassy yard.
A wet bulldog shakes off water.
This is a man and woman who are holding up a marriage certificate.
A white and black dog racing on a track
Three children in blue shirts swinging on a swing set.
Several children peer into microscopes while being supervised by adults.
Two commandos with gun by a staircase and an old man holding a hat is sitting on the stairs.
A blond man jumping off a cliff into some water
A man wearing a red shirt and white smock uses a butcher clever to cut into a skinned chicken.
Two men are kidding around as a woman watches them.
A man wearing a blue outfit is pushing a boat, which is wooden and covered, with a pole, and a woman wearing black is the passenger.
Three people are harvesting grass from muddy water.
A man is wind sailing in the ocean.
One small dog chases another across grass.
A snowboarder flies off of a jump which is next to a big red atomic sign.
Diners are sitting at tables in a restaurant.
An older man in a brown suit rests on a bench by the water.
Two brown and white dogs running across grass.
A man wearing green jumps with his skateboard in the street.
A little girl sitting in a seat.
A young girl looks on in to the camera, as a group of people, possibly a family, gather in a backyard.
A young, brunette man jumps over a metal railing while smiling.
A closeup blurred image of a man wearing a green shirt and tan pants.
A man is walking along side a yellow bike on a sidewalk.
A man in a blue sweater is talking to a gray headed lady.
A man riding a motorcycle down the sidewalk.
A brown dog jumping off a rock into a lake.
A middle-aged man is looking at the middle-aged woman.
Three young boys, a young girl, and a small dog are playing in a fort made of sticks.
People walking down a ramp in an underground tunnel.
A surfer rides the crashing waves while another follows behind.
A man is lying on the ground fixing a tire.
Man riding a mountain bike doing a jump in the air.
Little muzzled white dogs are running in the grass.
A woman wearing a blue face is resting her finger beside her nose.
A dog runs through the woods.
A group of people is standing on a porch, and one of them is petting a yellow dog.
A young man standing in a crowded area.
Three boys in matching bowties and vests performing with a group.
Two women kiss cheeks while holding flowers.
Two pretty ladies show off the low cut backs of their dresses
A girl is jumping into a pile of leaves
A man wearing glasses, a blue shirt with a black jacket and a smile
Two men pose for a picture on a camera phone.
Two men with sunglasses on their heads facing each other in a crowd.
College students sitting on the floor cheering for something.
A woman dressed in a red sweatshirt, wearing a white apron, and washing a large pan in a sink.
Blurry people walking in the city at night.
Two men are working in a kitchen preparing pizzas to be cooked in the oven behind them.
An older man sits on a bench at the bus stop.
An elderly person with a white hat is reading a paperback book.
A dirt biker is airborne in front of a crowd.
An older man in a pink shirt and a black vest plays the flute while looking at his sheet music.
A group of motorcyclists in a race.
A man wearing a yellow safety vest helps prepare an airplane.
A gathering of people with computers and videocameras.
Two adults in helmets are fooling around with mountainous terrain in the background.
Two brown dogs in a grassy field, one jumping for a ball.
A man reading a piece of paper next to stored pork.
A dog walks across a puddle of water in Las Vegas.
A woman in a red and black jacket and a bicycle helmet sits on a mountain bike.
Four women are standing together, posing for a picture.
Against a panoramic backdrop from a mountain overview a woman is photographed wearing a biking helmet and sunglasses.
A person in green surfing a wave.
Two people are in a tent near a brick wall.
A man at his desk is reading from his computer monitor.
One guy wearing pink and another guy wearing black are sitting and talking, one of them is drinking something.
A man pushing a cart selling treats of some kind.
Three men are standing on a cliff overlooking mountains and the ocean.
A man in a black hat looking at pictures with another man.
A woman, in the striped shirt, is in the process of bathing a baby.
A man in a white robe stands and talks to people who are sitting.
A man in a brown shirt and jeans is doing a trick on his bicycle.
A female gymnast in black and red being coached on bar skills.
A man in mostly leather clothing stands in a nighttime entertainment area.
One man and two women dressed in vampire costumes
A man in a red shirt is sitting on top of a rocky mountain.
A little boy with rain boots takes a walk in the park.
A woman holding a baby up and making a funny face
A man attempts to push another who is carrying a ball.
Two young girls, one in black and one in blue, are practicing on balance beams.
Five women and three dogs posing for a picture.
A man with a yellow shirt and gold sun mask on his face.
Two individuals dressed up like animals are posing for the camera.
Child in a gray hoodie standing on the bottom of a red plastic slide.
A person waving is hanging off a zip line.
A lady with glasses holds a baby who is looking up at her.
A small crowd of people jumping into the air.
A woman with pink bangs and a child are sitting at a table, about to eat a meal.
A man with a yellow shirt is singing into a microphone.
A dark complexion man in yellow and maroon shirt works the controls of a machine.
A dog stands on a cement platform looking down at rubble.
A hockey player tries to make a goal while the goalie and another player look on.
A white dog running in the fallen leaves.
A dark brow dog holds an orange ball in his mouth while walking through water.
A man helps another man do a back flip in a yard.
Two people in two kayaks are paddling on the coast, with trees on a hill in the background.
A man in a brown trench coat talking to a security officer in a mall.
A man with brown hair with glasses on looking up at someone and laughing.
Five people are inspecting bicycles outside in a wooded area.
Man wearing a red, black, and white jacket riding a bicycle down a paved path in a park.
A young boy is playing in leaves.
A man holds a microphone to his mouth, backlit by green lights.
An artist is working on a statue.
Ground based military forces preparing to move out at night.
A lady with red-hair prepares some food.
A man sliding on a concrete bench on his snowboard as people watch
People are shopping at an Asian market.
A person in red is lying on a bench in a park, and two couples sit on other benches together.
A man kayaks in rough water.
A man in a blue jersey is kicking a ball while another man watches.
An unhappy toddler sitting on the sidewalk.
A man wearing jeans is working to make a sculpture in the sand.
Rugby players competing in a match.
A man swims in the pool with a child in a life jacket.
These two children and dog are running through a field of grass.
Seagulls abandon their rock as a wave crashes against it.
There are a lot of people on the roller coaster.
A young child balancing a plate in the air on one arm.
Two women stand near a wall plastered with advertisements.
A groom holding up his bride's train to ensure that it doesn't get wet on a rainy day.
A wedding party watches as the bride and groom kiss.
Young woman in summer clothes jumping up and down on rocky shoreline.
A team of rowers rowing in a green and red boat
A man in a shirt with flowers is looking down.
Two men in blue jumpsuits, one holding a bandaged girl
A guy in navy blue and yellow shorts jumping into a pool.
A group of five young adults lounging indoors.
A monster truck soars into the air at an arena.
A little girl wears a helmet and prepares to ride a scooter.
A group of children playing in a water fountain.
A recently married couple pose outside in their wedding clothes.
A newly married couple dances with money on their clothes.
A good-natured stunt is pulled on the blindfolded groom, as his new wife watches, amused.
A tan dog with a black collar on and his master playing around in their free time.
A man dressed in business attire stands next to an orange and green taxi cab.
Some people are standing, some walking, and one riding a bike, in a paved alleyway.
Two ladies and a girl are lounging under a shade tree.
The skier is wearing a yellow jumpsuit and sliding across a yellow rail.
Basketball players participate in a game.
The field hockey team is trying to score a goal.
A man watches the waves from the ship deck as he ties a rope.
A heavyset couple sitting in lawn chairs on the grass with a brown dog at their feet.
A fencing class takes place on a basketball court.
Skater boy does a trick and gets his photo taken in midair.
Two men playing hockey on the ice.
A man watching as one woman in a brown coat is talking to another woman in a gray coat.
Three girls are standing together making peace signs with their hands.
Children are playing with leaves in the autumn.
The boy is leaping into the air.
A young boy wearing a blue and red jacket is raking leaves.
A pile of rocks and a group of people around it.
Person doing a trick on a skateboard in a skate park while people watch.
A man and woman are drinking beer outdoors at night.
Four native children perform for a group of people.
Someone is taking a brown canoe down to the lake.
A couple takes in the view of a town square at sunset.
A man and a wolf in the arctic snow.
Two young girls laughing on a tire swing.
Male gymnast on the rings.
The ambulance on the flatbed truck was in a collision.
Three women are sitting on a green bench looking out at the coast.
A girl in red pants riding on a moped.
Ship workers posing for a picture in life jackets underway.
A man enjoying a carnival game while his friend looks on.
A person leads three horses away against the sunset.
A closeup into a large unique type plan with a lone woman in the center.
A man wears a t-shirt showing a baby humping a stuffed bear.
A bicyclist is attempting a trick down a flight of outdoor stairs.
A crowd is gathered around a man watching a performance.
A little girl in blue is smiling whilst playing on a rope swing.
A child and an adult looking at each other.
A guy wearing a black shirt and jeans, sitting on a couch, with multicolored butterflies on the wall behind him.
One Indian lady at a weave making a blanket.
A crowd of people are standing in front of Italian style buildings.
A dog chained to a chair with a shirt and hat on.
A person wearing a red shirt is falling off a white surfboard.
A woman wearing gray, sitting on a picnic table by a baby stroller.
A woman in a green tank top riding down a festival slide.
Three children stand in front of two large tires.
A young boy is sitting on a skateboard in the middle of the street.
Children playing an informal game of hockey
A child wearing a blue shirt is walking on the street holding up two fingers.
Two people browsing for clothes at a store.
A shop is closed and a girl is peeking through it looking at lingerie collection.
A woman in a red dress is talking on a cellphone.
Two people with bicycles, one in front running with a bike and one in back riding.
Cooking hot peppers in the cold winter!
Two motorcyclists riding tandom on a biek down the street.
Young kid in a blue shirt is doing a trick on his rollerblades.
A crowd of people are gathering at many different tents, most of which have white roofs, outside.
A group of people are rowing a boat in a contest.
A group of old men walking down the street
A man shows a large hammer.
A young dark-skinned boy in a large shirt sitting next to a large pile of sandals.
Several boys dressed in dark colors are sitting down.
Two young children, a boy and a girl, are walking down a wooden walkway through the woods.
A boy on the street holds a box.
A lady in a red sweater and a blue jean skirt bowling with an orange ball.
A group of people rowing in a boat near a city.
A little boy in a pool gives a thumbs up to the camera as another swims away.
A skateboarder is in midair in the middle of a trick.
The man turns with the wave on his surfboard.
An officer knocking a man to the ground as others flee.
A man in a blue outfit decides to grab his private areas in the middle of a protest.
A young boy kicks at the autumn leaves beneath his feet.
A man in a tan coat is one of the people reaching out to photograph the parade, which features suited men with briefcases.
A young girl is sitting on a bench near a tree, polishing a shoe.
A black dog with a red collar sniffs the ground.
A boy playing hockey lies on the ice, injured.
People are getting food from a food stand by the water.
A man in black is sitting in a restaurant.
A young girl is kicking a soccer ball in the grass.
A dog runs with a large plate in its mouth.
Two men sitting on benches and three men standing up.
A cricket batsman has been bowled out middle stump.
Women dressed in short skirts are going to a party.
Two college looking guys preparing food in the kitchen.
Four children are outside in a line all in a crab position.
Pedestrians and bikers crossing a busy street
A happy family is sitting around in a circle in their living room playing with a set of dominoes.
A young man parasailing in the ocean.
An African boy in traditional clothing accompanied by two other boys and a woman
A motorcycle popping a wheelie in front of a group of people.
A basketball player in a white uniform is making a jump shot against a team wearing black uniforms.
Three little girls are lying down on white pillows.
A woman in a purple top is walking a bicycle between two stone columns.
A black and white dog swimming in the pool
The girl wearing the pink striped shirt is standing in the doorway with her arm outstretched.
There are three hikers in the vicinity of a mountain.
Six dogs are competing in a race.
A man is welding something on a cinder block.
Navy men stand along a red carpet and salute as their superior walks by.
A cheerleading squad performing in front of an audience
An old woman in a long white skirt walks out of a shop on a stone road.
A dog runs through a field.
Three people dressed in red and black stand on a sidewalk in front of a beige wall adorned in graffiti.
A brown and black dog swimming in a river
A man is standing at the shoreline on the beach with 4 dogs.
Two warmly dressed small children are looking at an object together.
Two players in red white and blue football uniforms squat down on the field.
The man with a blue pair of shorts is rowing.
Three men sitting around a fire in front of a cabin.
A young boy rides in a small boat.
Snowboarder does stunt on his board in the snow.
A boy is crouching down, making a kiss face.
A little boy is jumping off a mound of tires in the woods.
An overweight man sitting in the cab of a truck.
Two people on the subway are sleeping in the corner.
Baby boy sleeping on a blanket in the grass.
A surfer riding a surfboard in rough seas.
A man doing a one armed handstand in the grass.
A boy rides down the street with a younger boy behind him on the same bike.
Young men playing basketball in a competition.
Two children are diving side by side into a river.
A girl in a blue shirt with a lunch box is walking.
A woman is dressed in a costume with a huge feather in her hat.
Couple kissing in the middle of a street.
People walk about the Chinese storefronts and a man sits outside at a table with a laptop and advertisements.
A public transit train runs through a city.
A man in a blue cap is sitting on a stool under a tree.
Several young girls stand in a rural road.
A man with black-rimmed glasses and a mustache is talking.
A utility worker is scaling a building.
A surfer in a yellow shirt riding a wave on a white surfboard
A man wears a red bandanna
The German Shepherd is digging a large hole in the sand.
A little boy in blue is running through a pile of brown leaves.
A boy on a skateboard is at the top of a ramp.
A young boy reaching and jumping.
People gather around a Christmas tree, including some wearing Santa hats, during a Christmas celebration outdoors.
Two dogs run in a field herding sheep.
A young woman in a green tank top walking her dog down a dirt road.
One mn standing on the ground, and one is standing on the roof.
There is a crowd of people on the busy corner of 18th St. outside Bank of America.
The dog by the fence is running on the grass.
A group of people taking food from a salad bar.
A female covering her face in laughter at the dinner table.
A girl stands on two thin logs and photographs buffalo across a river.
A man sits on a raised platform behind a decorative arch.
African American children playing in a street in front of a yellow car.
A man runs with his bike.
A group of young people are building gingerbread houses.
Workers walk along railroad tracks entering a tunnel.
A woman holding a purse waits as the passenger train passes by.
A small girl giggling while playing on a toy.
Two boys eating ice cream are holding the hands of an adult.
Two kids playing in sacks on the floor.
A basketball player in a white jersey prepares to pass the ball back into play during a game.
Someone riding sideways on a motorcycle.
A group of people wearing various shades of white performs at an activity center on stage.
Two young girls at play in a home.
Small children play inside a small yellow and blue tube.
Two toddlers posing for the camera.
Man in red jacket giving a thumbs-up with one hand a holding ticket in other.
One person is whispering to another.
Two Japanese ladies with colorful kimonos on them.
A man on a motorcycle racing a car in the distance.
Two young children wearing wool caps and mitten covering their mouths while whispering to each other.
A person doing bicycle tricks on a wooden ramp.
A man is on top of a cliff overlooking a forest and lake.
A man dressed in blue, holding a Subway Sandwich sign on the sidewalk.
A dog is laying on his side on a sidewalk with his mouth open and showing his teeth.
An older man cutting up a bunch of coconuts.
A brown and white dog has is mouth open ready to catch a green ball.
A singer singing on stange with a guitar player in the background.
The photographer is holding up a disc that has an image on it that looks similar to the gentleman he is taking a picture of.
A rasta man with dreads is cutting fruit.
A woman is writing on a post-it note that is on a board full of brightly colored post-its.
Boy wearing red hat, blue jacket pushing plow in snow.
Two dogs, one white and one brown, run along side each other near a grassy field.
A restaurant front line, with a warmer in the front and a person in a red Coca Cola shirt cooking.
There are two motorcycles with a man and a woman on it.
A dog plays on the beach.
A blond woman wearing an apron is putting ingredients into a bowl.
A bearded man and a woman in a dress holding a cup.
Two women with long hair posing for a picture
A man and a woman smile for the camera.
Three men stand in a bar with a purple counter.
A man in a white suit is standing with two women.
A man is holding onto the underside of an outcropping while rock climbing.
Medical workers in uniform are gathered around a table.
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on blue water.
Workmen in orange clothes, repairing a street.
Two men in orange outfits clean up garbage spilled on the street.
Six neighborhood kids are playing in the snow.
Two people wearing handkerchiefs over their faces, one with a blow horn
A dog stands in the white snow.
Men pass food out from a truck bed.
A man in a blue sweatshirt passes a bag of food to a woman in a brown jacket.
Five men assisting with the loading of a truck while three women observe.
A small white bird looks at a small object.
Young men in white jerseys, playing a form of roller hockey.
Women participate in a skit on stage.
Two athletes wrestle on the floor of a gymnasium as several others stand near.
A man in a blue shirt passes under the Samsung arch.
A man under colorful stage lights playing a guitar.
A group of people are hiking in the forest.
Three women and one man are having a friendly conversation in an office.
A woman stands at a podium.
A large number of people are sitting around several tables.
Two women lift a bag of canned food.
The surfer does a flip off of a wave.
A man flies into the air with his surfboard.
A woman setting at a loom with a child making cloth.
A boy and a girl dancing with each other.
Party goers at a rave dancing by a table with glow sticks on it.
The blond-hair woman is beating on the instrument.
A man in nightclub stands in crowd of people with his hands in the air.
A young couple conversing inside a hip dance club.
The dogs are running in the water.
The fat brown dog is standing over the little white dog.
A woman is holding her baby in a hospital room.
The girl is swimming is a blue-green ocean.
Two people dressed in black sweatshirts are enjoying athletic activities on a deserted beach.
A small dog jumping along the sand
A man in an orange shirt standing by a potted plant inside a building.
A line of people waiting in the electronics section of a Walmart.
Several people are leaning over the side of a bridge looking down into the water.
A man talking to a woman who is laughing.
Two women on the dance floor with other people dancing.
A woman holding a plate of watermelon at a party or gathering.
A group of people are dancing in a dark nightclub while a man plays the drums.
A man and a woman smiling in a nightclub.
A man wearing a blue bathing suit stands on a red surfboard at the beach.
Man in brown shirt and jeans playing guitar and singing.
Several people dressed in Indian clothing are talking to each other.
Four people are walking on a beach.
Jockeys are racing their horses on the green field.
Three construction workers discussing how a project should be started.
A man and woman dressed in old fashion clothing sit outside at a table.
An older gentleman is caught working in front of his two-monitored desk.
A man is operating a television camera high up in a crowded stadium.
A wet black dog shakes itself off.
Man and woman wear fur coats while walking down brick road.
A man is about to play his guitar.
A man is playing a green electric guitar while standing in front of a microphone.
3 men of a band is performing on a stage.
Two men in black clothing posing for a picture by a colorful building.
A dog runs across the leaf covered ground.
A person wearing red rides a bicycle over a dirt path.
A dog with a Frisbee in the snow.
Two men are performing, one is singing and both are playing guitars.
A crowd of people are lining up outside a stadium.
Many people seem to be selling and buying fish in a fish market.
Man stands next to woman dressed up as a fake police officer.
A man is taking a picture of himself, and a shouting child in a stroller, in a mirror.
Older gentlemen is playing guitar while wearing vans shoes.
A guy with a white sweatshirt and guitar drinks from a can while on stage.
A man sitting at a drum set.
A woman in a coat is walking down a sidewalk near Chrismas lights.
A musician plays his old, red guitar in public.
A man in a black shirt and blue jeans holds a microphone while a band performs with him.
A photographer is takeing a picture of a bird mobile.
A dog has its mouth wide open trying to bite something.
Two men play electric guitars.
Two men are making hand gestures and posing for a picture.
A man is playing music with the drum set.
A man walks on the sidewalk by a sign.
Young girl in blue dress and tiara applying makeup in the mirror.
A female wearing a green shirt is holding a white box in front of a table with two coffee cups near another person.
A young boy holding a brush over the sink.
A woman writes on a paper at the desk nearby concrete walls with graffiti and detritus on a table.
Street vendors sell various wards, including pineapples and soccer balls.
A man singing into a microphone as a part of his band.
The tan colored dog has a yellow toy in its mouth.
Two men shaking hands and smiling at the camera, while a third man stands behind them.
A man is pushing a dumpster next to some rates stacked up in an alley.
A man and a woman walk down an urban alley, flanked by small businesses on either side.
Two men on canoes on a lake.
A large group of people line dancing in a dim room.
Three people stand and face video machines.
Several men wearing ethnic hats are watching the photographer in an outdoor market.
One woman laughing while the other one is staring at the laughing one.
A policeman wearing a yellow reflective jacket riding a motorcycle waving to the camera.
A man walks by a building with many signs outside.
Women and men protesting outside on a sunny day with signs.
Men dressed in yellow jackets riding motorcycles.
A man looks down at a collection of glass-blown lamps and other small glass products.
A protest is going on about saving our schools.
Several adults and children rioting for smaller class sizes.
A group of young people are standing in front of profane graffiti.
A riot squad forms a line next to an over turned car.
Protesters fight for the children's rights.
Two young women are hugging each other and leaning on a stone wall at the beach.
Guy in black and blue wetsuit surfing
An overweight man sits behind a red drum set, playing.
Girls playing basketball competitively
A girl with a ponytail in a black soccer uniform prepares to kick the ball.
The sheepdogs are running in the pasture.
A woman wearing a red tank top is standing on a green mat with her hands up.
A man in a black t-shirt and blues shoes plays a bass.
A shirtless man is playing a red set of drums.
A girl wears a fancy dress and a tiara.
A person swims in a shallow turquoise sea toward an empty tethered rowboat.
Protesters gathered together with their signs.
A person wearing a black wetsuit jumps high above a wave with a surfboard.
Many people sit and socialize in groups inside a restaurant.
A race car is spinning out in front of spectators.
Somebody digging in the dirt with a shovel.
A group of people march with picket signs referencing school budgets.
Two people in orange shirts hanging a billboard.
A man in a black shirt and jeans plays the guitar with his eyes closed.
Two men at a concert singing.
A guy in a black hoodie standing in front of a Factory sign talks into a microphone.
Two girls and two men playing at the beach.
A man dressed like Santa is riding in a carriage during a parade.
People go up the escalator.
A chef in a blue shirt smiles in front of a large dish of food while a coworker looks on.
An older man stands next to a woman who is laughing.
A man is making some hats out of leaves.
A Concert master receiving standing applause for a great performance.
Two young girls with their heads peeking out at the camera from a huge pile of leaves.
A child is wearing a red hat shaped like a hand.
A lady standing in the woods raking leaves in front of two parked cars.
A man in shorts climbs a rock face.
A skateboarder makes a high jump.
A young girl vacuuming while two boys watch her.
A group of people are congregated in a room by a big round mirror.
Two dogs race across the track.
Two black-robed young men stand on the steps in front of a building.
Two smiling men with their heads touching
3 men in uniforms are preparing food on a large surface.
A group of poor African children sitting in a classroom.
A group of black children in white shirts are sitting on some benches.
People sitting at a table filed with paperwork, having a discussion.
A woman in a green hard hat is standing at the bottom of a small staircase with her purse in one hand.
A snowboarder is grinding down a long concrete rail.
A group of more than 8 is speaking into microphones.
A snowboarder jumping off a tall brick building.
A man is on stage singing, while the band plays behind him.
There is an oriental man climbing up a mountain.
A man in a suit looks worried as he walks don the crowded street.
Choir sings at the front of a church.
Five people sitting around a table and playing various instruments.
There is a man standing outside a shack with some sort of a primitive looking grill that's smoking.
Two people are sitting at an outdoor cafe in front of an old building.
An old man in a black trench coat standing in a marketplace.
An elderly lady is laying on a grassy hill in front of the ocean
A group of protesters picket in the road.
An Asian man poses in a martial arts pose in front of a natural lake setting.
A lady getting ready to snap a photo.
A donkey carrying a load of grass down a road.
An Asian woman rows a boat loaded with supplies.
Rows of adults taking in a lecture in a classroom.
One guy surfing the waves in the ocean.
A large brown dog and a larger black dog playing together with a ball.
A man drinking a beverage and holding a plastic bag far away from the other people.
A wrestler is being lifted off the ground by another wrestler.
A giant bee costume hugs a boy.
The girl in plaid is helping the little girl feed an apple to a horse.
A girl in a bathing suit stands in front of a striped wall.
A man in a heavy coat is walking up a stone staircase with a heavy duffel bag with police in the background.
A woman wearing a white shirt jumps in the air and sticks out her tongue.
A man is kissing the forehead of a baby that is lying on a couch.
White dog with orange collar walks in the field.
A man with stubble on his face is holding a baby.
Young, hooded boy and girl huddle on steps outside large doors.
A worker with long curly hair examines the vegetables next to the broccoli.
A young girl pulling the tail of an alligator staue
A group of people loiter on a sidewalk near a lamp post.
Man riding on a bike taxi on a crowded street.
A woman in a straw hat standing in front of a table covered in miscellaneous items.
Two people are looking at something in New York City.
People are skating in a outdoor rink around a huge Christmas tree.
Woman laying in grass with a rugby ball on her head.
Two motocross riders sit on the shoulder of the racetrack.
A brightly colored bus is stopped in traffic.
Kids being walked across a lot by an adult to a larger building.
Two children playing in the snow.
A man in a cowboy hat struggles to remain atop a bucking beige horse.
Two men standing outside wearing jackets and caps.
A man in a blue hat is standing next to a car with a shovel in the snow.
A woman in black walks down the sidewalk.
The girl is climbing an artificial climbing wall.
Men dressed as Santa clause walking down the street.
A large group of people are walking up a steep mountain with clouds hanging in the background.
Four people with shaved heads and white robes praying.
A baby dressed as an elephant standing on a bed held up by a woman dressed in a Dorothy costume.
Man hunched on gray bench marked SAN DIEGO, neat blue trashcan.
A baby is sitting in a highchair in a restaurant laughing and squeezing Mickey Mouse' nose!
A woman and child are blowing on a candle in a cupcake.
A man on a city street in a Santa suit and wrestilng mask.
A baby is crying and someone is holding him.
The man is going to take a picture from the open window.
A lady wearing gloves, and a ponytail cooks something while people stand and watch.
There are people cooking under a tent and wearing big white chef hats.
The two little girls jump on the bed.
Three men are playing rugby one of them is carrying the ball they are covered in mud.
Little blond boy is falling onto a bed.
A dark brown dog runs behind a yellow dog in the grass.
A muddy dog runs next to water.
A flock of birds fly up from the ground next to a building with a mural.
An audience of children are smiling and pointing
Two men are fighting with pretend swords in a Medieval Show.
Boy and girl building metal structure.
A bunch of people at a train station.
A lady and a man wear rain ponchos.
A little boy is crying on a playground and a little is riding a toy bike.
People are sitting at a green table set with placemats and green glasses.
A brass band, with many members wearing Santa Claus hats, is conducted by a man wearing a leather jacket while playing under a temporary bandshell.
Little kids with their hands in the air
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench playing the guitar, with another man close-by.
A man and woman sit on the rocky overlook.
A couple sits on a floral couch while an older woman in the background smiles.
A brown dog steps into murky water.
An older Asian man wearing an embroidered ski cap poses for a picture.
A woman crouches on a sink while applying mascara.
A man and young girl stand together looking at something with a small child nearby.
The guys are playing a sport.
Two young woman dressed in white shirts sit in a small space.
Two little kids blowing bubbles on the stoop.
The bald woman is standing smiling next to a frowning man.
A man and a child at a store checkout counter.
The brown dog runs on the snow with a white ball in his mouth.
Several people are gathered around a table in a warehouse.
A man helps tie a red ribbon around another man's right arm during a street parade.
Many people gather in front of the Lincoln Memorial.
Two people's hands; one of them is doing the other's nails with an emery board.
A man in a hat plays a xylophone.
A group of young people lounging on the couch.
Young people out to dinner at a chinese restaurant
The brown dog stands in the water and shakes off.
A man and a woman with feathers on her head dance.
A person on an ATV in dunes with a purple sky.
Two women pushing each other during a rollerskating competition.
A man in glasses sits with his head in his hand while at a table set for an Asian dinner.
A yellow car spins its rear wheel while a man in the backseat watches.
People await the arrival of an elevated train in the cold winter.
Two Indian children having fun telling secrets to one another.
A woman with braided hair is laughing with a man in a red shirt.
A black and white staffordshire terrier has his paw on large branch
Two dogs are running through a field of grass.
The boys and the old man are splitting wood to stack.
A group of five men dressed in tan are in the middle of a very technical setting.
A man plays an instrument next to a drummer.
A lit food cart is parked on the street at dusk.
A chef is preparing a meal in a professional kitchen.
A male soccer player who is trying to kick the ball with his right leg, as the other player in the background tries to block his kick.
A bobsled team runs through a snowy trail.
An Asian peddler with a wide cone shaped hat with various fruits and vegetables for sale.
A street vendor is gathering bread and pretzels to sell.
Two young women pose and smile in a darkly lit area.
One woman is taking a picture and another woman is standing sideways with her arm out.
A man with a mohawk is sweeping a skate park.
A man is standing at a machine.
Lots of people in a restaurant eating and talking.
A woman looks over her merchandise in a marketplace.
A little child with a hat on lays on the grass amid a few scattered fallen leaves.
A little girl looking into a females face in the midst of a crowd.
A man falling off of a surfboard in the ocean
A woman looks at a plate filled with steam.
A man and a woman at a meal, with a dog between them.
The woman in brightly colored clothing is dancing.
A little dog is carrying a small twig in its mouth.
A little boy is playing with the Autumn leaves.
A lady and her daughter jump in a swimming pool.
Children playing in a pool.
Two dogs holding red balls in their mouth, running in the snow.
A woman in pink is holding a plate of food.
Young person holding a red and black fan in front of a martial arts class.
A man uses Wood Silk to clean a hardwood floor.
A group of men in formal attire talking in a group
A woman is sitting, reading a book on the subway.
A dog takes a nap in the middle of a busy alley.
A woman is eating fish at a restaurant.
A man and a woman pose for the camera with pursed lips.
The man is shooting video of another writing on a pole.
A woman wearing a burgundy sleeveless top and blue shorts climbing steps to bleacher
Two rickshaw operators waiting for a fare with traffic in the background.
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in mostly dark.
Four young men in a room, working on some tasks.
A waiter dressed in business attire holds up a pan filled with meat laden with sauce and garnished with lemon.
A biker makes a jump across from a city beach.
A man and a woman are smiling.
Two men look toward the camera, while the one in front points his index finger.
A man wearing no shirt stands on a stage with fire in the background.
A man wearing a vest and pants walks across stage at a concert.
This individual in a white lab suit is studying some sort of translucent scan.
Two people are walking two golden dogs in the snow.
Woman squatting over a bag filled with some sort of round green vegetable.
People and shrubs are silhouetted against an indigo sky.
An elderly man sleeping in a outdoor chair while another woman sits next to him.
Old woman with lots of ornate clothing and jewelry.
A man is riding his dirt bike through the air in the desert.
Kid in a striped shirt holding a guitar.
A little boy and a little girl are playing outside with bubbles.
Three men are standing in a forest.
A lady in black shirt with a red ribbon and purple skirt at a victory party
A man in jeans is riding an ATV over sand.
A woman in a red jacket holding a baby in a red jacket next to a bike.
Two young woman hug and pose together for a picture.
A little black dog wearing a red collar is in the leaves with a blue ball.
Newborn laying in bed slightly covered up with a blanket.
Three firemen holding onto ropes from above.
A man walking around in a field doing who knows what.
The two dogs in the snow have a red leash.
Two children play with a white dog.
A little black dog chases another little black dog through thick snow.
A group of people are backpacking through a grassy field.
A black dog and a brown dog touching noses in a grassy field.
A man dressed in black rides a green bike.
A snowboarder in bright green performing a jump at a competition.
A little dog running on sand.
An Asian woman is standing behind glass shelves with bread on them, outside.
Deer and turkeys stand on snow covered ground.
A little blond-haired girl enjoys eating a peach.
A child in a red short enjoying some arts and crafts.
Lots of people standing on a platform in front of a train.
A boy wearing blue mittens gets ready to throw snow.
A little boy wearing shorts and a jacket is pulling a red wagon with a pumpkin in it.
Three people stand in front of a store window and smile.
Man does a skateboard trick on green barrel.
A person speed skating
A crowd awaits for a train as it enters the station
A soccer team is holding up one player in victory.
A woman in a green shirt and khaki pants is attempting to hit the golf ball into the hole.
Child on couch, holding red cloth with white fur.
A man with a Santa Claus outfit stopped by two police officers.
A toddler is intrigued by a toy lego set in a bookstore.
A dark-haired boy smiles while laying next to two other kids.
Young boy with blond-hair swipes at bubbles in the air.
An older white woman makes cupcakes in her kitchen.
A boy is winding up to send down a bowling ball.
The child is shoveling deep white snow near the house.
A surfer catches a large wave.
Two basketball players reaching for a ball.
A man with a red hat is playing the drums.
A man with a basketball blocks an attempt to take his ball.
A Miami basketball player with basketball in right hand on court.
A man in just his underwear jumping on a man surrounded by a crowd of people.
A man is holding a fishing rod and fishing at sunset.
A man in a green hat, green shirt, brown pants and colorful apron is flipping a huge pancake.
A man in a wetsuit surfing.
Two guys are out on a cold walk during Christmas season, perhaps for caroling.
A young woman and two men drink beer in a bar.
While one ball player watches helplessly, another jumps and shoots the ball toward the basket.
A basketball player is about to make a lay-up.
A young child in baggy blue pants is running away from the fire in the background.
Players on a soccer field performing for the crowd.
Little kids stand together and receive an award for something.
Two white dogs with brown markings playing.
A child in red and black winter clothes hiding behind a snow fort.
A young girl with brown hair is playing checkers.
A woman cleans her foot in the kitchen next to a man in a white shirt.
A lifeguard sitting on the railing and watching the water.
Man in a purple shirt holding a video camera on a woman sitting in the street.
A man asleep on a plane in a dark photo.
A little boy in a purple jacket is buckled into his car seat.
Two boys on a boat riding though the water.
A dog running with a stick in the snow.
A tan dog chewing on a dog treat.
Four children hold hands and jump into a pool.
Four children keeping warm under a blanket.
A man dressed in a Santa suit is climbing up a large concrete building.
A black man with black hair laughing.
A man in a tan coat holding an infant and a young girl sitting on a brown couch.
A street filled with cars and people in a city.
A woman carrying plastic bags walks down a scenic path.
A person is standing by some stairs in colorful clothes and goggles.
Two black dogs running in snow with toys in their mouths.
A bird dives for some food.
The two children and the baby with the pink shirt are surrounded by toys.
Diners at a restaurant are served by a waiter.
A bare chested man with swimming goggles on his head with a group of swimmers behind him.
Swimmers gather for practice at a pool with swimming lanes.
A man in a blue shirt taking a break and sitting down.
Two white dogs running with each other.
A man and two women having a conversation on a lawn.
People in winter hats are standing in a subway together.
A girl in a bright pink outfit prepares for a race.
Waterskier holding line, mid-jump and almost turned upside down.
A man is sitting on a couch holding a baby while surrounded by children.
Two cold people stand near a pole.
A man selling produce on the street.
A man in a red jacket is standing at the top of the stadium steps.
A young boy is posing with incredible hulk gloves on.
A man clapping his hands with a bunch of children standing around him.
A girl in a red top is holding slips of paper.
The child is looking at Santa Claus.
A surfer is doing a turn on his board.
A woman in a dress doing a craft.
A man and woman in masks and costume make a toast in front of a christmas tree.
A girl jumping into a pool, with a man standing near.
A girl in a black and white headband and pink necktie holding a glass with friends on either side of her.
A guy and a female with drinks in hand.
A man and woman in black coats are outside while it is snowing.
A couple wearing winter coats posing together.
A man is playing the guitar for a child in a hospital bed
A woman covering herself with a towel is drinking a jar of water.
Three Asian ladies are walking down a sidewalk holding purses and shopping bags.
A woman is holding a small child by the hand and carrying shopping bags.
Two asian women sitting at a table eating asian food.
Two woman wearing jackets are looking at a board.
A person in a sweater sits looking at a book with a child on their lap.
Two young women having a conversation
A large group of football players in blue jerseys running through the field.
Two men walking in front of a grafitti image of a car.
A child is holding onto her mother on a sled in the snow.
An old man and a young woman embrace on a couch.
A person on stage with a light show in pink and blue.
A basket vendor walking down a busy city street.
A train approaches in a dimly lit subway.
A boy in sports themed pajamas is in front of a Christmas tree.
A woman in a park stands with her arm up in the air.
Children are dressed in black and white costumes.
Several people read by a campfire at night.
A woman in a gray shirt pouring a clear drink into a glass.
A performer wearing stilts, which are covered by her white pants, is walking in a parade.
A young woman whisking eggs in a glass measuring cup.
Two young girls pose smiling for a picture with a Christmas tree behind them.
Three women are posing for a photo in front of a christmas tree
Two men and two women hold gold plates behind their heads.
A Hispanic woman and man in ceremonial dress dance down the street.
A girl in a white sweater and blue jeans typing a paper on a laptop.
A man is sliding along a green barrier on his snowboard.
A woman with a vacant expression throws a football as a man in a gray shirt looks at his phone.
A skier about to go down the mountain.
A black and white dog is jumping through a field of brown grass.
A woman is showing her art to people.
Several people are crowded together in a room with three large fans over them.
Person doing a skateboard trick in midair.
Two young boys standing in a kitchen with hardwood floors.
Two young boys wearing jackets frolic in a large field.
An asian man with an asian kid with a balloon around his head.
A man wearing red socks playing running with some other men
Five girls wearing school uniforms walk around on a flat rock near a lake as a man in the background sits on the shore.
A man tucks in a sheet on the bed.
A woman in a back and white dress walking away.
Little girl in an orange shirt holding a paper bag.
A woman in jeans is preparing to throw a bowling ball down the bowling alley.
A group of people going for a hike.
Two babies sitting on a playmat reaching for something
An old man and a baby in red.
A crowd of people containing some people who are smiling and some who are taking photographs.
A person laying on the ground below some stairs.
A man in an elf hat holding a white umbrella is standing on the sidewalk with two other men.
Kids play in the snow while parents watch
Two women sitting next to each other one is holding a baby and the other is showing her bracelet.
A baby touching a woman's face.
A baby with a pink outfit on has a pacifier, and she is on a chair with another woman.
A woman and a baby waiting with luggage
Two young girls dressed in winter clothes play in a mound of snow.
A woman sitting in a restaurant talking on her cellphone.
An Oriental man, wearing a white shirt and apron is cooking.
A man is catching a girl who jumped into his arms
The lady is wearing a black coat, gloves, and boots.
Three women pose for a picture together.
The red-haired woman in the black dress has her arms around a man in white.
Brown and white dog trotting with brown object falling nearby.
A black and white dog with a stick in its mouth is swimming.
A girl holds up a yellow balloon animal.
A group of people jump in the air at the shore of a sandy beach.
A male and a female dancing on a stage.
A black and white dog is running through the water while holding something red in its mouth.
A woman in a coat reclines next to a pay phone.
Two girls are walking by a tree in front of a brick building.
A man in a white jersey is slam dunking a basketball.
A woman in blue rows a canoe type boat loaded with plants.
A crowd of people sit outside in a public square.
A man in black rides a bicycle across the street while another walks holding a dog.
A woman picking up a child from the floor
A basketball player is looking up and set to throw the ball.
A man in a hat and purple apron leaning on a metal pizza rack.
A man is wearing a black knit "Paris" hat and a navy blue shirt on the side of the street.
A man in a black shirt stands next to a tent.
A child in red shorts playing in a fountain.
A boy eating beside a wooden house surrounded by trees.
Two boys are sitting in a green kayak on the grass.
A man sets off a large sparkler while the crown watches on.
A tan dog running through the grass with the background blurry
A middle eastern family walks down the street.
A basketball player holds the ball during a game.
A woman climbing a rocky cliff.
Two men walking at an amusement park one is pushing a stroller the other is carrying a stuffed animal.
The four guys are being shown an iron board.
A woman with a red shirt is reading sheet music and playing the harp.
An elderly man looks down and smiles.
A toddler is playing with a little red sprinkler.
A man in traditional attire plays the bagpipes.
Two people in the middle of a dirt bike race.
A dog stands on a beach at sunset.
The two dogs are running toward the camera.
A snowboarder flies off a huge jump.
A man and woman are gazing at each other on a balcony inside a building.
A man in sailor whites talks to a person seated on the ground.
A man in a blue canoe navigates in a wetland with tall palm fronds.
A man stands in the street outside of scaffolding.
A happy child is getting a helping hand out of the box of nerf balls.
A woman in yellow scrubs is sitting in a hospital, holding a child that is sick.
A dog with a sleeve in its mouth of a coat a man is wearing.
A white dog running on the beach.
Two dogs standing in the grass, one is running.
A boy tries to take a stick from a small, brown dog.
Two small children are talking in a field in front of a yellow caution tape.
Young man in a gray sweatshirt playing a guitar video game.
A group of five female children reason outdoors.
A kid wearing a life jacket in a swimming pool.
A woman in black jumps in the air at the beach.
Employees working the registers at a grocery store.
A young girl runs barefoot on a beach
Three men in white coats is watching a fourth man pipe frosting into cookies.
A woman sitting on a bus with a paper bag hanging on a carrier
A city worker cleaning the cracks in a walkway.
A woman, man, and a little baby is riding a scooter.
Two old men are having a conversation.
A little boy is sitting in front of a fireplace next to a Ginger bread house.
The older woman smiles as she holds up a hammer.
A man, wearing a black exercise suit, is jumping in the air doing the splits. Located on the top of a mountainside, a city is shown in the background.
Two black dogs playing fetch with a red toy
A snowboarder is leaping of a jump in the mountains.
The brown dog is gnawing at something in the snow.
A woman with reddish hair talking to an old man by the waterside and beside a bench.
A man is skiing in midair.
A basketball player preparing to shoot the ball
Miami basketball player number 33 dribbles the ball.
The number five Miami player dribbles down the court.
The brown and white dog is standing up on its hind legs.
A dog is shaking itself dry on the beach next to the ocean.
Snowboarder in air while wearing yellow spike cap.
A snowboard rider jumping high on his snowboard in the snow.
A dog reaches to catch a ball with its mouth.
Three men are playing a game of basketball
Two women joking around are caught on camera.
A toddler lays half on a mattress and half on the floor.
Two children in red lay on the floor.
A woman holding a young boy in a day care center.
A black and white dog is catching a Frisbee in the yard.
Three people walk on the rocks near the water.
A man in a sweatshirt holds a hammer and smiles.
A lone skier wearing a red backpack stumbling down a snowy mountain
A man spending time with his toddler son, who is holding a white cup.
A group of women share a meal in someone's home.
A group pf people and their pets walk down a train track
A man is riding a trails bicycle on a dirt track through rough terrain.
Two men sell paraphernalia like condoms with Obama images on them.
A man and a woman are standing in the ocean kissing.
A referee stops a hockey fight.
The man is wearing a blue sweater and is barefoot on a court.
A man with a helmet is using an ATM.
Two men are standing by a railing, while posing for a picture.
Three women and a man are drinking beer at a table.
Two people run in the sand at the beach.
Men using the slot machines in casino atmosphere.
A family sits, works, and talks in the kitchen.
Three dogs playing with a Frisbee in the snow.
Men in Darth Wader and robot costumes are walking on the road.
An older man dressed in a suit is standing behind a gold-fringed podium in front of a microphone.
A small child runs along the grass smiling.
A red vehicle outside of a construction zone.
A baby is held by an adult and is sitting on a table at a coffee shop.
Two dogs are running through the grass.
A group of African children are dressed in colorful clothes.
A white and brown dog is running over grass.
A female skier in a green with pink flowers hat skiing.
A photographer in a yellow jacket takes photos of a bikini clad blond woman.
A little girl with a backpack sitting down looking at a book.
A silhouette of a figure parachuting at sunset.
Man in red jacket is opening the door while holding his car keys.
A dog laying on the edge of a white chair
A shirtless man is on a blue raft, which is located next to a yellow raft, which is filled with cargo.
A group wearing white pose for a picture.
A man in a wetsuit is surfing up and over a wave.
A group of children playing in a stream
Two young girls play in a kitchen at nighttime.
Two guys jumping in the air in a room.
A girl wearing a green jumpsuit and goggles with a beautiful sunset in the background
Two women are on the floor laughing.
An elephant draped in red, blue and gold fabric walking on a stone path.
A violin player uses an old chair as a music stand
Man in yellow tank top with friend in white shirt check the grill.
A group of soldiers is standing together wearing all their gear.
An Asian couple have rose petals tossed at them by a woman.
A group of people walking through a wooded park.
A woman with short brown hair and glasses laughs with a brunette man in a brown shirt.
Man with cup looking up while riding on an escalator
Boy in a green jacket and a girl in red playing video games.
A snowboarder takes a ramp made of snow while others watch.
Five men wearing turbans are riding on elephants a far eastern city street.
A woman stands on a wall to pet an elephant.
A group of women in red shirts singing together.
A boy swings his tennis racket at a tennis ball.
A group of five individuals, many of them children, standing on a hill observing a small animal.
Two dogs are playing catch in a field.
Several people take pictures with tripods in the snow.
Five children sledding down a snow-covered street.
The young boy sleds down the hill in the snow.
There are kids playing while adults are sitting on a bench.
Two men are cooking food together on the corner of the street.
Four construction workers are working on metal beams.
There are four snow skiers going down the side of a hill.
A brown dog runs down a snow-covered path.
A white dog and a black and white dog are running through the grass.
A roller-blader grinds a rail at an indoor skate park.
Two men look like they are playing with boxes in a mall.
Children playing on a playground sliding down a slide.
A group of four adults are standing together around a pile of goods.
A mountain biker is riding on a woodland path.
A lonely skier enjoys the slopes on a beautiful day.
A white dog walking in the snow.
Two men dressed in orange robes cross a busy city intersection filled with cars, trucks, and motor vehicles.
An Arabic man walking his three camel's through the desert.
A man in a brown sweater and a woman smile for their video camera.
Three bikers pedal up a forest trail.
A boy walking around the base of his house which in made of stones in his bare feet.
Two men in blue jackets are sitting on a concrete stoop.
A woman in a black wetsuit surfs in bad weather.
A young child is holding a red toy hammer.
A young boy is playing with toy tools and wearing a name tag.
The baby boy is playing the snow.
A little boy wearing khaki pants showing a man his candy cane filled with candy.
A golden retriever runs through grass carrying a dog toy.
A man wearing a jungle hat is trekking with his guide in the wilderness.
A toddler works a colorful puzzle.
A boy in green Christmas pajamas is opening his present.
Several people are playing twister at some type of event.
Two children sitting on a deer statue for a photo.
A boy leaping to catch a flying Frisbee.
A blond headed little boy in a tub pouring water on himself with a yellow cup.
A little boy in a orange with gray shirt and khaki pants playing in the leaves.
A couple and their child pose for a picture in front of a Christmas tree.
A little boy punching out flashcards from the cardboard they came in.
A young child in a striped shirt unwrapping a gift.
A young boy in green pajamas playing with a toy at Christmas.
Small boy in green Christmas pajamas holding a box.
A young child playing with his toy trains.
The man and woman are posing with fake glasses and moustaches.
The dog stands on something while the snowfalls around him.
A skateboarder is flying through the air on a red skateboard.
A group of dancers wearing black spandex are dancing in a studio.
Three women are sitting on a bench and talking.
A woman and a man pose with Groucho Marx disguises.
Two women are riding bicycles down a dirt road.
Three people are in the snow.
A man and a woman are sitting together in the dark, looking ahead at a city view in the distance.
A man in sandals sits down while reading the newspaper outside.
A snowboarder in a green jacket catches some air.
The two men are playing cricket in a stadium.
There are 2 shirtless boys jumping up from some water looking at a soccer ball.
A person skis down a forested hill.
Brown dog with white mark in chest and black collar going over a limb on ground.
A young child and a dog are playing in the snow.
A person in a white helmet strapped into a yellow car
An older couple discusses a vegetable.
Man in red t-shirt posing with two young women and three beer bottles.
Girls in black dresses dancing at the disco.
Four women are standing on their hands on a gym floor, wearing the same outfits.
A man is jumping into the surf.
A small boy is sitting on a step while a grill smokes in the background.
The little boy in the blue shirt is surrounded by cheerleaders.
A man in a red shirt stands with two woman wearing white and smiles.
Four people posing for a picture
Girls, who are all dressed in dresses, dance in a dark room.
Many people are eating in a crowded restaurant.
Someone is skiing down a step snowy hill.
A man playing a game on his computer.
A man with a white hat and brown shirt, behind a woman in red, looks to the left.
Inside a bar there are people with red shirts.
Two tan dogs play in the snow.
A lone person standing on a cliff watching the gulls.
Two white dogs play together on a slightly snowy patch of green grass.
A black and white dog runs with its mouth open.
A woman in the bathroom in her pajamas
A boy playing in a mud puddle.
Several different colored dogs running in a snowy field
The SMU basketball player drives to the basket.
A snowboarder rides his board off a graffiti covered wall at night.
Two people stand looking at a light sculpture at night.
A woman holds a new baby wearing yellow in an old photograph.
The woman places a ball into the jumping dog's mouth.
There is a picture of a green, white, black, and red flag.
A oriental person rowing a boat, full of vegetables, down a river.
A young girl skiing down a mountain.
People at an indoor carnival featuring a game with large stuffed animals as prizes.
A man in blue at an arcade is playing a fishing game.
Two young women surfing the internet in a cafe
A person dancing is doing a dance move where there whole body is off the ground except for one hand
A gray egret takes flight.
A woman sitting at a table outside of a store that says parking in the window.
A sledder gets a face full of snow on a slope.
Two men are sitting in a restaurant while one of them holds a piece of paper up to the camera.
Three Asian people are playing musical instruments.
A group of four boys plays with mud in the water and grass.
Many people playing colorful carnival games.
People standing at carnival game of balloons and stuffed animals on wall.
Two people are standing outside a store on a city street.
Two people who are making there way between rocks.
Teenagers play in shopping carts of a rooftop.
A breakdancer displays an impressive handstand in a heavily graffiti tagged room.
A man in a blue shirt addresses a crowd.
The man is on a ski boat in the water.
A man is catching air while snowboarding.
Two horse riders and three walkers are going down a dusty path.
Several people rock hiking with backpacks and walking sticks.
A young boy in a blue soccer uniform chasing a ball.
A collie jumping over a white obstacle.
Someone is snowboarding down a hill, shredding snow.
A kid is sitting on a fallen tree.
A lady in brown sweater holding a couple of dirty bowls in her left hand.
A boy wearing a green, blue and gray jacket while loading a rifle.
A man in a blue shirt is tossing a football.
A child is holding up a broom in front of a christmas tree.
Boy in red pajamas with penguins and snowflakes on them playing a Pokemon card game.
A man in a costume entertains four kids.
A blond-haired kid in a red shirt riding a ride.
Two women look at the camera smiling sitting in chairs.
A blond headed toddler walking with a red piece of paper in hand.
A kid with a green bucket over his or her head.
A brown-haired woman is holding a baby boy wearing a shirt with Reindeer on it and a chef's hat.
Child in red during christmas looking at Toy Story toys.
An older lady is sitting next to a bookshelf while trying to entertain a young child.
Two little boys running from a lake with ducks
An african america women in a leaping stance with her arms spread open and pyramid like structures behind here
Child playing soccer on a field.
A young male child in a yellow shirt being fed a banana.
Two young boys cooking in a kitchen.
A happy child with an Elmo shirt in the back of a car.
Santa and Mrs. Klaus are posing with one little child.
A small child visiting with someone dressed as a Disney character.
A toddler wearing an Elmo t-shirt is standing in Santa's sleigh.
A small boy is sitting in a car at a ride.
A toddler is putting an ornament on a Christmas tree.
A boy blows out a candle on a cake with a penguin labeled "Happy Birthday, Quinn."
A toddler in a red jumpsuit stands atop a present.
A child wearing a shirt decorated with Elmo's face holds a red ukulele.
Person in the midst of a ramp jump.
An infant with dark hair getting bathed in a small sink filled with soapy water.
A street musician is playing drums in a tunnel.
Group of people sitting on the beach with a bucket of clams.
A man opening the back driver side door of his parked vehicle along a sandy road.
The man passing the door is wearing a white shirt and black running pants with white stripes down the side.
A girl in colorful clothes on the beach
A snowboarder is silhouetted against the sun as they leave the ground.
People enjoying a meal together during the holidays.
A young child walks along a lake with a large white tent nearby.
Two toddlers are sitting in a colorful playpen.
A boy doing a bike trick is in midair waiting to come back down.
A wrestler throws another wrestler to the ground.
A man takes a nap on the sidewalk in a busy city.
A little boy in a red jacket exploring a rocky terrain.
A person on a yellow snowboard does some tricks in the snow.
Two young children are playing with toys.
Two young girls with headscarves stand near a door while one reads a book.
A bearded man is riding a bicycle on the beach.
Crouched on a rock, a man watches the calm waters of the ocean.
Little girl eating a sucks between two cars.
People in a room with blue paint and a door above their heads.
Boy making a muscle holding paper that says Easter egg hunt.
A child playing with bubbles and walking.
Two men sailing in a motorized raft-type boat.
A man holds up an orange starfish while standing chest deep in the ocean.
A man leads a group of children in a line outside of a home.
A man with sunglasses and a beanie hat is holding a small child.
A woman wearing a hat pointing into the distance.
A basketball player in the air about to make a shot.
A giant billboard of a man's abs
A man sits in the foreground, and a woman with a drink is in the background.
A bicycle rider jumps off a ramp.
A motorcyclist speeding along a road on a green Kawasaki sport motorcycle.
An Asian boy cheers as he plays bumper bowling.
Two male wrestlers in the midst of a match.
A man and a small boy sit and rest against a stone wall.
Two women with head garb looking at each other in a public area.
The man is standing on the corner playing music.
Four kids next to a blue house are walking down a street.
A group of children are sitting on a wall.
A couple of african children are wearing balloon hats, and are gazing at something.
Someone is surfing a giant wave.
A man is carrying a plate of food at a street vendor.
A brown dog is bringing back a buoy from the ocean.
Two women dressed with scarves over their heads look angrily at the photographer.
A little boy in yellow clothing running towards a blue house.
Three people are near a tree and the woman touches one of the men's faces.
A woman runs outside in a blue coat.
A photographer is sitting on his camera case at the beach.
An asian man is peering through a shop window.
A girls soccer game with one team in pink, the other in light blue.
A girl bending backwards holding her hat.
A little boy runs away from the approaching waves of the ocean.
A bike rider jumping the hill on his bicycle.
A young child is sledding down a snowy hill on a red sled.
A dog with a ball in its mouth sitting outside.
Three men with matching shirts, pants and hats and a man in robe are in a room.
A musician holding a guitar videotapes some action.
A balding man in a black Enrolling Stones T-shirt reads a book.
A man in a black shirt is sitting in a chair.
A White man is playing a guitar in a recording studio.
Music is being put together in a studio.
A man is standing in front of a motor-scooter holding up a picture.
A person performing a snowboarding trick on a high mountain.
A group of woman hold each other up to catch a ball.
People are outside at night.
The little boy stands in the middle of birds who have gathered on the sidewalk.
People standing inside a building watching intently.
A man wearing a Enrolling Stones t-shirt plays on his Yamaha keyboard.
A bearded man holding a sign.
Two men sitting in office chairs looking at an image on a large screen in front of them.
A man wearing green in a recording studio.
A large group of church choir singers on a balcony.
Four people laughing and sitting on a couch.
A male child in a winter coat on a round blue sled in the snow.
A shaggy dog dusted with snow licks its nose.
A person throws an object as a furry dog jumps to chase it.
Teen grinding a bench on a skateboard
A man in black swim trunks diving into the water
Man in uniform sharing something with a group of children.
A soldier and religious clerics examining and laying out prayer rugs.
Two large seagulls are in the water.
A kid is coming out of a tube slide and is about to hit the sand.
A man and a woman posing in front of a christmas tree.
A group of people surround a bunch of inflatable pink stars.
A boxer leaps in the snow.
Eight middle-aged couples dance and six other people mingle on the dance floor as a three man band consisting of a guitar, banjo, and accordion play on a stage.
This man is dressed in all white.
Man with a beard in a gray shirt looking in mirror and shaving his head.
A man is talking on his cellphone in a city.
Two men are performing martial arts, they are dressed in white and one man has his leg between the legs of the other man.
A man is squatting on the ground.
A man and a girl walking on the beach, orange sunset behind.
Two old men stand near a table in a McDonalds.
A tan dog with a black collar barking in the snow.
Two birds interacting in the grass
A large white dog is bounding through a snowy field.
Two men and a woman interact at a table.
One man and two women having a lively conversation at a party.
A woman seated at a table in front of cake.
A man and woman place birthday candles on a cake.
A bird splashing around in a stream.
Four girls are jumping up and down on the sand near the ocean.
Man in brown shirt on sunny street, a crowd in background
A woman wearing a scarf is talking to a man wearing glasses.
Here are a bunch of people enjoying dinner and chatting.
Three smiling people and two others not facing the camera standing outside of a shack at night.
A group of people be getting their party on.
Three little boys play in a large snow covered field
Two men dressed as Santa Clause performing in a park.
A man holds a pro Judea protest sign at a protest rally
Campers sitting by the edge of the water.
Children play in grass at a crowded outdoor festival.
A man is looking over a small cliff.
A blond-haired lady is sitting at a desk with a yellow map hanging on the wall.
A young man jumping on a red railing
A young child is trying to balance on a bench in the park.
A woman walks outdoors near a canal.
A group of five men are standing in the middle of a room that is crumbling and abandoned.
A female patent at a hospital sticking out her tongue.
A boy wearing a blue helmet rides a bike with his feet on the handlebars.
A large, black dog is practicing attacking a culprit on a uniformed man.
A dog is about to catch a treat in his mouth.
People are talking and visiting on a bus.
A dance couple dancing on a dance floor with strobe lights flashing.
A lady tango dancer in red, finishing her routine.
A little boy in red stands on top of a rock with a smile and outstretched arms.
Cheerleaders dressed in red and black hold two cheerleaders above their heads.
A man in a red top and hat playing what seems to be a musical instrument.
A boy throwing the stick with fire.
Three men are working construction at night on a street.
Black-haired mature woman sits next to a table of produce.
Three men dressed in centurion costumes are sitting in front of the building.
A young child with green goggles leans on a step.
A blond boy wipes his nose on his light blue shirt.
People clap while two women play a game.
A man in a blue shirt taking a nap.
Three dogs running in the snow.
The black and tan dog is laying down with the smaller dog jumps over his back.
A group of men running in a field.
There are two people walking in the sand.
A man wearing an Indian vest playing the drums.
A group of smiling teenagers sits at a table while playing a board game.
A brown dog is jumping in the air.
Three dogs are running around in the snow.
A wrestling match just ended and the loser is upset.
A boy sitting on a dinosaur chair holding a blue object.
A man with a red helmet in the mountains
A brown dog is carrying a stick in his mouth across an ice covered pond.
A man is doing a trick with a sword and allowing the sword into his throat.
A cyclist is performing a jump over a white railing.
A little girl is sitting on a bench with her arms folded.
Two young ladies are sitting on a small be in skimpy dresses.
Two men are walking down a wet alleyway.
In pool surrounded by plants, one smiling girl with a bucket splashes another girl.
A family posing by the mantle and christmas tree.
A college student is discussing while wearing a pair of goggles, as if he is a scientist.
A woman playing an acoustic guitar with a microphone
A young child with blond-hair, wearing a blue shirt and jeans is walking in the woods.
Two people heading down the water flow, kayaking.
A man standing by a boat at a dock surrounded by rocky terrain and water and two other boats.
Two dogs in striped sweaters fight in the snow.
A muscular man in a Speedo and a curvy blond in a bikini walk together at the beach.
A person is walking in the water with a net.
Water is spraying on the child with its face through a cut out hole.
A girl in a purple shirt holds a pillow.
A man with a chainsaw is carving wood into a statue of a man.
A woman jumps a hurdle on a track.
A person stands next to a rock monument with his hand near his head.
A man is sitting on top of a mountain.
A snowboarder slides along a ramp over a snowy gap.
A man is using a large pole to remove letters from a sign.
A golden dog passes a blue ball to another golden dog on the beach.
A parent helping their child walk in the snow.
A woman is smiling at the bearded man sitting in the lawn chair next to her.
A blond woman and bald man sitting together.
Woman laughing as she is being licked by a brown dog.
A person scuba diving in a kelp forest.
A family walks up stone steps in a park with greenery all around.
A crowd of people standing in trees.
A man is holding a microphone while her performs with his band.
A guy with a lady bug costume on.
A woman does a handstand on a glossy floor while two others stand nearby.
A woman wearing a head covering holding an infant
Two men, who are twins, are wearing matching black shirt and are about to fight.
A woman walks with her big purse.
A young man shows his excitement at an outdoor event at night.
Two adults and a small child pose outside a dwelling.
An elderly man sits on a rooftop holding a hammer.
A man in a green shirt is fixing a bicycle chain
A white kid with blue shorts about to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
A man dressed as Santa sitting on a chair playing a banjo.
This young man is wearing a black cap and gown, and he is holding onto his cap.
A woman is rolling fresh tortillas.
A man wearing a helmet is doing a stunt with his BMX bike.
Two women are shopping for glassware outside a store.
A dog is walking in a tire track in the snow.
A woman walks down a busy street carrying papers.
A woman with a Nike hat hard at work.
A man in jeans and a t-shirt loading something into a trailer.
African people walk by a teal colored building in the desert.
A man is riding a bike along a dirt trail.
An African woman walks away from grass looking huts in a village carrying a back in her left hand.
People from an African tribe are gathered outside.
Their backs to the camera and under artificial lighting, three men stand at a food counter.
A woman in a white and orange dress dances with a man.
A man stands on a street corner with a small child looking at a sign.
A military group stands at attention.
African people in tribal wear in a desert.
An African walks through a field.
A tribal couple are standing posing for a picture and the man is holding a rifle on his shoulder.
A busy urban street full of people.
A closeup picture of a man and a woman.
A person is carrying a snowboard across deep snow.
A man wearing suspenders performs a split in midair.
Two brown dogs play in the snow.
The man in the black jacket is walking past the dilapidated doorways.
Several people play and relax on the beach.
A driver gets high in the air with his motorbike.
2 woman next to a table selling various stuff
A black dog and small white and black dog look up at a kitchen countertop.
Four people and a dog play in the snow.
A newlywed wife is under an umbrella held by a pastor.
Men wearing aprons work in the kitchen.
A vendor cooking food there are two red gas cans with food lined up ready to sell.
A man surfs on a huge green wave.
A lady with kind eyes and long brown hair is holding an ax by a tree.
A lady fastens someone's ice skates in the snow.
Four girls in blue perform on a basketball court in front of a crowd.
Cheerleaders, wearing blue shirts and black shorts, dancing in a gym.
Two men are wrestling while other people are watching
Man in a blue coat holding a sign.
A dog laying down on a green cushion.
A young boy is holding a paper, which says "Radeo", above his homemade radio.
A woman with long brown hair is standing outside in the snow holding a harp.
The woman with blond-hair is posing with a large ax.
A woman is holding two fans, one black, one red, and is wearing making with a red dress.
Two men in a group of people looking down at something.
A girl sits on an ad and checks her phone; another girl waits.
Five women wearing scarves on their heads are talking.
A group of people are in a large raft on choppy water.
A large crowd of people ice skating outdoors.
A woman plays with long red ribbons in an empty square.
Old man taking a stroll along the beautiful rolling green hills.
A dog is running across a desert with bushes around him.
The black dog playfully bites the yellow dog near the furniture.
Several people are standing and chatting in a room with many empty chairs.
Many people run down a street in a marathon race, as onlookers watch.
A little girl sitting in a chair holding a cellphone to her ear.
A person wearing an orange coat is walking during dark hour.
A man power washes steps by a large swimming pool.
A photo of a Volvo dealership at night with two people surrounded by orange cones.
A boy wearing a red shirt is splashed by water.
An older man walking on a grass sports field.
A person wearing jeans and a coat jogs on a sidewalk.
These people are having a good time.
A man smiles as he sits in a bubble bath wiggling his toes in front of the camera.
A large man, in a jacket and hat, is holding something up to his ear.
Musicians play near a concrete wall.
Men in suits and ties walking downsteps
Several people dressed in red are sitting and standing on grass.
A passionate, beautiful, young couple ready to dance.
Four people and a dog are on the edge of the shore.
A man looking through a telescope at something far below him.
An asian woman holding an asian baby that is reaching toward the camera.
A couple taking a wedding photo with their wedding party.
A young woman in a plaid jacket and face mask drives a passenger on a scooter.
A skateboarder performs a stunt.
A slalom skier wearing red pants and black shirt is skiing past a red flag.
A skier going goes down the mountain.
Two men at the beach twirl sticks with fire at the ends.
A person drawing Chinese characters with his feet.
Three young girls, who look like sisters, are all holding pink and blue baseball gloves and a baseball.
A little girl sitting in the snow
Two guys pose with two women, everyone is wearing black and white.
White, long-necked bird with yellow legs flies over water.
Young man flipping off of something into a body of water.
Three school-aged children in uniforms jumping rope
A man in a camouflage jacket pulling a little girl in a light purple jacket with pink beanie on a sled through the snow with an ATV.
There is a woman carrying a ball and is smiling.
The gymnast does a flip over the bar.
A bride getting ready with her bridesmaids wearing red.
The man is riding a large wave on a surfboard.
The bride's side of a wedding party.
Two skiers getting ready to jump off of a ski lift.
A man surfs over a huge wave in the ocean.
Woman in red kneels to help sitting bride put on her shoe.
The young adults are standing outside their school.
Two firemen, dressed in uniforms, are walking out of the firetruck onto the sidewalk.
A person stands in a vast field of melting snow.
A crowd of people stands in front of a large building with bleachers in front of it.
A German shepherd is running through the snow.
Boy jumping in the air with a skateboard.
A group of synchronized swimmers.
A man romantically kissing a woman on a park path.
A man in a Texas Longhorns hat, uses a nail gun on a roof.
A single man in a blue t-shirt, jeans, and a baseball cap works on a roof of a house laying shingles.
A baby in a white and light purple outfit crying.
A woman in a blue jacket is getting a cigarette outside.
A rodeo guy in a red shirt rides a bucking bronco.
A roofer in a gray sweatshirt and orange hat walks on a unfinished roof at a lake-side home.
A logger cutting down a large tree trunk in barren woods.
A crowd shouting outside a building waving American flags.
Three men singing with two microphones.
A man in a black winter jacket and red shirt stands over a snowy slope with the mountains as his background.
Group of adults sitting in a circle at a meeting.
A woman in a puffy red jacket poses for a picture at an ice skating rink.
A group of men, women and children.
The surfer is coming in from riding a big wave.
A lone snowboarder jumping in the air doing a trick.
A group of four people is walking down a snowy street.
A man hands a child to another man as they exit a boat
A small white and black dog jumping over a big brown couch.
A child in a white shirt and hat is climbing.
The black dog jumps out of the snow to catch an object.
A single person rowing a small boat on a lake.
A man is dumping a black garbage can full of junk into a machine.
Some people in building as seen from the street at night.
A group of people walking on the side of a railroad track.
A man jumps his dirt bike at night.
An indigenous man standing on the beach laughing at the photographer taking the picture.
A boy sits inside a shopping cart.
A group of climbers in silhouette stare towards the sun over the mountaintops.
Large group of people standing outside of a building.
A small dog wearing a green sweater and a backpack walks through snow.
A man is admiring art in a museum.
A woman in wearing a white hat holding a scythe and a cutting of wheat.
A gentleman pouring a glass of wine for a lady.
Two men are sitting on black leather chairs, and one of them is holding up a caffeine free Coca-Cola.
A man breakdances on his head in the middle of the dance floor.
A boy in brown is running on a dirt road.
Surfer is in the middle of a huge wave.
An elderly man wearing a white top-hat dances with his wife at a gathering.
A brown and black dog fetching a blue toy.
A group of Asian children are part of an audience sitting on blue benches.
Three race dogs run to finish a race.
A smiling man wearing glasses holds a crying baby to his face.
A tractor decorated as a float for a parade
Two black males are posing for a picture with winter clothes on.
A young boy playing the piano.
A group of men standing around with a woman in Japan.
A basketball player with a ball and defenders.
A woman is holding a wooden frame in pool of water, which is in a snowy place, and there are 2 more half-naked men behind her in the pool.
A young couple do yoga positions in front of a torii gate.
A woman in a white sweater is walking past shops along the sidewalk.
A woman holds a baby and smiles for the picture.
Children sit in front of a computer while their teacher instructs them.
Craftsman is working with wood and a nail gun.
A basketball player dribbles the ball while another blocks him and an official looks on.
The basketball player is dropping the basketball into the net.
There are two woman on horseback.
A man on a half pipe doing a skateboard trick.
The skateboarder wearing jeans and a white shirt performs a trick.
A boy and a person off-camera playing a card game.
A tan dog runs through a field with his ears flying in the air
A bike rider in the air above a ramp.
An older man having his beard shaved by a younger man in front of a crowd of people in a lecture hall.
Children wearing black and white are performing.
A group of people sitting and standing around at night wearing costumes.
Two children hang from a low tree branch
A white lady in colorful dress drinking out of a glass.
Two sumo wrestlers fighting in a match
Two sumo wrestlers are fighting in a ring.
A young child with a red belt does a demonstration.
A boy takes a nap as his mother carries him on her back.
A man sitting on a crate plays the guitar.
A black woman in winter clothes standing in a building entry.
A man crossing an intersection and others are walking
People watch as something lights up the sky.
A woman riding on a children's toy.
A trio of guitarists, dressed all in black, play their instruments.
This man is doing a stunt on a skateboard outdoors.
A man in green kick a soccer ball while a man in purple and white is falling down.
There is a crowd of people on stage raising their hands in the air.
A black horse with a white on his forehead and nose, running.
A group of people cheering and having a good time.
A man in a blue pinstriped suit is reading a newspaper while smoking a cigar
Woman in white dribbling basketball.
Seven children sitting near a person with a black flowered outfit.
Young men are playing soccer on a beach.
Three people wearing blindfolds with a Greenpeace sign hanging in the background.
A dalmation runs along the beach.
Two young boys wearing matching New York Giants outfits are playing with laundry.
A young person playing in the snow with two black dogs.
A gray terrier runs in a snow-covered field.
A ski jumper is in the air.
A man with a name tag that says "Jim" is knitting.
A blond woman is sitting under a turkey farm canopy.
A skateboarder in the air at the top of ramp.
A small dog runs through the grass.
The skateboarder is jumping his board in the air while another skateboarder watches.
A grayhound dog is sprinting.
The white and brown dog are playing in the dead grass.
Two men, one wearing a blue pinstriped shirt, singing karaoke
A group of women are sitting around a table working with yarn in a crowded room.
A man twirling a flaming baton.
Brown and white dog plays with blue ball in blue water-filled shell.
A woman and a man ride bikes across a city street.
There are a lot of people crowded around a blue sign.
A man in orange is holding up a bicycle near a crowd.
A small white and black dog chasing a slightly larger brown dog in a grassy area.
Two people in an orange race car.
The boat with passengers gets lifted out of the water by a large cable.
Child playing in waves with sun on the horizon.
A young girl is playing on a forest log.
A mom holding her child on a red sofa while they are both having fun.
A man in a red jacket and hat talks to another man.
A boy is waiting outside a window with bars.
A skier in red pants is on a snow covered slope.
A group of men drink at a bar and talk.
A woman sits on a carpeted floor with a baby.
The brown and white dog is playing in the snow.
A man, woman, and child sit and eat food outdoors.
A child and a man walking in the sand.
A young child wearing a white coat playing a children's gold game.
Three people are posing on the side of a mountain.
A heron is flying through the air near foliage.
A cyclist is being photographed whilst doing a jump off a ramp.
A man and wife stand at the alter as they get married.
A man is sweeping the street in front of a tree.
A woman kissing a man in an orange shirt and brown jacket on the cheek.
Two blond women sit in grass with a small dog.
A young woman in a yellow shirt runs across a grassy field in competition.
A man is standing in front of a chalkboard pointing at diagrams
A dog is chewing on a metal pole.
An Asian man is talking on his cellphone in his cubicle at work.
Three women are running with numbers on their chest.
Several people are talking with doctors in a room.
A brown dog digs in the sand happily.
Two kids walk up the sidewalk with their backpacks.
Father and daughter are playing in a shallow area of a lake together.
A large bird swooping down towards the ground.
Eight men and women are posed with arms outstretched in a step fashion.
A group of people race across a grass field.
One boy skateboarding on a rail and three boys watching.
A crowd of people are standing on a snow covered hill watching the sun go down.
A white and brown cat bats at a frayed string dangling in front of him
Small boy lying on his stomach on the grass.
A group of men in different color attire are running a marathon.
An ice hockey player takes water from a green bottle.
A man with a ski mask, dressed all in black, plays guitar.
A boy in white shorts stands on a rusty tower.
A man contorts his body as he plays baseball.
Man with cupcakes and coffee contemplating the statement "who are you?"
A man has fallen asleep with his mouth open.
A woman watches children swimming in a public pool.
Children are sleeping on mats on the floor.
A hockey player in blue and red guarding the goal.
Two people smile underneath a large red flower and in front of a vine-covered wall.
A man in a green coat using a magnifying glass to read a book while sitting on a bench.
A woman wearing a white jacket walks past a billboard that is advertising hamburgers.
A man wearing a yellow sweatshirt carries a white cart on the sidewalk while another man carrying a backpack walks by.
A man is by a shopping cart with people walking on the street.
A man with four running dogs in nature.
A team of breakdancers sets up along the side of a road in the city as many onlookers gather.
A soccer player in a white shirt kicked a goal.
A man in white pants plays the guitar, singing, as two other band members play along and dance.
A man in a gray shirt sings at a microphone.
A man playing guitar and signing next to a woman in a dress playing an instrument
A man stands next to a life saver.
Three people are playing in a band.
A guy with a gray shirt and jeans is on stage singing with a microphone.
A teenager with a purple bandanna around his neck plays the electric guitar and screams into a microphone.
Two young female floor hockey players fight over the ball.
A teenager chopping wood on a snow covered street with a another teenager running out to him.
Construction worker working on lumber wearing gloves.
A guy cuts wood in little pieces in the snow.
A snowboarder flies through the air.
Two people are riding bikes on a vacant street near the ocean.
A woman carrying buckets in the mountains of the countryside.
A smiling man leaning to his right stands behind a smiling woman leaning to her left.
A man rollerblading at a skate park.
A surfer goes up a wave of water.
A man in a zippered jacket snowboarding.
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis in a field.
A dog is galloping on the beach.
A man in a helmet stands on the hood of a car on fire as people watch.
A father and infant son enjoying themselves at a pool.
A black and white dog carries a huge stick on the green grass.
A dog jumps in midair to catch a Frisbee.
A young woman works behind the counter at a juice bar.
A man selling creative balloons on the street.
A person wearing skis makes a jump over the snow.
A person is bowling at a colorful bowling ally.
A man is riding a bicycle down a road while being closely followed by a German shepherd and possibly a black Labrador as two younger men walk along the curb toward them.
Two men speak closely at a party.
A snowboarder flying through the air doing a trick on a snowy mountain.
Two women are in a kitchen preparing vegetables in a wok.
The young man is flying through the air on his green snowboard.
Two people (a man and a woman) leaning up against a building conversing
A woman standing in a group of people in an office like setting.
Two miners work in a large pit.
A black and white dog returns a stick in the snow.
A man with a white hat on a scooter.
A woman with pink hair is outside wearing a green coat and a scarf with hearts on it.
A snowboarder getting air at night.
A police officer leans against his motorcycle and watches the streets.
Two people on cots watching the water at twilight.
A person in a red shirt on a skateboard.
Four Asian women pose for a picture.
People are having a conversation in the inner room of a ship.
A person jumps a bicycle off a large dirt ramp.
A group of men and one girl are standing in the street.
African woman with child writes the alphabet on a chalkboard.
Two men hold a discussion on a street curb while a yellow taxi drives past a chaotic background of advertising.
Adults stand around a classroom in Africa.
People are gathered on a platform in water for a ceremony.
Children are playing music outside.
A person is doing a back flip while other people and cars go by in the background.
Young red-haired man is playing an electric guitar.
Two white dogs running on ground covered with colorful fallen leaves.
An African woman dressed in traditional clothing is playing a drum.
Construction workers are using a machine at night.
Lady in black standing and smoking with another girl sitting on the steps.
A mountain lion is leaping off of a rock.
A skier makes a jump with his skis crossed.
Two women stop to have their picture taken outside the chocolate factory.
A lady on stilts on a sidewalk has spectators.
An older man is sitting on a red bench with a younger man.
A bald eagle stands in shallow water.
A little girl in a purple coat stares at the fish at the market.
A skateboarder performs a trick on a ramp.
A blond dog is catching a ball in its mouth in the snow.
A family of six and three dogs taking a walk in the woods.
A group of young children standing in a row leaning against a wall.
Cyclist in snowy forest at night
A guy is on the ground in a bullring near a half airborne white bull while another guy steps toward him.
A person standing on stilts is bending over.
A white dog with tan ears is running through the snow
A little kid plays on the equipment at the park.
Two dogs run through a grassy patch that is surrounded by trees.
A girl is getting a tattoo on her hand.
Two girls dressed up with sumo pants wrestling while people look on.
A leather dressed rodeo cowboy stars blankly, while people look on from outside the ring.
A group of people are hiking in the woods.
An older woman adding spices to food she is preparing.
They are feeding the tortoise water and the baby boy is excited to see it.
A family deciding what to other at a restaurant
A snowboarder is jumping off a high stone wall.
Two people stand next to a goat.
The muzzled dog with the number eight races on the dirt track.
A chef uses a microphone as he opens the lid on a fresh dish of food.
A young man with dreadlocks and a tied dyed shirt is doing tricks on his skateboard.
Someone in a blue coat and white sneakers is airborne.
The young adults take a group shot of themselves.
An individual adorned in white rides a motorcycle.
Two little girls, one in green and one in purple, reading a book.
A boy in a blue shirt runs while smiling.
Man in blue and white uniform shooting basketball being blocked by man in white and red.
African American woman in blue shirt looks down at food.
The woman wearing glasses is painting the face of the blond girl.
A man gestures to two women while standing in a parking lot.
A white man wearing white and red swim trunks is jumping into a swimming pool.
Tourists are gathering in front of a historic building in winter.
A man in a gray hat pushes some type of equipment over ice.
A dog bounds into the water.
A child wearing a gray winter coat and blue snow boots is unhappy upon discovering their playhouse covered in snow.
This man studies the controls while working with heavy machinery.
A man operates a small piece of equipment.
A baby girl with a mouthful of cereal.
A person jogs on a waters edge in a red jacket and black pants.
A young girl is rolling a giant snowball outside.
A group of people are walking in the fog toward a creepy house.
A girl leaps into the air in front of the ocean.
A girl in a costume is performing a dance as other girls in costumes watch.
People standing around watching monitors on the wall.
People barely visible except for upraised arms.
Many dogs are shown in the grass.
A little girl blows bubbles in a courtyard with a ship in the background.
A man is driving a red ATV up a rugged hill.
A man, with rainbow hair, and a woman are yelling out the window of a limo.
Many people climb on a ropes course outside.
Man in bright yellow jacket and black pants riding a bicycle in snow by a roadway protected by a railing.
Guys in blue shirts are working on a car.
A young man juggles six black and white balls.
A middle-aged woman, wearing an apron, carrying a container of ice cream and cones.
The man is sitting on a stool playing the trombone.
Three dogs run on wide, grassy, outdoor area.
A dog in a harness pulling a pink carrier behind it on snow.
Ballerinas dancing on a large stage under blue spotlights.
A man is lying down in the middle of a dirty alley.
A kid looks at a snowboard while in the snow.
The skier is leaning forward in the snow.
A snowboarder is jumping over a snowy hill
A brown and white dog stands on the sand to look at another dog.
A performance group is staged in one collective motion.
Large black dog is pulling things around on a red sled.
Group of people gathered for a funeral on a beach.
A man carves an ice block with a chainsaw.
An older man wearing a bright green, yellow, and red shirt holding a red accordion.
Cyclists compete in a race that takes them on a dirt mountain road.
A dog sled with two passengers travelling through the snow.
A brown squirrel jumps into the air in a snowy area.
Three window washers perform their job.
A young girl with dark hair and a red bow smiles while embracing a young dark-haired boy.
People stand on an icy street in the snow around a car.
A participant in a dog sled race passes onlookers.
A little boy is admiring a green sports car.
A group of people are at a convention waving American flags.
Three dogs running in the dirt.
A man tries a trick shot in a small bowling alley while his friend watches.
The guys are shooting hoops.
A little girl in a striped dress has a pink scarf.
People playing in a snow-covered street.
A clown in a black and white striped shirts is entertaining a young girl.
An older woman sitting at a table in a restaraunt, holding a glass.
Two men are working on the curb of a street.
Man drawing a picture on a balcony overlooking a church.
A German shepherd dog is running in the snow.
A boy run through a big wheel.
Two boys are running in a metal barrel.
Two woman with black purses are looking at the back of a camera
A man in a heavy coat makes repairs at a train station.
Two white standard poodles playing tug-of-war in the snow.
A brown dog holding a huge stick in its mouth running in the snow.
A blue character sits in the stands at a sports event.
A volleyball player in an orange shirt jumps into the air to hit the ball.
Two women in orange jump up to block a volleyball shot at a volleyball match.
Two brown dogs wearing muzzles race through a grassy field.
The smiling woman stands in grass near a creek.
A bald man wearing a brown jacket stands in front of the Bryant Park newsstand while snow flurries fall on New York city.
A group of people are running a race.
People in front of a beige five story building.
A man is laying on a bed opening a package.
A woman in a fur coat and hat is looking at flowers
A little girl walks down the tree lined road.
Three people are dressed in jade green, talking near a fence.
People watching at the arts in exhibition.
Two snowboarders in yellow and green are jumping in the air.
A man in a forest setting looks through a hollow piece of wood.
Two guys with long hair standing in front of a window.
A boy toddler is holding a bat he is about to swing at a pinata.
Two young men stand at a home's open front door on a snowy evening.
A group of five adults stand posing in front of buildings.
A mother is on her knees fixing her daughter's blue dress.
Mother and daughter going up town to go shopping
A skier wearing white sunglasses is skiing down a snowy mountain very fast.
Middle-aged man cleaning the fallen snow on the roof of his car with a broom.
A girl in a black coat and red hat riding a red sled down a snowy hill.
Two young kids wearing winter coats play in the snow.
A little boy tells a secret to a little girl
A singer is singing into a microphone.
A brown and white dog walking in the snow near a fence.
A man is walking through fire.
A man on the ground near a row of cars, and another man standing holding the first man's leg.
A man jumping off of some logs.
A woman checks her progress on the read-out of a treadmill at the gym.
A man in a blue shirt hikes through a nature trail.
One person is sitting on a beach with a rainbow in the background.
A group of ladies playing cards
A woman pushes a stroller past a fence behind which some uniformed boys reach out.
Two men are racing in the water.
Multiple surfers are out in the ocean waiting for a wave.
A boy and a young woman in a headscarf make peace signs.
A black and white dog jumping in the snow.
A young girl plays with her dolls.
A brown-haired man with glasses is wearing a burgundy hooded sweatshirt while sitting at a dinner table checking his cellphone.
A man and woman setup a camera.
A little girl in a pink jacket is in the middle of the frame.
A man interviews a boy in a gathering of people.
A man is engulfed in flames while two movie crewmen supervise.
A man playing a guitar and a man playing drums
Gray dog with muzzle and with the #8 yellow striped identification is running.
A woman with dark hair working on some colorful fabric.
A black dog with a purple collar and a black leash runs in the grass.
Beautiful mountain scenery and a ski lift.
A group lies in the snow while someone on a blue snow sled jumps over them.
A man dancing on the street in front of a crowd.
A man is setting up a camera on a tripod while a woman stands in the background.
A man sitting in front of a stage
A woman in a black coat with a camera on a tripod
A man is playing a guitar in front of a brick wall.
Young boy in a winter hat sliding down a snowy hill.
The man in white is playing basketball against the man in blue.
A tan and white dog walks in the sand on a nice day.
A dog runs headlong towards a hurdle.
A dog is looking at a white swan swimming in a lake.
A man stands on his head in front of a crowd.
A man posing in front of a crowd on a busy street.
Man in colorful jersey and cap performs for crowd in urban area.
A boy running through surf on a beach.
Two dogs run across the grassy field.
A man in a black leather jacket falls asleep on public transportation.
Several children running along with a woman.
People are gathering under colored lights in a large tent.
A man in an orange snowsuit is on a dogsled in the snow.
Dogs are pulling a person on a sled in the snow.
Man in white shirt poses in front of white fence and large building.
A redheaded girl is in the bath with suds all over her chin.
Guy in black uniform dribbling basketball away from guy in white uniform
A yellow plush toy costume on street event.
A group of men are playing rugby.
An old man in white playing a saxophone as he sits on a stool.
A man concentrates on his music, holding his violin.
The worker is standing on a ladder on a city sidewalk repairing the building with a large drill.
Two fencers in gear fighting in a fencing class
The two men are playing Frisbee in a field.
Two men are untangling their nets on the dock.
The two young boys play in a puddle on a comfortable day.
A man holds a baby who is holding eyeglasses.
A person on a bike leaps high in the air at a beach.
Several kids are sitting down and holding basketballs
A woman with a cart of eggs walks in a market.
Rescue workers helping a person into a carry device, in a snowy area.
Young Asian students smile and present their new basketballs.
Young girl in a pink shirt with toys all around her.
An emergency worker directs a man pulling a sled with emergency equipment on a snowy path.
A black and white dog biting onto a chunk of ice.
Three people are standing on stage and two of the people watch the other person play the trumpet.
A young boy is playing in the park with his mother.
Two white dogs swim face to face in shady water.
A man with headlight gear is standing in a cave.
A motocross bike is being ridden along a woodland path.
Two runners get ready to race on a track.
A yellow dog runs down a dirt path.
A group of musicians on stage playing music.
A motor-cross rider in red splashes through mud and rain with his motorcycle.
A woman appears to be struggling from lifting an object.
A white dog with an orange spot jumping through dried grass.
A boy grinds a ledge on his skateboard.
People in a pool and something just created a large splash.
The brown and black dog sprints across the snow.
A man skies on the snowy ground among trees.
A man, in a blue shirt, lifts a weight bar.
A group of people are firing up a hot air balloon.
Three dogs race in the snow together.
A dog running along beside a cow in a grassy field.
A dog and a chicken next to a building.
A woman in jeans and a black jacket standing on the road in front of a white and red bus.
A man steers a blue boat past brightly colored houses.
A brown dog making a funny face while standing on a beach.
A boy on a snowboard leaps through the air.
A large group of people are packed tightly into a train.
Two people are sumo wrestling.
A little black dog and a large brown dog are out in the snow.
A man speaking with two women.
A black woman and two black children are sitting in a thatched tent.
A parking lot filled with bikes and trikes.
A refrigerator is stuck in a bank of snow, and a man is skiing on it.
Group of black men loading luggage onto the top of a bus
A woman in a lavender tank top is selling kettle korn at a stand.
Several people are sitting on a roof in a Middle Eastern city.
The man sang a song while another man played guitar.
Men working on a project.
A man wearing an orange shirt hits a ball with a tennis racket.
A casually dressed man having a conversation with a man in a suit.
A man about to hit a tennis ball with a racket.
An older gentleman sits behind a control board.
A maid in a white uniform sweeps the floor.
The motocross rider is jumping his dirt bike.
Two girls standing inside of a wooden gate with one girl waving.
A violinist and a singer perform in front of people.
A man standing looking at a book and a boy sitting and holding something.
Man in blue shirt smoking
The man is playing the acoustic guitar while the other men make gestures
A motorcyclist riding covered head to toe with mud
Three women and men selling their items in a cold winter day.
A group of men pulling a rope on a crag.
A swimmer comes up above the surface of the water for air.
A man sits at a computer and types.
An older white man with a blue bucket painting a window cage.
Girl in school outfit atop a tree.
A man is diving into water near a shore.
A variety of folks in the back of a large wagon.
Two large dogs running while a third watches.
Three women are smiling with paintings behind them.
A dog nips at the leg of a horse.
Four young women wearing bikinis are playing beach volleyball
A woman in formal riding gear riding her horse on the beach.
Various people seen through a subway window.
A man in a beret and thin mustache gestures to two women in conversation.
A guy on a skateboard about to do a trick
One man doing breakdancing on his head with a silver helmet and another playing music while onlookers pass by
Man wearing flashy gold shirt standing in apartment
A basketball player tries to aim for the goal while being blocked by other players.
Man does a trick flipping over several people lined up at a street fair.
A chipmunk stands on the edge of a field and road
A couple of hikers cross a bridge.
A little brown dog is running in the snow.
A dirt bike tears up the terrain.
A lone skier goes down an empty hill under a blue sky.
White father and sun in blue wetsuits with boogie board in the water.
People are standing on a railway platform reading newspapers.
People in a gymnasium dancing in a contest.
The racing dog has a muzzle and is wearing striped jersey #8.
Old man wearing a red shirt sitting on a green bench.
Three men stand together with two pairs of scales beside large heaps of fresh vegetables.
A white crane is flying above some water.
Two dogs run through grass near a body of water.
A red-haired woman carries a baby on her chest in a carrier.
A man works on a microscope while at least four others observe and one videotapes it.
A band playing in a dark indoor area.
A man wearing a scarf around his head is playing a flute outside.
A person secured in a harness swings toward a suspended ball.
Two dogs lying on their backs on the purple bed.
A man in a red shirt is holding magazines.
A man is holding a pile of newspapers in a lobby, and a woman next to him has taken one of the newspapers and is smiling.
A young girl filling a bottle with liquid using a funnel and pitcher.
A child in a scouts uniform is bagging things at a store.
Two men in an office are wrestling as two other men watch on.
Two people working in water next to field
Four ladies in swimsuits play sand volleyball on the beach.
A man is up on a scaffold and appears to be washing the windows of a building.
A man with dreadlocks talks on his cellphone.
A baby in a blue shirt, looking at the camera while holding a crayon they were using.
A man and a woman sitting by the water.
A woman covering her eyes in a park as the day comes to an end
A person in winter clothes covers their face with a sweater.
The brown headed boy on his scooter is going to the toy store after school.
A black dog is chasing another black dog that's carrying a ball in its mouth.
A martial artist demonstrating his skill by breaking boards with his foot in a dojo.
A young child is trying to discover his way.
A group of people, several of which are wearing fuzzy pink antennae.
Several people are helping to move a vendor cart.
A black dog and a brown and white dog running in the grass.
Group of people waving small American flags by a fence.
No traffic because it is Sunday and the man is waiting to cross the road.
A black-haired woman is shopping for groceries holding roses.
Man in blue hat and blue and black striped shirt doing skateboarding trick on rock.
A man wearing a coat and a scarf stands near a cafe.
A child with a stick and no shirt sitting in the grass
Three boys are searching for their books in a library.
Black and white dog is jumping into the air to catch a ball outside.
Three kids are climbing a large tree in the city.
A hawk sits in a budding tree looking left.
People listen to two men play guitar on a boat.
Several people are walking along a narrow bridge over some water.
Two people hike up a snowy hill.
A small black dog runs through the white snow.
Small asian man in shorts with a really huge saw cutting wood.
The kitchen worker at a restaurant observes the dining room, including a man in a red jacket.
In a small village a Man sets sail along the Swamp.
A hair dresser is applying permed on a client's hair in a salon.
Two women pose for a picture in a bedroom.
A woman in a gray top has her reflection caught in the bathroom mirror.
Two women and a child celebrating at a nighttime party.
An individual is walking down a set of steps with a bag in their left hand.
Two women wrestle at the beach next to a city.
A halway has a sign that says "PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE" and some graffiti.
Women at a counter in a laundry mat looking at through her purse.
A teenage boy gives another teenage boy a piggyback ride in a forest.
Puppies, chickens and a turkey examining bucket contents on dirt.
Two dogs standing and one dog laying down on its back.
A businessman leaving early for the day.
A bearded man in a blue shirt ls laughing while a suited mustached man holds up a glass.
A man looking at the scenery through binoculars.
A man attached to a harness is climbing a rock wall.
A young boy outside by the pool, smiling.
The white swan is taking off from the water.
Two men are running with numbers pinned to their shirts.
A small child wearing jeans and a football jersey is wearing a clothing hamper as a hat.
A man is wearing a number on his white shirt.
This man appears to be sleeping while resting his head on his hand.
A man wearing a maroon shirt tied around his face is laying on the cement
Man standing in front of a table filled with an assortment of eatable items as darkness look on.
Two African men mind their own business.
Sveral young boys climbing out of the water on a concrete sidewalk
A woman lies on the floor next to a baby.
A silhouetted figure stands at the top of a snow-covered peak at the end of some tracks.
A male and female are at a table with a drink.
A child in pink holds an object that appears to be on fire.
A skateboarder is jumping off a wooden table down some steps.
A biker going up a path lined with red tape.
A baby is sitting on a blue slide.
A tan dog chases a black and white soccer ball.
Old man and woman in jackets facing each other
A long snowboarder jumping over a barricade outside in the snow.
Two basketball players play in a game.
Two men are playing basketball and one is trying to block the others shot.
A basketball player is getting ready to shoot a hoop
A man at a sporting even dressed in green and yellow is smiling.
A person in a multicolored jacket smoking a cigarette inside the driveway of a building.
An older white man in a black cowboy hat sings into a microphone.
A black dog is running down a path.
The basketball player in blue is running between two players in white.
The basketball player holds the ball.
The brown and black dog has his mouth open.
A dog in a field holding something in its mouth.
A woman in a floral shirt and white gloves balances a fishbowl on her head.
There are hundreds of people with red shirts running a marathon.
Two people with signs reading "Free Hug" are staring with people nearby.
People walking down street lined with Chinese lanterns.
A man in green holding a sign hugs a blond woman.
A woman with red-hair is stapling paper.
A woman and two young girls shelter themselves from the rain with umbrellas.
The snow borader is riding a rail.
A woman is doing yoga and smiling at the camera.
Man in an office setting jumps rope in business attire.
Two people stand in front of a lake in the snow and pose for a picture.
Two couples pose for a picture in the winter.
A large gray bird begins to land in the water.
A girl in a Burka is learning vocabulary in a classroom.
A girl is holding plastic wrap around her head.
A snowboarder goes down a short hill next to stairs.
A man with a red white and black striped shirt is pulling a cart full of blue buckets and brooms.
A couple of people are watching a cruise ship.
A woman is riding her bike and enjoying the ocean scenery.
A kid sitting on an upside boat by the waterfront.
A girl is comforting a small child who fell on the ice while skating
A black man with dreadlocks is clapping.
Two black dogs run with a tennis ball across the snowy dirt.
A man in a white hat is cleaning a display window at a restaurant.
A man holding a baby who is petting a pony.
Two basketball players fighting over control of a ball.
A man in jeans and a work shirt and gloves holds a chainsaw with a plant in the foreground.
Cricket player with red cap hits the ball outdoors.
A man and a skateboard on top of a barrel.
Several women are playing a game of beach volleyball.
A boy leans on a baseball bat and holds out one arm outstreached.
Three men wear blue hard hats and orange vests.
A man wearing protective clothing is being bitten on the arm by a dog.
Three friends are laughing on a skiing trip.
The small, golden dog is attempting to take a furry object from a larger look-alike
A man wearing shorts is running along a beach.
Inspectors trying to check a car that had collided with a track outside Chevron gas station in Texas.
A female rugby player trying to outmaneuver opposing players.
On the street a man sits and plays the drums while a man standing beside him plays the guitar.
The dog runs in the deep snow.
Young girls with gold and red capes running in a gymnasium.
Two people are outside walking through the snow.
A man wearing a blue wetsuit is wakeboarding through a big wave.
A couple is sharing a kiss on a cold sunny day.
A fashionably dressed woman holding a record in a frame at a used bookstore.
People are gathered flying kites on a hillside.
This person is laying on the floor at the bottom of the stairs and is missing a shoe.
A man jogging on the sidewalk while listening to music.
A man is skateboarding in front of a group of people.
A man doing an acrobatic move on the seashore.
The dog is running full speed through the meadow.
Waitress in a black hat setting up the table.
A man in a full wetsuit surfs a crashing wave.
Person skiing on slope near ski lift
White tents lined up with red Chinese lanterns hanging from them
Two dogs are playing around in the dirt.
Dog standing with 1 foot up in a large field.
A man on a bmx bike jumps over a train
A large vehicle travels through a bumpy and muddy path.
A black man is walking past a building on a busy sidewalk.
The boy is on blue bike and is above a fence.
A man walking behind a running dog on the beach.
A beautiful white dog walking in the brown grass.
A group of four guys wearing tutu
A snowboarder is throwing up snow as he rides his board.
A farmer and three children work on a farm.
A black and white dog rests its head on a camera.
A person with a green shirt jumps high over the grass.
A small brown dog plays with a ball on the beach.
Two girls are hanging tinsel from a Christmas tree.
A girl in a black shirt is putting a star on top of a Christmas tree.
Two young girls are wrapped in Christmas tinsel.
Small boy with blue eyes wearing a white and red, orange and yellow bib
Little boy shoveling snow in the driveway.
A woman is walking her dog along a row of colorful houses with garages.
A man in a white hat watching seagulls with two children.
A woman in a black and white long-sleeve floral print dress with pink lipstick appears to be singing near a brick wall and an atm machine.
Young boy in red hoodie ice skating.
A skier is jumping off a steep hillside covered with snow.
A mountain biker wearing a colorful helmet rides downhill.
A man in all black clothing on stage reading something from a piece of paper into the microphone to the audience.
Some people in medieval costume are walking through a crowded street.
Kids, toddlers and women taking a bath and washing clothes, probably near a riverbed and one girl is carrying a container of water.
A group of people are standing.
Three colorful clowns with ballons posing next to another plastic clown.
A small child is playing with hula-hoops in a yard of a neighborhood.
Three boys cross a river with some sort of wild animal.
A man with black gloves sits on someone's shoulders to take a picture.
Three men wearing white uniforms stand on a grass field in front of a crowd.
Asian mother and child are looking at the aquarium tank.
A black bird in the air with leaves in its mouth.
Hockey players with one taking a shot.
A woman in red and white standing in the middle of the street.
Boy skateboarding down a stair railing in winter
A skier dressed in black speeds down the mountain.
A person wearing pink pants and a white jacket is snowboarding.
Back of a red-haired woman riding on the subway.
A boy in a blue jacket on a subway train.
A group of people are on a boat in a marina.
A black and brown dog is running with a tennis ball in its mouth.
A chef in a blue hat bends over in front of people while they are eating.
A young boy with a blue umbrella waits outside a shop.
Two women embrace, one in a brown shirt and one in a purple shirt, as other people look on.
Kids talking to an elderly woman in front of a door.
Three children are standing on the trunk of a tree that has fallen.
This Gentleman in a White Shirt, is really studying, at his Computer.
A man is kicking the soccer ball towards the goalie on a warm day.
A skier outfitted in red on a snow-covered mountain.
A man going down the hill in the snow
A boy with a basketball.
A person in a green shirt on a skateboard jumping off of a short set of stairs.
A snowboarder in red rides down the slope.
A woman in a lavish orange dress dances with a man in all black clothing.
The man is playing in the yard with two dogs.
People on bicycles riding through a group of onlookers.
A couple enjoying a glass of white wine.
Three basketball players in white are defending against the attacking player with the ball in orange.
Four people and the sun.
A little girl kicking a soccer ball to a little boy.
A child doing some drills for soccer.
A group of kids are running while playing soccer.
A surfer in a red shirt is under a large wave.
A shaggy black and white dog is running on the grass.
A man and a woman ride scooter like vehicles
A child crossing a chain fence to get to the water.
A crowd scene in front of mosque.
A man standing alone with a sad look upon his face.
A man in a striped hat walks by a disco establishment.
The brightly colored rider is riding down a countryside hill on a scooter.
A group of bike riders are riding on the street.
A chorus is standing in front of an American flag in sailor hats singing.
A little girl in a purple hat is starring.
Five people in white shirts wearing gray hats in the woods with tools.
A boy runs on colorful lines.
A woman is asleep on a chair on a bus.
A teenager is attempting a skateboarding trick in an urban area.
A little boy with a blue goggles and headset is wearing a black shirt with a number on it and a gray shorts.
A baby in a pot on a stove.
A child wearing a coat among some trees and funny designs.
A woman with a knit cap on is smiling near a Domino's Pizza sign.
A child in a brown, patterned jacket lays on a couch with a blue blanket
A snowboarder jumps high over the snowy hill.
Four people walking along the side of a brick building.
A mountain biker wearing white races through a turn.
A smiling woman and man are seated in front of a microphone in a music studio.
A skater performs a stunt off a cement wall covered in graffiti.
Lots of people on a stairway in an old fancy building for an event.
A group of people walking on snowy steps.
A stunt man does a bike trick up in the air while fireworks go off around him
A brown god relaxes on a brick sidewalk.
A large group of people come together to proclaim their cause before the cameras.
People dressed for cool weather, eagerly waiting in line.
Two children are on a bed while playing with some toys.
Asian boy puts his head inside a large bubble.
People are gathering around a table of food and outside a taxi wisks by.
One teenager taking a risk by diving on his side.
Two boys are playing in the water near an old building and a boat.
Two Latinos playing instruments; one on the violin and the other on harp.
Male wearing brown shirt holding a microphone with an expression of singing.
A group of performers sing and play under the spotlight.
Two people sit on a dock next to each other watching the sunset.
A man sitting in the corner talking on his cellphone.
A group of many people who seem to be selling or eating food under a tent.
A guy playing a guitar with "Whatever it takes" written on it.
Several people have set up temporary camp beside a large marble support column.
A stage is being erected on a city street while passersby watch.
A snowboarder is performing a stunt in front of a crowd of spectators.
Tourists taking a picture in front of a building.
A team of soccer players in white strips are running around cones on a sports field.
Three ladies are standing in a room that looks like a work lounge.
An older man with a plaid shirt is looking through a microscope.
Spectators watch as a snowboarder does a trick.
A black youth in a blue shirt engages in an animated discussion with other young people around a table.
A young boy moving towards a yellow ball.
Two women in hats are standing in front of onlookers, one is playing a violin and the other is playing an accordion.
A classroom full of men, with the teacher up front.
A man wearing a t-shirt that has "gnu" printed on it gives a technology presentation.
A boy surfs on a wave.
Standing and sitting evenly with a line of trees, two female figures face the direction of a water body.
A heavier man wearing a blue shirt and black pants walks down the sidewalk of a shopping center.
A bull charges out of the gates at a rodeo.
People in a boat floating above waves.
A white heron flies into the sky.
A little girl runs across the grass toward the trees.
A brown dog is walking in the snow between some pine trees.
The teacher is helping her student complete some work.
Female with glasses, holding a camera, shades her eyes with her hands while standing in the foreground of an ocean view.
A teenager climbs a rock wall.
Two men wearing wrestling gear with their heads pressed together.
Three children are playing in the shallow ocean.
Before a couple orders their food in a restaurant, they decide to clown around for the other couple sitting with them.
Biker jumping off a ramp in the forest.
A man plays a string instrument as part of an orchestra.
A woman in a conical hat works at a narrow loom.
A man in a brown jacket walking alone up a flight of stairs.
A colorful truck unloads into a lake across from a tent camp.
Stop action frame of a racer in a bicycle race.
Three boys with blue shirts smiling for camera photo.
Older black-haired woman leaning on the edge of a brick wall with hanging laundry behind her.
A soccer player jumping in air during a game.
A family of nine sits crowded on a white couch and smiling.
A black poodle with a rope toy in its mouth.
A large group of people attending an event with vendors and food.
A black dog leaps through the snow near a fence.
A young man practices on his electric Yamaha keyboard.
Three children playing with metal furniture.
An african american woman is riding a bicycle down the street.
Vendors sell fruits and vegetables in an open-air market.
A man walks past a storefront that has a name in French.
Two young adults smile at the camera.
Six boys and two men are beside a large tree.
A group of young males stand together with their mouths open.
A bald man with glasses wearing a gray long-sleeve sweater and jeans has his left hand up towards his mouth.
There is a man shooting basketballs next to a toddler.
Two kids getting hit by a wave in the ocean
Two smiling girls that are holding hands.
A boy is doing a trick on his skateboard in a park.
Group of people sitting in lounge chairs on patio looking at mountains.
Two older females taking pictures with their camera while another older female watches.
Two skiers are jumping over a mound of snow underneath bright sunshine.
A woman in a pink shirt wears rides a horse in a rodeo.
People in a parade wearing multicolored clothes and dancing.
Three people are being silly in the woods.
Two hockey players fight with one hitting the other in the face.
A guy on a skateboard is doing a stunt at dusk.
A man in a white shirt is singing with a band.
The snowboarder does a trick off the side of a large green building.
Little kid in red snowsuit with hello kitty mittens
This man in the yellow shirt is adjusting blue bicycle for a young boy.
A man with a purple hat is climbing a rock.
A woman attempting to put on a pair of tights in an unkempt room.
A man climbs a rock.
A person in a blue jacket climbs a large rock in a dark forest.
A poodle running along a beach carrying a stick in its mouth.
A young skier receives a lesson in the snow from an adult.
People observe animals in a covered exhibit at the zoo.
People walking through a produce market with beautiful overhead lights.
Two men wearing shorts are going up outside steps.
Two women with young children are talking on the street.
Three dogs running towards a fence in the snow.
A man and woman and two small children are sitting in the floor with wrapped Christmas presents.
A beautiful white bird takes off in flight.
A man in a hat sits on a sofa with an infant.
A man with black hair is cutting fish.
An orchestra, in formal dress, with a man playing the cello in the center.
A man hits a volleyball on the beach.
A little girl smiles in her snowsuit while playing in the snow.
Two elderly females shopping in a department store currently looking at stockings.
The black dog is running through a swampy area with pieces of wood its mouth.
A man sits by a red building while smoking.
A woman is looking at something that is being illuminated by two light bulbs.
A crowd of people walking the street with Santa.
The black and tan dog is chasing something he has spotted.
Construction workers are laying down pavement to repair a road.
One girl about to blow on a streamer, while the other laughs.
A man falling over in an ocean wave
A basketball player in black jumps, while another in white attempts to block.
A little boy is jumping up and down.
A little girl jumps in ballet in class as two others look on
Two children are using pruning tools in the yard.
A black dog with a red collar is running on the snow.
A lone skateboarder jumping a huge skateboarding ramp.
A bunch of dogs on a beach.
A man wearing blue plays soccer.
Some dancers in kilts compete in front of a judge wearing black.
A woman holds a sleeping baby.
A basketball player has jumped in the air to shoot the basketball.
The young woman in blue is running on a treadmill.
A woman in a top hat is trying to get into a maroon car at night.
A woman is applying her lipstick.
A white and brown dog, wearing a bandanna, jumps through the air.
The wet dog has retrieved the pink purse with aqua handles.
A man wearing a white tank top and white hat is engraving key chains.
Five people sitting on the rocks near a wooden shed.
Two people stand on a grassy hillside in front of a large wooden cross.
A black poodle is playing with the snow.
A black poodle is running in the snow.
Two guitar players dressed in white
A woman in a baseball hat and jeans squeezes a mop into a yellow bucket.
A man and women eating while sharing headphones.
A group of students in uniforms listens attentively to the front of the class.
A man is standing next to a BMW.
A small group of Asian women gather together beneath a red banner.
Two women on a construction site.
A group of volunteers help build a house on behalf of Habitat for Humanity.
Men working on building a house.
A group of people holding tools stand in front of an uncompleted house.
Four workers pose between beams of a house.
The man on the roof is wearing sunglasses and is working hard.
A group of people outside with boards and construction tools.
Several people building a small building in a crowded yard.
Three girls hammer nails on a roof.
Two girls primping a third girl in village setting.
Men with camels gather on a beach.
A blond child runs down a sand dune while another looks on.
Two hockey players fighting for the puck at hockey game.
Three Indian men are sitting together with baskets of fresh fruit, vegetables, and herbs in baskets at their feet.
A man in a green shirt is jumping in a laundry room.
Four people are standing in front of a van and are doing construction.
A man is watching a girl draw as he eats.
A group of young people are playing around with water guns and standing in front of a white truck.
A man kneeling on a roof touching a piece of plywood wearing sunglasses.
Man flying through the air on skis over a mountain.
The boys are playing with Legos.
A born dog carries some fruit in his mouth while two other dogs follow him.
A skier on a snowy ski jump
A little girl is sitting on the sidewalk looking at colorful children's coloring books.
A mother is holding her child on a train.
A man wearing a black shirt and sweater is looking down.
A mountain biker riding through a forest.
Someone riding a bicycle is up in the air over a dirt and hill trail.
Asian woman in black boots and tights with short dress leans again fence.
A dog is in some water with a tree branch in its mouth.
Two Africans in red and blue shawls pose for a picture outside a barber shop.
Two children play on the road on a snowy day.
A kid sits on a skiing device in the snow.
A dog holds a large stick in its mouth in the woods.
The girl in the ski jacket is walking near the buildings.
People gather for a farmers market day, shopping for groceries and clothing on a sunny day.
A bird soars with wings spread.
One boy stands pointing at another boy who is balled up on the floor.
Two boys put their arms around each other and pose.
Two women are outside and one woman is wearing an apron looking into a black machine.
A woman on stage points to a man holding up his hand
A blurred vision of a bike rider in front of a hill top.
A surfer is riding numerous waves.
One construction worker in an orange vest shoveling rocks while another one in a blue vest watches.
A man wearing a white shirt holding a rack of edibles.
A man with a white beard is wearing an apron and in the kitchen.
Two men are playing in a band.
A man in a white restaraunt shirt smokes next to a dumpster.
Dancers pose in front of a multicolored, drawn (art ) backdrop.
A dog runs along a beach near the waves.
Two little girls walk down a big desert.
A dark-haired woman in a black outfit and black high heels is posing for a picture with cacti in the background.
A small dog with a ball in its mouth running through a course.
Two young boys are posing with a person dressed as a Power Ranger.
People are on the beach sunbathing near rocky cliffs.
The dogs are running through the water
A woman in roller derby gear looks across the room.
The man is parasailing and doing a trick.
A group of people on skis with two dogs.
A girl, wearing blue goggles and a striped swimsuit, plays in a swimming pool.
A child walking in the snow.
A baseball player in a blue uniform has just released the baseball on the sidelines.
Children playing baseball in a public park.
Two guys playing a guitar on stage with many lights.
A man is looking up at a board.
The white and black dog is running through a field.
Two men wearing reflective clothing working in a tunnel.
Men wearing bright yellow jackets push green bins as other people walk past.
A woman giving a presentation using a slideshow projection.
Two men riding a dirt bike and one is falling off into a mud puddle.
A security guard standing beside a bright orange advertisement.
A woman in a market gestures to a hat, while a child reaches for the hat.
A girl in a black and blue wetsuit is surfing.
The spanish man walked very quickly down the hill, with his child.
Three dogs are all tugging on the same toy as they stand behind a house.
A group of dancers perform during a parade on a city street.
Three men and two women talking.
The guy lets his girl beat him in a local bike race.
Three women standing together talk with each other.
A small group of people is chatting in a city plaza.
The dog is licking inside the peanut butter jar.
A skateboarder is performing a jump on a slope.
A woman holding a baby with two children around her
A group of people talking and another group looking at photographs taped to the wall.
A black dog is digging in the snow.
A toddler girl with pigtails plays with a camera tripod.
A man is on a skateboard jumping from a short ledge onto the sidewalk.
Two dogs wrestle in the snow in a fenced-in area.
Lambs on a grassy hill.
A few women are dancing at a basketball game on the court.
A man in dayglo yellow collects trash along a street while others look on.
Person on rollerskates dressed as a clown is holding a screaming boy who is wearing a blue dunce hat and blue wizards cape.
A girl is looking at a tripod.
An asian man attempts to put out a wildfire with a small wooden bucket.
Young lady paints another young ladies face outdoors.
A man is fishing on an inlet in the ocean.
A dog jumping for a Frisbee in the snow.
A woman is peddling grain in the market.
A small child stands in front of short white table.
A brown dog in the snow has something hot pink in its mouth.
A man stands on a long in a body of water.
A bald man in a tank top riding bike through a city.
A woman is outside a store taking a picture and making a face.
A person is being pulled by watercraft across the gleaming water.
Two people and a dog are in the snow.
Three people, wearing parachutes, are free-falling together through the sky.
A brown dog wades through water and walks toward a rock.
A man in a black shirt looks at a glacier.
A man in a black shirt is walking on rocks.
A lady sits on a porch swing in the yard while a girl sits on the ground by her.
A woman wearing a helmet rides her bike down a steep incline.
A rottweiler carries a very long stick in his mouth through the woods.
A man sits in a grassy area and observes the landscape below.
A child in a Tye-dyed shirt is climbing a rock wall with another child.
A woman is holding her head amid produce.
A Hispanic family sitting around a table enjoying a meal together.
Two children are playing soccer
A very young smiling boy is in jeans and sneakers is standing and holding on to a piece of gym equipment outside.
Three men putting items on their blue boat.
The green hilly countryside is where the people are gathered to sit down.
An elderly male is blowing air into an object.
The small dog teases the large dog in the field.
A blond man puts up a tent.
Bicyclist dressed in black and white with white sunglasses on points at something.
Girl in swimming pool flinging her hair back over her head.
A young women with long blond-hair is planting in a garden.
A man in a red shirt is butchering a small animal on a wooden board.
A young man in a swimsuit with water crashing behind him.
A brown-haired, little girl itches her eye in a stroller.
A broad shot of a busy street in a lull
A happy couple returning from their shopping spree.
The ice hockey goal keeper is dressed in a red strip.
A young man staring outside of a restaurant window.
A group of people starting out, from the start gate, on a 5K event.
A group of people dressed up colorfully.
A woman in a green costume is standing in front of a topless woman with painted breasts.
People in a truck-full of sacks in a field full of sheep.
A man is helping a young boy learn to ride his tricycle.
A snowboarder is attempting a jump on a crafted ski run.
A woman in a black jacket and a man in a white shirt pass each other by on the sidewalk.
A hockey goalie crouches on the ice.
A boy wearing a blue shirt is going down a slide.
A woman hiking in the snow using ski poles.
The guy in the white uniform has a basketball in his hand.
A basketball player dribbles the ball during a game.
A person doing a bicycle jump, a skyline in the background.
Two men are talking while another looks on.
The lady holds her paintbrush next to the artist's easel.
A woman wearing a white shirt walks on the sidewalk with a large sweeper.
Two men jump up for the ball near the hoop in a basketball game.
A woman in a red coat is on the skiing.
A woman in a black hat is speaking to a woman in a blue dress.
A woman in a blue shirt and straw hat is painting outside.
People walking down the street and past an open bus.
Group of men and women waiting for a bus.
Several men dressed in back jumpsuits sing and play instruments.
A hockey player looks intently downward.
A person is riding a skateboard in the air above a ramp.
Three men wearing yellow work vests stand among a group of people.
A woman in a red jacket and another person get their snowboards out on a snow filled parking lot.
The woman wrapped a flag around her body and burned incense.
A couple is walking down a busy city street when they pass a bird show.
One female and two male musicians holding musical equipment.
A man on machine talking to a guy dressed in a crazy outfit.
A woman holding a clothes basket standing in front of a building with an apartment for rent.
The boy in blue has the ball, and the boy in white is airborne.
A man slides a skateboard down a stair ramp.
Two older women sit on a wooden bench outdoors.
Two dogs chase down a mowed grass field.
A person is riding their bike on a trail next to the woods.
A mother and her three children walking down a city street.
Three females and one male are walking at the edge of a road.
The tan and black dog is running across the grass.
Two children standing in the grass being sprayed by a hose.
A man wearing red plays his guitar on the grass.
A group of children wearing blue and yellow uniforms put their hands together.
A dirt bike rider is in the air pulling off a trick.
Two asian girls dressed in black pose for a picture in front of dry trees.
A young adult dances on his hand.
A snowboarder wearing a green jacket jumps above a low gate.
Young people practice walking on the high wire.
Boy wearing a blue hoodie jumps over a stair railing.
Two Asian girls are sitting in a flower field.
A skateboarder is in the air after skating up a cement ramp.
A skier swishing down a mountain trail.
Two young girls are riding beige camels as another lady wearing a purse watches.
Two females ride camels backs.
A man in orange is bent over welding something on the ground.
Two people in protective gear welding.
A group of boys are playing a game on a beach.
A street corner with parked cars - white, red and back.
A man with glasses is starring at the camera.
A girl is crouching on a skateboard next to a brightly colored wall.
A carefully balanced male stands on one foot near a clean ocean beach area.
Two young girls talking to a man in a van.
The boys are playing a game of soccer on their neighborhood street.
A little asian girl is eating snacks while smiling softly.
A small group of people of observe the wilderness during the daytime.
Three people at are doing high-risk work.
Many people are spread out along a beach or lagoon enjoying themselves.
Two young lovers about to go their separate ways.
A group of people are sitting underneath a tin roof.
Friends laughing about something they have just witnessed.
Many people are walking in the city near tall buildings.
A man Rollerblades on a skate course.
A group of African women and children wearing brightly colored clothes.
A group of kids sitting against a large red dumpster.
A woman taking a photo of an object on a bed.
A boy on a black surfboard riding the wave on his stomach.
A climber with a yellow backpack walks along the ridge of a snowy mountainside.
Two men are playing guitars together
A person on a snowboard jumps over a cliff in the snow.
An African woman stands with her two children under a boulder.
A man and child are talking a walk through a park.
A man is handing a box to another man in a group.
A group of men wait in line to recieve food at a window.
A hiker is walking up the mountain on a snow-covered road.
A young boy jumps into the air using a trampoline.
A girl and a woman ride a camel.
A cowgirl is lassoing a young white calf from the back of her brown horse.
Two blond female wrestlers in the ring.
The woman in the red jacket looks at the child in a green jacket.
A man and a woman show their tatooed hearts on their wrists
Two people are standing on three horses as part of a parade.
Some people waiting to cross a busy street in Portland Oregon.
Indian students working and in discussion in a classroom.
A child is holding three birds in his hands.
Skier jumps high in front of trees in snowy winter landscape.
A yellow motorcycle drives down the road.
A person is observing photos that are in frames on a wall.
A man on a motorcycle pops a wheelie in the dirt.
African children at a well with one retrieving water by pulling up a bucket.
A brown and white dog bares his teeth in the snow.
An African family gathered outside preparing something in a pot over a fire.
A group of people run down a city street.
A restaurant's booths a brightly lit and surrounded by mirrors.
A skier wearing blue snow pants is flying through the air near a jump.
A special of the day board at a restaurant.
Two hockey teams compete.
Many people are walking along a path next to a long building and trees.
A white dog with a black collar runs in the snow.
A man rows a small dingy laden with green plants on a river.
A few women and children are on a sidewalk.
A woman talks into the hear of a man holding a glass of beer.
A lone skier skiing through the snow.
A teenage boy in rides a hand-railing on a skateboard outside a columned brick building.
A stunt biker leaps into the air beside the setting sun.
A man on a bike in midair
A white dog has caught a stick on the beach beside the ocean.
Three men and a small boy work on a green model train outside.
A woman in black converse walks down the sidewalk on a cold day.
An Asian girl is standing in a crowd wearing red lipstick.
The solitude boat floats on the lake.
Two dogs are on a trail in the woods while two people are looking at them from behind.
Children are playing monopoly together.
Three women in American colonial-style dress sit together and stitch.
A young asian girl stands between two tree trunks.
Three riders wearing black jerseys jump their BMX bikes into the air.
An artist sculpting his statue.
A old woman is holding shopping bags on a busy city street.
A dog playing ball in the sand.
One man in stripes and one in leather pose for the camera in a city.
Two old men wearing winter coat walking through woods.
A man in the dooorway of a bus looking onward.
Two people walking by an old house.
A snowboarder is doing a big jump and is in the air.
A wall with writings from angry protesters in a big city.
There are 5 brown dogs on leashes with their owners nearby.
Three white dogs are near a black llama.
A man in a tuxedo plays a brass instrument in accompaniment with a female piano player.
A blond girl reads the Boy Scout Handbook.
A large brown and white dog is leaping through the hair.
A parade of civil war soldiers playing flutes and drums.
A group of guys playing basketball at a park.
Two women bend over to touch a small kangaroo.
A woman is laying in a bed which has flowers on its blanket.
A cheerful man camps out in the snow with pink flamingos.
A man with sunglasses is sitting on a deck.
A group of dogs are playing together in snow.
A group of people standing in front of a vendor's booth.
A group of men cheer with styrofoam cups.
An oriental woman looks at a small display of cosmetics on a table.
A young girl has a green plastic bib,girl in purple is in the kitchen behind her.
A man wearing glasses and shirt that says "got rocks?" is flipping a pancake out of a frying pan.
A group of people watching a snowboarder perform a trick.
The person in the black shirt performed a stunt in the street while the crowd watched.
A parachute skier lifting off from the ground.
A group of people are standing in front of some stores.
Two guys are in a gym, one watching the other hit a heavy bag.
A man and a young boy are sitting on a step eating oranges.
Three dancers wearing red sashes perform on a darkened stage.
A group of people look at fresh lettuce in at the local street market.
Several people stand outside, singing in blue and green clothing.
Young boy wearing a white bathing suit is jumping up in the pool.
The young dancer marches in the parade.
A boy on a skateboard sliding on a rail.
Two BMX bikers on a muddy course.
A man in red and black is hitting a soccer ball with his head.
A large bird flaps its wings above the water.
A dog runs over the snow carrying a large stick in its mouth.
Baseball player wearing gold helmet with blue jersey and gray pants.
An outfielder about to catch a fly ball.
Two baseball players are exchanging a handshake.
A white and brown dog is running up a grassy hill.
A woman buys a large amount of cat litter from a Walmart store.
A man in jeans and a green shirt works at a hockey rink.
A young child is shouting with people around him.
A bicycle rider takes a daring jump as his friends watch.
A brown dog runs on brown grass.
A baseball player in a blue uniform beats a runner to the base.
A baseball player is running to base.
A man is throwing a ball across the field.
The man in the red shirt is carrying a black bag through the city streets.
An older Asian man wears a black and green jacket and a New York City hat, holding a bicycle rental sign.
Two women in black practising throwing rifles in the air.
A black dog is jumping into the water and catches a stick in its mouth.
An old Asian man wearing a red beanie and blue jacket is smiling.
A crowd of young people are dancing in the dark.
A high school band is walking in a parade.
This large black and white dog is running on the sand.
A bull rider just got flung from a horse.
View of a soccer ball being kicked into a goal net
Two little girls are sitting on a lion statue.
Two boys paddle across the water with fishing nets, one wearing a long-sleeved yellow shirt and the other wearing a baggie hoodie.
A man skis downhill on a mountain.
A woman with dark curly hair and a dark dress is singing and holding a guitar.
A lovely lady playing music.
A woman with black hair with purple streaks in it takes a bite while her companion in a red shirt looks on.
A brown dog running through the dirty muddy grass
A man wearing a sports uniform runs down the field as another follows.
A middle-aged man taking a rest after his trapeze act in the circus.
A woman in a black shirt is putting a spoon into her mouth.
A little girl riding a toy horse during Christmas.
Two women wearing white bathrobes relax on a couch with their feet kicked up on a coffee table.
People dancing in front of instructor
Two women in bathing suits play on the beach.
Two women sitting on a ski lift, with mountains in the background.
A young boy clings to the leg of the marble statue of a bare-chested woman.
An asian woman in a black bikini looks at a mobile phone near the pool.
A black and brown dog wrestle, and a little dog watches.
A blond woman is guessing a brown-haired man on the cheek.
A orchestra practicing and playing music in a hall without an audience.
A man standing in a white shirt is conducting a small group of violin players.
Someone is walking through the snow with snow covered mountains behind them.
People with equipment climbing up a snowy mountain
A boy with dark and a woman in a brown shirt are playing with a purple stuffed toy.
A little girl climbing a ropes apparatus.
Two men walk along a busy city street with words printed on the sidewalk.
A male in a dark colored sweatshirt and standing behind a chair.
A group of people stand sound outdoors, one wearing pink pants and a blue top.
A Notre Dame baseball player running the bases.
Two guys are on a baseball field and one is about to hit the base .a group
A group of people sitting from afar.
With tall glittering white crowns a man and a woman pose together with palm tress and glittery red and white stars in the background.
A man is on a horse in front of an audience.
A person wearing a dress walking along water in the mud.
A worker repairs brick on a chimney.
Skateboarder on a ramp as seen through a chain link fence.
Person sitting at a desk in a library.
A baseball player tries to slide into third base while another player blocks him, as an umpire approaches.
A baseball player in white is swinging at the ball.
A pitcher is getting ready to throw a ball during a baseball game.
One of the players is playing for the Irish team.
Trying to hold on is as much of a good idea as it is a bad one!
The man is filling his car with gasoline.
A man uses a cartridge razor to shave his cheek.
Five old men playing pool
Two women walk in front of a bus to cross the road.
A red tugboat is about to dock at a port.
A dog leaps in the air parallel to a tennis ball.
Two kids running over a sand dune.
A woman is jumping on the top of a hill of sand.
Girls participating in a basketball game in front of a crowd.
Workers create an object out of metal and wood.
Girl in plaid shirt riding a unicycle.
Three men are walking in a row, one behind the other, on a city street in front of a store named "The Odeon".
Group of friends sliding down a sandy hill.
A crosscountry skier grimaces as he climbs a slight incline.
A man wearing a hat sleeping in a large brown chair.
A little girl in bright green is walking on pavement while carrying a bag or box.
Two men are waiting to be interviewed, while another checks the mics.
A woman is scooping ice cream while a man sits at the table next to her.
A woman with long brown hair sits alone in a bar.
A little blond girl in green parka and red rain boots is placing one foot at the edge of a small lake, with wintry trees and an occupied outboard motorboat in the background.
Two bearded men and a woman.
A crowd full of people are holding flags and signs.
Four kids climb a snowy hill, one struggles.
Two men in a an alleyway, one with his hands in his pockets looking one way the other looking behind him.
Twelve people are ready to take off in a hot air balloon.
A man sits on a bench near the beach, tying his shoe.
A man is playing a guitar on the sidewalk.
Two men Nordic ski racing while others watch from behind.
A group of twenty-something men sit around a table.
A person skates along the inside of a long tube.
A surfer is riding on a breaking wave.
A man is riding his bike through a wooded area in the morning.
People on the sidewalk, while a person in the street holds an ax.
A boy is airborne on a bicycle above an urban walkway near a handrail.
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track.
A man with long sleeves is firing a flare pistol at night.
A redheaded woman with a crowd in the background.
Three dogs are in the snow in front of a fence.
A person sitting on a lift over water with another person handing a bag to them.
Boy sitting on a couch staring with a hammer in his hands.
Snowboarders do tricks on mountain.
A person on a motorcycle doing a wheelie off of a rock.
The girl in the yellow dress looks so cute.
A boy and his dog are standing on a trampoline, enjoying each others company.
A young woman washing her car.
A man holds and looks at a product at a grocery store.
A bird, wings outstreached, over the water.
A little girl wearing a yellow dress is sitting on the white rocks.
A child gets ready to slide down the slide.
A woman in a store is holding an item in her left hand while looking away from the camera.
A person jumps a bicycle off a ramp in a barren forest.
Two young women being to cross the street as a yellow school bus passes.
An elderly woman is wearing a pink striped shirt.
Man sitting in a black chair smoking at a restaurant.
People relax in the grass at nighttime during a carnival.
A woman in a black and orange jacket throws a stick for a brown and black dog to fetch.
A large gray and white water bird.
Two dogs play with one another on the grass.
People riding horses on the beach.
People in orange robes line up behind a man wearing sunglasses.
A male skateboarder Takes advantage of the half pipe.
The gray and white dog is running through the snow.
A group of girls is eating out on a deck.
A group of friends play in a lake.
The surfer passes a fellow surfer while paddling into the surf.
A woman on her laptop smiling down at a person in a blue shirt lying next to her.
A woman in a salmon colored shirt speaks and gestures to a man in a green shirt.
A man is parking his bicycle outside a building next to a statue of a man's head.
A woman in a brown shirt talking on a pink mobile.
A person in a raincoat stands in a boat going across the water.
Skier in red jumping high in the air over the snow.
Little brown dog sticking head in a coloful bag filled with cloth.
A girl is sliding into the base during a softball game.
A person cleans up a mess in front of a stage.
A group of people are in the water.
Five men wearing tuxedos jump up in the air in front of a small river
The man and his two kids are about to walk past a person.
Two dogs are barking in a kitchen while a person sits at a table.
This person is parachuting with skis onto a snowy hill.
Two men and two women in jackets walk down a large city street.
Two women talk to each other outside.
A man is in the air upside-down in the snow.
A man is looking at artwork.
A dog is at the top of a blue slide and a little boy is behind him.
A softball player tries desperately to reach her base while the opponent tags her out.
Two women with long hair and large-boned physiques are posing for a camera in front of trees.
A couple men sitting outside of a bar
A person in a plaid shirt takes a picture of a white Vespa bag on some grass.
A young child plays on a beach next to an empty chair.
People are standing in a building that's under construction near 3rd St.
A boy and his pet toad just hanging out.
A man wearing a ha is taking his horse out for a walk.
People eating outside on a very long table.
A man in a blue jumpsuit hangs from a metal pole by a harness.
A small group of people look at an artistic water fountain.
A person sitting in a green chair outside of a building surrounded by trash.
A white male with blond-hair is drinking beer.
A team of soccer players lifts one teammate so that he can reach the ball.
The man with spiky hair sits by a colorful poster.
An old man holds the leash of a white mule dragging a red cart.
A snowboarder grabs his board while midair.
A boy is standing on a snowy hill looking at a sunset or sunrise.
A small dog chases a white ball on the grass
One person wearing a Chinese hat, gardening, while a group of people facing the opposite direction stand behind him.
The skateboarder is turning around while holding onto the ground.
A man in a red sweater holds a child on top of his shoulders.
A blond-haired little boy getting a haircut.
A child with a cowboy hat sits with a guitar on his lap.
A small baby dress in yellow smiles.
The girl is pointing at a geyser
Two dogs run across the woods.
A person wearing a lively outfit dancing on some concrete.
A snowboarder jumps over a barrel.
A man dressed all in white wearing a white mask on his face pretending to be a statue in a plaza.
A man in a collar shirt is holding a babies hand.
A man and his child take a picture with pillows over their heads.
A soaking wet dog is splashing through the water.
A man jumping with a skateboard under a bridge.
People walking in front of the Outdoor World store.
The woman in blue appears to blowing glass while a child looks on.
The boy in the multi-color striped shirt is looking at the red box.
A young man wearing suit, tie, and sunglasses is walking down a sidewalk holding a piece of paper up in reading fashion.
The large brown dog sat on the bed surronded by wrapping paper.
A man is using a machine on the ground in front of a stone peacock.
Dog swimming and splashing through water.
A little boy is watching a little girl in white ride her bike by trees.
A dog licks his nose.
A black and brown dog playing with a stick
A man in jeans holding a bike frame with another man in the background.
Man with orange duffel bag and girl in pigtails push a loaded cart down a sidewalk.
A dog jumps over a bar with a ball in its mouth.
A crane, wings outstreached, above the ocean.
The dog is resting after a game of fetch.
A smiling toddler is sitting in a bathtub with her wet hair pulled into a long, wet spike coming off the top of her head.
A skier doing a trick on pole while being photographed by another man
Two brown dogs playfully fight in the snow.
Two women help a bride with her wedding dress fitting.
A couple of children that are outside, trying on civil war era outfits.
A man is snowboarding down a snowy hill.
A man is sitting on a bike in the middle of the woods.
A man is biking on a hill.
Male with a white shirt and a brown jacket sitting next to a pile of beans.
A Muslim man wearing sunglasses prepares food.
A snowboarder wearing a red jacket is going down a mountain.
A girl is curling in a competition.
Three teenage boys in t-shirts are walking down the street.
A man cleaning at the window glass
A young man lifts a large barbell in a gym.
Two men working on a tug boat.
A female singer dressed in a tan dress pulls a microphone toward her as three musicians playing stringed instruments provide the music.
There is a person playing a guitar.
A mom holding her baby in her lap.
A woman in a white outfut playing tennis.
In an empty fitness center, a woman crouches and prepares to lift a long weight.
Many people decide it's time to eat.
Two women in black have blood on their face and knee.
A tan dog runs along the grass.
Two young Asians, a girl and a boy, dressed up in suits, are sitting at a table and appear to be studying.
A picture of Jim who wears glasses in a lab coat.
Two men shining their customers shoes outside.
Two teams competing in a soccer game.
Fishermen at the sandy beach side by side throwing the net to the ocean.
This man is in a restaurant that has slot machines.
A man in white and green is playing soccer on a field.
Two girls in blue uniforms one girl in white playing soccer.
Two figures stand in a snowy setting wearing white and hot pink outfits, gazing towards a mountain.
People watching air jets in a big event.
An oriental woman wearing a black tunic, leggings and boots, stands outside a produce store.
A biker flies through the air near sand dunes.
A couple gazes in awe at a display at a carnival
A dog catches a toy in the snow.
A little girl pulls on a blanket while a little boy lies on top of it.
Two girls hapily playing in a park.
Three young students sitting at tables in the library working on homework.
A young boy jumps off a rock in the forest
The black and white dog jumps by a log near a creek.
Man and woman in the night dancing with spinning torches in hands.
A man in glasses is sitting behind a table laden with military memorabilia.
Brown and white dog rolling around on the grass.
A woman in a brown vest is walking on the snow with an animal.
There is a dog running along the beach.
A man in sunglasses, a red striped sweater, and a leather jacket smiles and points his finger.
Two men working on there apple laptops.
Wet brown dog, jumping out of the water.
A uniformed man watches a train speed by.
Two workers with yellow hard hats and blue working clothes are cleaning a parking lot.
A man in dark clothes leaning off of a building entrance with upraised arms.
A boy on a skateboard grinding down a handrail.
A basketball player drives to the hoop.
A male basketball player is holding onto the rim of a basketball goal.
Two teams playing rugby in the ground.
A football player in red is getting hit by a player in white.
Two women soccer players competing in a game.
The man on the left is looking at the woman and the man.
Three young children riding on a donkey drawn cart.
A man wearing a black shirt and eyeglasses is raising his hands while seated at a poker table.
Two basketball players on opposing teams longing for the ball.
An athletic basketball player is coming down from dunking the ball.
Many people are witnessing a football player catching the ball
A football player in a green and gold uniform cradles the ball as he leaps over an opposing player.
Young women playing a intense game of lacrosse.
A lacrosse player celebrates with a teammate.
A toddler swings back very high.
People in a school cafeteria with a boy in the foreground wearing yellow and brown stripes
Two young women posing and holding each other in closeup.
A brown and white dog on a trampoline with a forest in the background.
A man with a black hat is standing and shading his eyes.
A person wearing a gray jacket and sunglasses poses for the camera.
Two women with a baby stroller in a fancy restaurant.
A martial artist lands a blow to the thigh of his opponent while a referee throws up his hand.
A man in a sweater is playing darts.
A contingent of bagpipers walk down a street in a parade.
Person with skis and a dog are standing in the snow.
A man on a yellow surfboard rides an easy wave.
Two people working on a ladder to get something from a tree.
A boy on a skateboard is riding on a stone wall
A bicyclist rides on ramps.
A woman in a dark shirt and glasses looks at a digital camera.
Two men that are in a match with one another.
Two guys, both wearing white suits one with a black belt the other one with a black and red belt, they are having a match.
Man in a yellow kayak is paddling through the rapids.
A dog playing in the snow with a white ball.
A woman in a pink shirt looks at the water.
The dancer gets her final makeup before going out on stage.
Elderly man in wheelchair begging for handout
An person runs at the waters edge at the ocean.
A man is performing a handstand on the beach.
A group of friends play instruments in the middle of the woods.
A man is sleeping on a bench outside.
Crowd of people in street lined with tall tan buildings.
An adult smiles with a child on a swing.
A black dog fighting with a brown dog in the snow.
A man wearing a bowtie and glasses poses for a photo.
Two young men stand holding a sign against a wall.
Dressing in black, a person sits on a bridge.
Two women with their arms around each other smile into the camera.
A man holding a drink poses with a woman.
A man is throwing a small white ball at some red cups.
A man and a woman are laid back relaxing on the couch.
An Asian boy and girl walking amongst a crowd with trees over their path.
Man playing a brown and white electric guitar.
A tennis player getting ready to backhand the ball in a tennis match.
A black dog jumps down a snowy hill.
A group of people with gloves on working on large colorful squares.
A family sitting in front of a cream house on the porch steps.
A band of five young adult males performing next to a window.
Five people are outside in a park-like area and one of them is reaching for a hand swing.
A lone protester in a black jacket on the sidewalk.
People sitting on chairs overlooking a steep rocky incline.
A person is jumping over a house on skis.
This is a small stamp with blue skies and white lines with green bushes.
A brown dog digging a hole in front of a plant
A little boy on a green sled at night.
A big, brown dog is shaking off while in the water.
A wet dog emerges from deep water.
A group of young boys in blue swimming suits attempt to jump into a pool to their swimming instructors.
A paraskier is landing on a mountain.
A woman sorts things on a bright blue cloth.
A young man rolling up the sleeves on his sweater.
A man is using a leaf blower to get leaves off the sidewalk
A woman with a red basketball jersey is holding a basketball and looking up.
Two women sit at desks in a large room with white walls.
A boy holding a soda can in a waterfall
A surfer is riding a wave in a large body of water.
A solitary man is walking in a cemetery.
A white dog in a river is chasing a duck
A dog wearing an orange jacket is laying in the snow
A group of asian girls dressed in pink and purple posing in a straight line
A person in protective equipment riding a dirt bike.
A man on a sled is pulled through the snow by his dogs.
Redheaded girl in the backyard sitting on a seesaw.
A group of people sit outside a restaurant at a ski lodge.
Three men wearing green t-shirts do a street performance.
A large gray bird with yellow legs flies near the water.
A girl in pink smiling for the camera.
A girl in pink socks jumping with her hands in the air.
A woman in holds a coconut in front of an interested dog.
A young boy in a striped sweatshirt and jeans running in the grass.
A man sits on a bench with some bags.
During an ice hockey game, a man tries to make a goal.
Girls wearing costumes stand around, one smiles.
Two dogs run through dirt and weeds.
A dog walks through the snow.
A black and white dog is running across a snow covered field.
A dog jumps through water.
Two young women talking at a table in a cafe.
A couple is kissing on a bridge.
A guy making a snowboarding move on a slope.
A small child chasing a pidgin.
A black and a brown dog are walking through the woods.
Two women are sitting at a table with empty glasses in front of them.
A dog with a stick in his mouth runs in a forest.
A dancing troupe of African American youngsters doing a choreographed move.
A row of birds is sitting in front of a gray cloud.
Someone is looking at the beautiful view of the city.
A man in the middle of the section for women's lifestyle magazines reads a magazine that declares "I 'm Pregnant!"
A black limo is parked next to a crowded staircase.
A lady wearing a butcher's apron is singing on a stage while her band plays behind her
A barefooted guy in an orange shirt and black pants jumping on a trampoline in a cage.
A bunch of dogs are competing in a race.
A carnival midway at night.
A man in a green shirt is lying on the grass with a bandanna over his eyes, next to a black bird.
A guy is driving a three wheeled motorcycle.
A child is performing with a toy while on stage with a colorful balloon backdrop.
A group of people walking across a street
A group of children are talking to an official.
A man with a red Spain shirt and a woman with purple streaks in her hair.
A biker speeds down a dirt path in the woods.
A dog jumps out of a creek.
Several children in outfits are in a dark room, and two of them are holding onto ropes in the air.
A girl wearing a purple shirt and tan shorts is posed in a dance move.
A white dog tries to catch a tennis ball high in the air.
A smiling man with a headphones and a gray mustache
A little blond girl is wrapped up in a Care Bears blanket with Christmas paper behind her.
A pelican diving towards the water with feet out.
A teenage boy does tricks on his skateboard in an area with much graffiti.
A man kayaking down rapids.
An Asian female tennis player preps for return of volley on a greet and purple court.
Man in multicolor trunks riding a surfboard on a wave.
A child sits on a curb with inline skates and protective gear.
The people in the red parasail are gliding over the water.
A man is riding a board in the ocean and is being pulled from above.
A girl performing a rhythmic gymnastics routine.
Subway workers use ladders to check out a possible problem as a red subway car flies by.
Fisherman wearing a poncho and hat sitting at the edge of the water.
A dog stands up to his elbows in snow.
Three people stand on a path through the woods.
A snowboarder flips upside down with a snow covered hill in the background.
Two female gymnast working up before their turn is up.
A boy is reading a comic book in front of a red chair and a grill.
Dirt bike rider getting ready to start down the slope.
Guys wearing yellow, red, and blue are running in the grass.
A man in a brown vest and glasses plays with a brown dog.
A girl in a dress walks while a family stands in the background.
A young boy trying to play hacky sack.
Two girls are jumping up high in front of the pine trees.
Old man teaching little kid to drive.
A young woman in a black tank-top looking and running away from something behind her.
A young child sitting in a mess of paint.
Two dogs are playing and rolling around with each other in the grass.
A man riding a bucking bull at a rodeo.
Children play in the sand surrounded by a sand structure with a lot of window like openings.
A woman on a bike stops to talk to a gentlemen sitting on a chair on the sidewalk.
A dog runs with another dog in the background holding a ball in its mouth.
A parade of bagpipers walk through a city street.
An equestrian rider is on a horse jumping over a plane that is on the ground.
A man shows off his exibit to many people.
This man, wearing a blue headband and white shirt, is playing tennis.
Two men in sunglasses sit at a table drinking beer.
A dog is running in the snow carrying a red Frisbee.
Multiple musicians playing at a formal social gathering along with two dancers performing.
A man and boy is looking for something on the ground.
Children and adults in bright colored clothes are dancing.
A young dalmatian wears a hat next to a tree.
A lady in a plaid dress strokes her white dog's face.
A boy works on a project in shop class.
The man wearing blue jean shorts is grilling.
A lacrosse player is looking at an object in the sky that is not the ball.
A group of young boys are playing lacrosse outside.
A woman and a young girl are sitting down and smiling.
A grown man wears an outfit made of a Spider-Man bedspread.
A girl in a hoodie takes a nap with her black dog.
Skateboarder in green shirt doing tricks in air.
Three children in a village stand under an awning
A man with a blue bag is exiting a city bus.
Four people, two in green uniforms and two in red uniforms, are playing a game of lacrosse.
A man in a blue shirt is spinning a clay bowl.
A man in a light blue shirt with a yellow and black scarf is making a clay plate.
A man in a red sweatshirt pushes a giant redwood tree in a snowy forest.
A young man in black and white striped shirt rests on the grass while traffic passes nearby on the road.
Two females with eyeglasses walking in the street arm in arm.
Two small children stand next to a window display.
A bunch of people watching a child in the bathtub.
A man is sitting on a bench in front of an abandoned building.
A bride having a photo shoot outdoors around lots of people.
Golfer in a white cap putting into a hole while surrounded by onlookers and other golfers.
A black dog running in grass.
A yellow dog is running in a field near a mountain.
A dark brown dog standing on construction equipment.
A tennis player gets ready to return the ball.
Tennis player getting ready to play tennis.
A man wearing a white hat swings his arm back to throw.
A man is swinging his club in a game of golf.
A man in a red kayak pedalling through a wave
Man giving lecture to interested people in front of a clue statue.
Two men and a woman downing shots at a bar.
A couple stadning with their children getting baptized by a priest.
A man in a hat and jacket standing on the sidewalk with a pile of trash in front of him.
Men sit outside under a tree in full bloom.
People in the kitchen at a party with food and drink.
Two small girls playing in a multicolored ball pen.
A teenager in striped shorts is leaping into the air on the beach.
Kayak rider raises arms as he's splashed with water.
A man in black is applauding a runner wearing a red jersey and the number 281.
A large group of people watching a person climbing a pole.
A man in a blue shirt lifts up his tennis racket and smiles.
A teen boy doing a bicycle trick on a bike ramp
The boy is standing on the playground equipment in the blue triangle.
A man kissing a boy in the back of a van.
A child displays two toys while sitting in a VW bus.
Two blue inflatable rafts are involved in a collision on white water.
A light brown dog jumps over a hurdle indoors.
An individual is skiing down a mountain slope.
A beaver on the shore of a stream.
Serena Williams hitting a ball in an orange outfit
Two runners wearing racing bibs climbing over a tree lying across the trail.
Guy and girl looking at each other playfully as they sit on chairs.
Man in brown and red checkered button up shirt and blue jeans makes a male and female laugh.
A child running through a field of yellow flowers.
Some people are standing in a room around a circular reception desk.
Woman playing tennis in a bright orange outfit.
Four women stop along a walkway to look at an area beyond the fence.
An indian family riding on a motorbike on the street.
A brown dog wearing an orange collar leaping to catch a bright colored ball.
A child playing with some yarn.
Parade of cheerleaders wearing black, pink and white uniforms.
A man in a suit leaps toward his bride.
Two officers ride their horses down a street bordering a green and yellow park.
A woman is talking to a little girl playing a game.
A person with red-hair and a black shirt is standing outside, talking and gesturing with hands.
A person is sitting on the edge of a rock cliff.
Two dogs grasp a red object at once.
A tennis player moving for a shot.
A man with the tennis racket is wearing a blue headband and blue wristbands and playing tennis.
A boy hits a tennis ball on a court.
A tennis player is running on the court with his racquet in his hand.
A boy in a Mets jersey poses on his bike.
Many people are sitting in a park watching a chess game.
A horse race on a grass track
The students sitting on the grass are eating a lunch from a red backpack.
A boy is brake dancing as a crowd watches.
The tennis player gets ready to hit the ball that is almost at him.
A man in a blue headband playing tennis.
A person holding a tennis racket hits a yellow tennis ball.
People shop around an outdoor system of stores.
A small boy wearing a red helmet rides his bicycle down a patterned path.
The photo is taken of two people walking between cars in a street.
A couple of men playing street ball.
Five people overlook the beautiful town.
Several men in biohazard suits carrying a human looking doll on a rolling bed
A father launches his daughter in an Oceanside pool.
Several young boys playing soccer in front of a huge brown wooden door
A group of people riding on the bed of a truck along a gravel road.
A woman hugs a man at an evening event.
Children play in front of a large door.
A grown man and a topless girl are dancing.
A girl in pink polka dots looks at a horse.
A girl wearing an hat and holding an iPod sits on the side of a building.
Two adults talk while a cloud of smoke fills the background.
Two people looking at a light exhibit of some sort.
The old man is wearing glasses, a scarf, and a hat.
A boy performing a wall trick with his bicycle on a wall covered with graffiti.
A boy holds a fishing net.
A male tennis player standing on a tennis court swings his tennis racket at the tennis ball.
Two young bespectacled young women, one of which is blow drying her hair.
A man climbs up a rock while others wait for their turns.
The boat-man is working on an uncompleted boat.
A man is using a tool on these long pieces of wood.
The tennis player spikes the tennis ball on the boundary line.
A climber with a blue hat is scaling an icy rock cliff.
The person is jumping through the air on skis.
Two musicians, a woman in black playing the piano, and a man in a black suit playing the flute.
People standing and walking in a flea market.
An Asian woman is at a market stall that is selling bananas.
A man is doing a stunt outside on his bike
A child in a red and gray coat in front of a wooden shed.
A brown and black dog runs over the green grass.
A small boy is jumping off of a brick wall onto a table below.
Man puts his feet up on a desk.
A man in a blue shirt is building a boat out of wood in a cramped work space.
A man climbing the icicles on a rock face.
A man in a green sweater is attempting to cut something in a kitchen.
A man sitting on a porch selling red goods.
One woman sitting on a sidewalk with others to the side and behind her.
A man with a helmet is going snowmobiling.
Two dogs run two a pond on a winter day.
A brown dog standing in water.
Two cowboys rope a steer from horseback in an indoor corral.
A cowboy on a horse ropes a steer.
Two little girls on a trampoline and a playhouse is behind them.
Three dogs play in the shallows next to a rocky shore.
Young people, both girls and boys jumping high into the air on the street they are going down.
Two people are walking onto a stepping stone path.
Person with a blue and black suit is surfing.
A man and two women on one motorcycle.
A repairman hangs above a wide screen tv suspended just below the ceiling in a cathedral or museum.
A man standing in front of a counter looking a prepared food.
A race car on a track has flames shooting from the rear.
Several mischievous kids play with toy guns in a public area.
A black great Dane running toward the camera in a backyard
A man and a woman sitting on the shore looking at the scenery
Group of people pick up something that is on fire.
A dog lies on his back on a road.
A skateboarder is riding a skateboard along a metal railing in front of a concrete building.
A small group of people sitting together outside.
A group of people with a fire engine in the background.
A woman applies makeup to a man's face on the set.
Two ladies are sitting in the restaurant talking and laughing.
A Jewish family having a meeting.
A girl with a white shirt and black belt is dancing wildly with two female friends.
A group of men walk along a road divided with yellow ropes.
Four Korean men are sitting on a bench and one of them is taking on his cellphone.
Dog running in a field.
A construction worker installing a window in a building with a turquoise door.
A man is standing and discussing with his colleagues
One man sitting alone reading a paper in a factory room.
Three men wearing red prevention vests stand ready.
A man in a hat holding a tool stands next to a horse hitched to a sled filled with hay in a hilly area.
A man jumping of the wall of a large graffitied wall.
A group of six people sit around a silver conference table with notebooks and pens.
This person is sitting on a teal bench reading a newspaper.
A shaggy dog runs down a dirt trail in a lush forest.
A man holding a guitar and speaking into a microphone.
Artists in white reach towards the audience.
A man dressed in white plays a guitar.
A large cruise ship passes by a beach where sunbathers recline under yellow umbrellas.
The gray dog sits quietly, dressed in a blue track jacket.
A dog trying to bite a man who is training him
A woman playing softball has caught a ball and is falling down.
A black dog with a blue collar is sitting on beige carpet.
A dog catches a colored ball while standing in the grass.
Three dogs racing on a grass track wearing different colored jerseys.
A man asleep in a chair in front of a full bookshelf
A girl is playing a red flute while another girl holds a pink guitar.
Two bmx riders racing on a track
Two women with dark hair are standing together outside of a bus.
A child in a red jacket holding up two fingers.
A white dog is pouncing on a brown dog in a fenced in backyard.
Two bearded men stand behind a case filled with cigars.
A large truck parked near a garage that says perfumes on the front.
Two hockey players trying to get the puck.
Two horses are attached to a carriage with a dog and man inside, and a woman standing next to it.
Two women riding in a motorcycle they are both wearing helmets
Two people in red and white uniforms on matching striped motorcycles stop in a plaza beside a tall wall of concrete steps.
Three men climbing on each other wearing yellow and brown shirts.
A man in a black t-shirt is jumping something on his orange bike.
Several people waiting for their turn to order food.
A family is enjoying a meal together, while their 4 dogs are all enjoying a nap on the floor circling around the table.
Two African women preparing a meal.
A brown dog wearing a pink shirt is followed by a brown dog wearing a yellow shirt.
A white furry dog is running through leaves.
Four men do a dance on stage together.
A child holding a gold rabbit stares at a P-shaped cookie.
A basketball player is jumping and about to dunk a ball in front of a crowd.
A child in purple pants is running.
A brown dog jumping in the air
A black dog running towards the camera.
A young woman in a gray shirt sweeps her doorway with a broom.
Middle eastern cooks in white uniforms prepare food.
An old person is sitting in a plush chair with a huge white dog laying on top of him or her.
A small dog runs with a brown ball in its mouth.
The child is carrying a basket of colored eggs and bending over with an egg in his hand.
During a baseball game a Dodgers player is declared safe.
Food is being served to a table where a woman in a blue blazer sits.
Two black dogs play in snow.
A person riding a skateboard jumps high above the concrete steps.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
Woman in blue outfit and boots stands behind muddy Toyota truck with backpack near bushes.
Bicyclists stay in a line as each wear different color suits.
A brown dog leaps over a red ramp at an agility park.
Two men with heads down signing a paper.
A race car driver stands up with his hand pointing in the air.
Guitarist strums while on stage under a spotlight
An Asian woman is looking at a black jacket.
An elderly man is buying food at an Asian market.
There is a older child riding a red rubber ball tied onto a blue rope and is swing from it.
A hiker with a backpack wades in a river.
A young couple sits on a couch and smiles for the camera.
Little boy enjoying a day at the park
Two dogs, one lying down, play in a yard.
A man playing the violin while he reads his musical notes.
A woman sits on a blue bench in front of a cobblestone wall between two trees.
A child slides down a green slide.
A guy with glasses and a beard in a suit is surrounded by photographers.
Two boys watch a seal in an aquarium.
An Asian woman in a red patched shirt carrying two watermelons down a sidewalk.
Two people are fencing.
A person skis in the snow, snow flies behind.
A man on a rocky peak.
Four musicians sit in a semi-circle on a stage and play their stringed instruments.
Five men in blue and black uniforms pose for a picture.
A black-blue insect flying over a white flower.
An older gentleman and an elderly lady are talking to two younger ladies in uniform on an urban street.
Old man in a hat cuts wood with a saw while outside.
A dog leaps over a fence.
A person sits with their back against a white wall with a tan dog.
A man in white playing an instrument outside.
A man works a small ice cream stand that says "Sorvette e Gelados" on the side.
A food vendor happily serves his hungry customers.
A man leans sideways on a soap box racer in the middle of a jump.
Young Asian girl is sitting on the ground in rubble.
An elderly woman is reading a paper in an office.
Man making kissing face for the camera, while another man looks on.
A girl in a pink snowsuit splashes into dirty flood water next to a picnic table.
Seven soccer players in a green field wearing red jerseys.
A woman cuts the dreadlocks off of a young man with black hair.
A man sleeping on the grass under a green blanket.
Two people are riding a ski lift with mountains behind them.
People are walking in the street near a giant bull statue.
A group of people stand on a stage and hold colorful buckets.
A older woman cleaning the window of a door.
Two men stand on a cliff top overlooking a sandy beach.
A woman in a white apron balances a basket on her head.
The dog is running with a yellow ball in his mouth.
Skateboarder in jeans and t-shirt performing jump.
Two men are inside cooking over a fire.
Group of young adults with buckets and soaking wet on street.
A little girl in a red dress and cape holds a large tennis racquet.
A man looking through a pair of binoculars.
A person in gray snowboarding down a hill.
A man is painting beside a building.
A boy in orange shirt and blue jeans is jumping on the slide while others watches him
Three people sit on a bench under palm trees.
A child smiles happily as he holds onto a metal bar.
Boys at a party drawing on their friend's back with a black marker.
People eating at a long table full of food and drink.
Six African children sitting at two tables.
The girl has pink pants and a polka dot jacket on.
People walking along the beach on a sunny day.
A boy in a blue shirt hammers at the ground.
An elderly man is standing on the edge of a train platform.
A girl in a pink skirt runs holding a her sister.
Two men sit on a chairlift.
A group of people have a candlelight vigil in honor of saving trees.
A pregnant protester holding up a pro-America sign.
A man in jeans &amp; a cowboy hat holds up a sign.
A man mowing a lawn at a commercial property.
Muzzled greyhounds are racing along a dog track at night.
A man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle.
A dark dog is competing in a dog show competition.
Bike racer number 661 wrecks on dirt racetrack.
A boy helps to push a young girl on the swing.
A young girl with a green t-shirt and blond-hair.
A black dog is running through a snow covered area while holding something green in his mouth.
Man snowboarding down a mountain.
A man does a bike trick on a dirt path.
Two small children happily playing on a tire swing.
Two people, dressed in long robes, are shown in a small rowboat in the water.
The man is skateboarding over a log in the snow.
A man wearing no shirt skateboarding on the street
Young adults sitting on the stairs talking.
A man riding a motorcycle while wearing a black uniform.
A man is cutting something above a sink.
Multiple people around a county fair with several attractions including a fortune telling machine called Grandmas prediction.
A guy underwater in blue swimming shorts playing dead.
A construction worker is taking a break while leaning on a yellow bar.
A young man in a brown jacket pushes a rolling food cart.
A small child in red throws a disc.
Two skinny white dogs with two standing men in baseball caps
A large, white bird skates across the top of some water.
A person in a red jacket riding a mountain bike.
A black dog wearing a collar running across the beach.
A young child in a green shirt is on a carousel.
People are walking by a bright carousel; some people are sitting.
A young girl holding a stuffed pig smiles.
Two girls play on a set of parallel bars.
A woman in black and white is on a bicycle.
A choir in red uniforms singing in front of a business.
A man and a dog play with a yellow ball.
A man with a gray hat painting a scene of people in the park.
Dog running away from woman on the seashore.
Brown dog jumping over a bar on a grassy field.
A dog jumps over a red and white gate.
A woman is waving to the crowd as she rides a roller coaster.
A young boy is sitting on the floor putting on his sneaker.
A person riding a four wheel ATV over a jump.
A barefoot child climbs at the jungle gym.
A child sleeping on the concrete on some sort of blanket covered with coats.
A skateboarder in midair while doing a jump.
Brown and white dog is trotting across dirt with trees in the background.
A motocross racer in green and a helmet racing in the dirt.
A woman holding a microphone speaks to a man wearing a white shirt.
A bearded collie jumps over bars at an agility test course.
A man in a black hat holds a small girl on his shoulders.
A young boy is sitting in a green tunnel
The young girl is swinging on a swing, and her hair is flying out behind her.
A guy skiing down the snowy slope.
A young girl is flying a kite in a field beside a lot of buildings.
Man bowling in a dimly lit bowling alley.
A young girl in her school uniform dances in a water sculpture in the middle of a crowded public square.
A young boy falling into a body of water.
A young man sits on a cliff, watching the ocean.
A barefooted kid does a trick on his skateboard.
Asian baby wearing a sweater and sitting in a highchair playing with a SpongeBob toy.
A line of spectators at a race.
A couple of people are riding ATV's on a dirt track.
Two men work together on a construction project.
A man carries a baby on his shoulder in the rain in a big asian city.
A town of village shoppers and onlookers enjoy the beautiful day.
A woman in a burgundy coat exits Trader Joe's with a cart full of groceries.
The motocross rider wearing blue and black pants.
A boy is kneeling under a statue of bear that has a painting of a man on its back.
Three older people stand in front of an avrovulcan.com sign.
A woman swimmer in a pool gets splashed by her teammate swimming past.
A man is rock climbing without gear.
Three children are playing on a swing in the garden.
A girl floating in the ocean on a beautiful day.
A climber is climbing under an overhang high above the ground.
A bicyclist is jumping on ramp covered with graffiti.
A woman is jogging while listening to her iPod.
A boy in blue clothing is riding a bicycle.
A boy has done a back flip into a swimming pool while another boy watches.
A long-distance shot of a beach with people and animals.
Two girls who are playing dress-up hamming it up for the camera.
A young man in a park preparing to catch a Frisbee.
A black and white dog is playing in a pond or creek.
A woman watches a girl play in an urban fountain.
There is a young man in the middle of a complicated dance, and his friends are cheering him on.
A group of people posing in a concert area.
A man with glasses and a gray shirt is on a crowded street.
A cyclist in a yellow helmet is biking through the woods in fall.
Three dogs run along a grassy yard.
Three friends hanging out mid jump on a beach.
A girl with a white backpack is standing and smaller children are sitting in a row on the ground.
A young boy is yawing as a woman talks to him.
A crowd is gathering in a town square.
Several multicolored dogs running through the grass.
A man on a harness in the middle of climbing through a cave.
A woman holds a child dressed in blue.
A boy is looking through the flap of a red and white tent.
Man with poultry on a table.
Men in camouflage pants racing across a parking lot.
A red-haired girl is jumping by a swan.
A man in a black vest and white button-up sits with a woman in a striped sweatshirt.
A dog is running during a competition.
A young blond-haired girl gets her haircut by someone in a yellow blouse holding a white comb.
A man jumps over a brown chair while skateboarding.
Racing car marked TEAM PENSKE on track, banners and spectators in background.
The people have paint on them.
A woman in an orange shirt is looking up at a man standing on a balcony.
A man and women sitting at a restaurant or bar.
A crouching white man in a yellow shirt looks down from on top of a wooden structure.
A teacher helping a student at a computer station.
A man in shorts walks a big brown dog and a woman pushing a baby carriage walks right behind him.
Two children in a raft on a water slide.
A child in purple clothing is playing with a toy inside a yard with other toys and a fence.
A woman walks a baby stroller on a quaint trail.
There are 2 men dressed in stripes sitting under a green umbrella.
A woman is being photographed as she stands next to an artistic monument.
A brown dog running on the beach near the ocean.
This person is cleaning the building using a green bucket.
A man is having his teeth inspected by a dentist.
A woman is sitting on a rock at the edge of some water.
A muzzled dog in a race, with four dogs following.
Three men sit on floor in green room.
A crowd is watching a group of fire dancers perform.
Man jumping out of a helicopter into the ocean.
A group of boys sits near the sidewalk and two are smiling while one makes a face.
A brown dog is gallopsing through the grass.
Children looking through magazines they have folded into tubes
The rugby players play on a field.
A new bride dressed in white throws a bouquet to waiting females behind her.
A race car with a cloud of dust behind it
Two adults stand up on a bus and watch out the front window.
A man in a brown jacket stands on a bus.
A group of performers sing and work to entertain the audience.
Two men with tan hats working in a garden.
A man wearing blue jean, white shirt drawing up a line out of the water.
A blond woman at the beach jumping around as she is enjoying her youth and freedom.
A crowd of people is facing the same direction while some hold their hands in the air.
A bow does a trick on his skateboard at a skate park.
This is a little girl, standing in front of a sliding board, blowing bubbles.
A boy wearing headphones poses in kitchen display
A man in a red shirt, with two women and another man standing in some sort of marketplace.
A man stabs a bull in a bullfight.
A male doing a trick in the air on his bike.
Little girl with knit cap, smelling flowers.
A man in a shirt sitting on playground equipment.
People stop to take in the scenery of the bridge.
A man is standing on the passenger side of a black car.
Two dogs race across a field on a sunny day.
The girl dressed in pink and white, and wearing a knit cap, is reaching toward a flowering tree.
People sit around a table laid out with food.
A pitcher on a mound throws a baseball.
A little girl is playing near a hay bale.
A little girl in a gray shirt smiles as she brushes her teeth with a yellow and orange toothbrush.
A black and white dog running from under a yellow cover with a person behind them.
A group of people in blue clothing relax on yellow machinery.
A man is standing next to a yellow vehicle.
This family needs a rest after their long walk so they stop at the park to feed the pigeons.
A woman and several men wear face masks on a subway.
Two males are wrestling on a blue mat.
A girl in green is jumping on concrete.
Three baseball players in motion; one sliding into a base, another running in the background.
Here are young boys skating boarding in a service drive.
A toddler in a white and yellow outfit is reaching for a yellow paper Japanese lantern on a wooden fence.
A dog running on a beach.
A small girl wearing a yellow dress rocking in a tiny white chair.
A church assembly is listening to a choir perform.
A person in yellow is riding a dirt bike on a dirt path.
A brown dog carries a long stick on the green grass.
The girl wearing a blue shirt is running through a science center.
A woman sitting on a bench reading a book.
Seven girls pose a group picture, with three girls wearing ties, and five girls wearing dresses
Workers at Basking Robbins are very busy.
A bunch of guys in black play paintball.
The field hockey player takes a digger in a match.
A woman carrying an orange bag is walking down the street with her white dog.
A man and a woman are jogging down the sidewalk.
An Asian woman holds up her hands and the girl next to her watches.
Two men sit behind a shiny black counter wearing matching black suits and purple shirts.
A group of people are standing around dj equipment including a record player and a sound machine.
A woman in a light colored dress is singing to an audience.
A tennis player in a white shirt is hitting the ball.
The man in shorts is serving the tennis ball.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt and black shorts is about to hit a volleyball.
A woman carries a volleyball.
A man in sunglasses and a baseball cap jumps for a yellow-striped volleyball.
A man on a mountain bike outdoors.
A man wearing a shirt and tie, looks perplexed as he navigates through a crowd.
A black and brown dog eyeing a fly.
A man and woman are talking at an outdoor flea market where art is on display.
A girl wearing a headband is carrying a pink sign on the street.
A man with an unusual hairstyle in a t-shirt carries two plates of food.
An man with a green shirt and white shorts is playing volleyball.
Many people are gathered and the group in the foreground is conversing with drinks and their coolers nearby.
A snowboarder does a trick on a half pipe.
A man rides his bicycle through some grass in a wooded area.
A man mountain biking with a blue helmet
A man in a yellow outfit racing his bike in the wilderness.
A group of people stand and wait to see something.
A man takes a picture of another two men in a crowd.
A woman in a gray shirt is stretching in an outdoor park area.
Workers in vests and hard hats work on the street in a busy city.
Three men stand in a glass area.
A child dressed in a blue shirt and cap is carrying a soccer ball.
A little girl in a hat climbing a kiddie wall.
A man with glasses hs food in his hands.
A man painting a city scene.
A girl stands on the grass holding a rolling box wearing a white lawn hat and sunglasses.
A man in a brown shirt, had and shoulder bag standing with two coolers.
A man and woman are in the kitchen and a package of Challenge butter is in the foreground.
People in homemade clothing sit at desks.
Three small children and a woman are paddling down a river surrounded by thick vegetation.
A band is performing on stage.
Soccer players all gathered on a field for a game.
The big black dog is behind the little black dog.
A boy wearing a red shirt on a skateboard jumps up some stairs
A bicyclist is performing a trick on a tall tree.
A group of kids are playing on a tire swing.
A group of people rest on a rail in a shopping center.
A vendor, wearing a large-brimmed tan hat, is sitting on a stool next to his wares.
Several people sitting, relaxing in the snow.
A skateboarder catches big air at the skate park.
The little girl wearing pink is having fun bungee jumping.
The black and brown dog is rolling in the grass.
A Chinese restaurant employee giving a food workshop.
A young woman reading an issue of people magazine.
A female jumps with arms and legs spread near a dwelling.
Two men are fly-fishing in a low murky pond.
Two young boys wrestling while an adult male looks on.
Two girls are dancing and one has paper in her hand.
Woman in black working at a fish market.
This wedding photo shows the wedding party, in purple and white, gathered outside.
Two dogs race on a track.
The boy is wearing blue sunglasses and jumping by a yellow rail.
A man chases an opposing player in a Rugby match.
A dancer on a stage is performing a move that involves her fellow dancers standing behind her and sticking out their arms so that it looks like she has multiple arms.
A woman is playing a music game in an arcade.
A woman with sunglasses on her head and standing in front of an art display.
An older man is sitting at his desk, which is in front of a shop, reading cards.
Two kids are playing in a field of red flowers.
Three well-dressed children are sitting on a bench and smiling.
A man pulling two kids on a sled on a snow covered road.
A rodeo rider is riding a bucking horse in an arena.
A girl in a pink outfit looks through luggage in a tent city.
A man navigating a watercraft under partly cloudy skies.
An older woman walks by a wall with the help of a cane.
A group of refugees and sitting next to their tents.
Two soldiers are going into a tent with men and women watching them.
A black pitbull dog is running through the dirt.
A man walks on a meandering street with a rainbow in the sky.
Two motorcyclist racing around a track
A clown with colorful pants sitting on a bench of a old building.
A surfer catches a good sized wave.
A man is near water in a city and is dressed in a wetsuit, snorkel mask, and helmet.
A man looking to the left walking down the street.
A boy is riding a scooter down the concrete path.
A group of children are holding a rope.
Two men are jumping off of a picnic table, with a rock wall and forest in the background.
A young girl blowing on a dandelion puff.
A small girl in blue shirt walking alone in a yellow parking lot.
People hold cardboard frames in front of their faces.
Four girls are dancing in matching outfits at a street festival.
Two dogs run across the barren ground.
A person in a white helmet is standing next to a ladder.
Some people are dressed in classical European attire, while holding books and a drum.
An asian man with a black hat is holding a small asian girl in her arms.
A dog lays on his back with a favorite tennis ball in his mouth.
Players in red uniforms on the bench during a hockey game.
A woman jumping over a hurdle during a race.
A naked child is crawling on the beach in front of a horse and a man.
Two small children wearing long sleeves are standing in the grass.
A small dog with a toy in its mouth is jumping over a pole.
Two men during a football game
A young girl is playing in a fountain of water.
A girl playing softball takes a strike.
The first baseman diving to catch a throw, while the runner touches first base in a softball game
Three people play baseball on a field at a park.
A woman and two young men, standing close to one another.
A girl steps off the mound after throwing the first pitch out at a baseball game.
A woman eating with chopsticks sits in front of butchered raw meat.
A man looking out the back of his car looking at a yellow van behind
A leashed dog is in the backyard of someone's home.
Two black dogs playing in the grass.
A rugby player in black is pushing his way through a player in red whilst carrying the ball.
Three men wearing plaid shirts are cutting wood.
A restaurant worker wearing an orange shirt putting ketchup and mustard on sandwich bread.
A snowboarder doing a one-handed armstand.
Three children are sitting at the top of a flight of steps.
A blue Subaru rally car turning a corner with spectators.
A tan dog and a black dog fighting inside a fenced yard.
A man and a boy are playing in the sand.
A man in a leather coat looking into the restaurant watching 2 girls.
A brown dog on the grass next to a pond.
Two adult couples are placing their bets on a casino table.
A woman in green skates through a street fair.
A toddler child peaks his head up from behind a large brown package.
People are watching a race car speed thorugh the dirt.
A dark brown dog jumps behind a young girl in shorts.
Older woman with cleavage puts on mascara seductively in the mirror.
A lone bicyclist jumping on his bike in front of a graffitied wall.
A dolphin pokes above the water.
A young lady is making a purchase from a man with a push cart.
Man in striped shirt with gloves on welding machinery.
Four people in a vegetation field, background appears to be in India.
A man drinks orange juice and walks outside.
Young blond-haired, blue-eyed boy plays on a rope course at a playground.
A little kid holding a yellow and red soccer toy.
A group of workers are in a field planting wheat for the year.
A band consisting of a female bassist, a male face-painted guitarist, and an average-looking vocalist rock out on stage.
A man, holding a baby and smiling, sitting in the pews of a church.
A pitcher wearing the number eight is going through the pitching motion.
An umpire watches closely as a left-handed pitcher throws a pitch from the mound.
A young women with a pink mask over her face.
A child in yellow and black kicks a blue and black ball.
Some african kids playing with a ball.
Two race cars speed along a track with smoke coming from the backs of them.
Two dogs on the beach, running into the water
Four men are playing on a stone paved area.
An older man is kicking an object.
A brown and white dog in front of a shed overwhelmed by the onslaught of tennis balls.
A man is on a small pull along trailer working with landscaping material.
A figure of an oriental man sits on a wall in front of some white apartment buildings.
Girl with black paint under her eyes walking, girl in foreground of photo.
She is painting a yellow flower on white paper practicing to become an artist
Finally he got one bar on his wifi connection.
Two men sit in rounded green chairs on bright blue carpet.
A woman pruning an ornamental bush in her front yard.
A man holds a trophy on the stage.
A man is eating outside with a group of people.
Three women and two men in swimsuits, sunbathing on lawn chairs covered by towels.
A man is using a grinder on a locker's lock
Two smaller dogs chase a larger dog around a pond.
Boy in yellow shirt getting picture taken surrounded by pigeons
Time lapse photo of two children playing in a pool of water.
A young girl holding a doll is smiling.
A man and a woman stand knee deep in the rough waves next to a red-orange boat.
A man is riding a red racing motorcycle.
A male surfer in the air, leaving the water.
A boy sitting on the floor looking up at a woman in a green chair.
Three people and a dog stand in front of a river on a cold day.
Two woman are playing tennis.
Two healthcare professionals attend to a patient and consider his or her chart.
The young man kicks a soccer ball on dusty ground.
Three men in a bright orange boat race across the water as foam sprays in the air.
Two dogs playing ball together outside.
Two people are moving the hose as others work in the garden.
A group of people are walking close to some trees.
A man in a wetsuit on a surfboard.
A group of people lay in the shade.
A group of girls including one in a blue shirt with her back towards the camera are laughing.
A man standing on one foot with a little girl in front of a cathedral.
A young man is lining up on the scrimmage line in football practice.
A football coach and football players practicing.
A man sits on the grass trying to get a hole of a fish.
A woman in purple leggings runs across a street.
A man standing looking sad with cleaner and a tool next to him.
A brown labradoodle retrieves a tennis ball in a lake
An Asian man navigates a boat carrying 2 passengers down what appears to be a river deep in the forest.
A couple is riding a bicycle built for two.
The little boy is having a grand time at the water park.
Two men and a child working outside on different equipment.
Man in white shirt and tan shorts doing a trick on a skateboard.
A young boy reads a paperback book outside.
A child is jumping on an inflatable bouncer.
The surfer is riding a wave with a mountain in the background.
A complex building is in the background with people standing around and some riding bikes.
A woman writing while standing by men.
A lot of asian women walking outside in light blue shirts.
Several men around an indoor basketball hoop.
Man in sleeveless shirt and shorts standing in the middle of the floor.
A man jumps inside a darkened gymnasium.
A group of men stand in a gymnasium with a basketball.
The woman is posing in high heels on a rusty ladder.
Asian male dressed in white, wearing straw hat and gloves, gesturing to people in crowd.
Two street musicians play guitars in Asia.
A man wearing a white and red hat playing golf and is going to attempt to hit the ball.
A group of people are posing with their dogs.
A group of people walk on grass near a lake with dogs playing around them.
Two young women with a large piece of paper.
Many runners are running on the street in a race.
A yellow-shirted runner runs with a number pinned to their shirt.
A woman with a black shirt is looking at a carnival ride.
A man is walking past a Latin American produce shop.
A large group of people are walking on a sidewalk.
Dog swimming through water carrying stick in its mouth
A boy grinds down the handrail of a stairway with his skateboard.
A group of people wearing numbers in the street.
A rugby match in progress is shown with the referee watching.
A boy riding a bicycle while a man holds onto the bike.
Two oxen running through the lake leave man behind them covered in mud.
Four persons are using the musical instruments.
A female is helping a child drive a bumper car.
People standing around a city square with bikes.
A man walks down a street by a man who selling items out of a booth.
A surfer rides a wave as it crashes on the beach.
A couple sits on a slanting tree trunk and poses for the camera.
A football player is tackling the player with the football as the crowd watches.
An overcrowded bus traveling down the street with people hanging off the back of it.
Three people staying out of the sun
A group of kids, sitting on the floor, in an art museum listening to an older lady.
A black dog playing with a purple toy.
A group of rollerblading on a sloping road.
Two motorcyclists are racing around a circular track.
A young girl plays peek-a-boo, covering the eyes of the man on whose shoulders she sits.
Seven people jump into the water.
A woman wearing a T-shirt and shorts walks passing by a red Sedan
A man in a blue cap is working with a bow.
A woman in a white shirt and jeans holding two rakes as she walks down the street.
Rollerblader in red shirt is skating on a handrail.
An asian themed restaurant with a large mounted fish.
A man is leaning on a racing motorcycle.
An elderly man uses his walking stick to poke into a hole in the ground.
Two women are sitting on a park bench talking to each other.
A child in a gray coat kicking a soccer ball.
A brown dog jumps over a wire fence.
A group of about 11 people of all ages with binoculars in the woods
Boys and girls wearing navy blue shirts smile for the camera.
A woman watches a dog jump down the stairs.
A child in a Mickey Mouse shirt has their arms up and appears to be jumping.
A child in a blue jacket is looking to his left as bike rides down the street.
The skier is going down a large mountain.
A woman is climbing up a steep mountain over water.
A man is firing a handgun at a shooting range.
The two dogs are standing with their heads entwined around each other.
A group of skaters are at a skate park.
A man in a safety vest riding a bicycle on the highway.
A man walks on a fancy sidewalk next to an abandoned bar.
A male bicyclist trying to get something from his backpack on a busy street.
The boy does a jumps his bike into the air.
A Asian women rides a bike while wearing a respirator mask.
The lady is wearing a bandanna around her face to protect her from dust.
A woman wearing a red hat and face paint smiles at another woman.
The child is playing in the rock.
A woman in a brown top with glasses is standing in front of a chart.
Three young black men lean againest a white jeep.
A group of bikers wearing helmets standing near a van.
A trumpet player is playing music with his partner.
Two women looking at a food vendor, considering if they want to buy something.
A little baby climbing up the ladder after someone.
The police officers in bright yellow jackets watch the crowd.
A man is using his computer in a kitchen.
A woman wearing a red and white dress holds hands with man in a blue jacket wearing flowers on his lapel.
Several men loading a metal cannon
A woman in a brown shirt is speaking to someone.
A woman is presenting various documents using multimedia equipment.
A young girl is on a ride at an amusement park.
Two men stand in front of a large green truck.
A family walks through a gravel field under high built wooden structures.
Two black dogs race for a ball on the shore.
A woman in a blue top is working at a factory.
Pedestrians and a bicyclist leisurely move past a modern building.
Two girls play in the shower with their clothes on.
A woman is holding a baby in her arm while pointing.
There is a black dog jumping into a swimming pool.
A man rides a dirt bike over a hill.
A man is standing amidst a crowd of people while smoking a cigarette.
Five men hauling in a fishing net on the beach.
In an empty, dimmed bowling alley, a woman prepares to release a red bowling ball towards a group of five pins.
A girl wearfing pink swings over a creek.
A lady with curly brown hair stands in a crowd with a camera.
Two young soccer players race to the goal.
A group of young children in wheelchairs pull each other through a small village as they are photographed.
Older man leads the band as they play.
A man in plaid yellow carrying two tin buckets.
A man walking a large black horse.
A dirt biker is taking a large jump wearing a yellow suit.
A homeless man is walking down the sidewalk alone.
Young boy wearing an Elmo t-shirt kneeling at a table with his meal.
Little boy laying in a pile of leaves next to a skateboard.
Two softball players trying to catch a ball
A lady is running her dog through an agility course.
A chunk of meat is presented out the window of a shop while a young man goes toward it.
A man shaving with a straight razor.
A crowd is standing in front of a building while holding newspapers and holding flags.
Three girls with head wraps carrying objects while standing on unpaved surface.
A couple sit on a park bench with purple balloons tied to it.
A contestant in horseback sword fighting- the crowd looks on.
A woman carrying a purse walks by a shop.
Two dogs run in a field.
A lady standing near the counter of a bakery smiling at the camera.
Grandfather, Father and two sons are putting together a puzzle.
A group of men in white hard hats inside an industrial building with one shooting a picture.
Men standing at a construction site.
The black dog is pulling on something purple with its mouth.
Little boy carrying a little girl on his back.
Five people standing on a stage, getting ready to perform, who are unrecognizable due to the lack of lighting.
Many individuals with coverings on their heads crowded together.
A group of men surround a woman in a headscarf.
A young girl standing alone in a hallway.
The pretty little girl with the red brush is combing her hair.
Two workers in orange vests walk by delivery truck and hazard cones.
A girl and woman are posing while sitting on a carpeted staircase.
A player is sliding into home plate with the catcher guarding it.
Two chefs, one in traditional chef's cloths, the other in a suit cook Asian food in woks.
A batter swings at a ball.
A solemn young man in a striped collared shirt is holding a picture of himself and a woman in a silver frame.
Chef with two women having a conversation.
Black and brown dog jumping over hurdle with white supports.
Women and little girls performing a cultural dance.
Young girls perform a dance number on stage.
A group of boys studying in a library.
Two young Asian girls dressed in some sort of green and yellow clothing dance together.
A baseball player catches the ball while the batter reaches the base.
A woman with long hair is catching a softball in a softball field.
Little girl and older male, holding hands and walking on train tracks.
A woman holding a hand puppet in front of a class of students.
A dog jumps to catch a ball in the surf.
Two men dressed in yellow uniforms are using a jackhammer in the ground.
Two men in swim trunks standing on sand.
A dog, trailing a leash, chases a tennis ball across a grassy area.
An older man indulging in a bottle of amber liquid.
A mom is pushing her two kids on the swing.
A man performs a dirt bike stunt over the sand.
Players wearing orange, white and black jackets and some of them are talking to each other
A dog with an orange ball in its mouth swimming.
A boy is leaning down in front of a girl with blue striped hair in a subway station.
Someone is surfing underneath a wave on a white surfboard.
A softball player in red and white swings and hits the yellow ball.
A girl in a red and white uniform is swinging a bat.
Two players are on a wet field and one is on the ground.
A group of teens in gather in prom attire.
A young boy on a skateboard is crying while an adult touches his shoulder.
She is about to throw a stick for a competition.
Laying on stones, a girl with messy hair has her head on the boy laying next to her.
A person jumping a horse over a fence.
The woman is jumping a long distance while people watch.
Man rides on bicycle as other people walk.
A little girl in a purple sweater and plain shorts walks with a woman past a subway.
Parents watch as girls play softball in a game.
A girl wearing the number one LaFayette softball uniform is about to throw the ball.
A girl in a white and brown uniform swings at a softball.
A softball player's team watches as she swings at a pitch.
A young girl contorts her body during a performance.
A young girl is blowing bubbles with an orange bubble wand.
Two guys joking around with each other.
A man is on a cellphone standing in front of a movie poster.
Teenagers wearing formal clothes stand in a group outside.
A woman in blue stands with one hand on a dry rock surface.
A skateboarder goes down some stairs.
Two men walk down a stone stairway, one is riding a unicycle.
Many people are walking through a rural shopping area.
A toddler dressed in green coat, blue jeans, and pink boots throws sand at the ocean.
A person taking a picture of group of other people.
A woman is petting her dog near a stone path.
The brown dog is running on the grass.
A man standing in front of two ads prepares to throw something across a field.
A small cat laying with a large dog
Three people are standing in front of a blue wall with graffiti on it, while three metal poles and three green crates are in the foreground.
Dog with open mouth and a toy close by in the air
A group of people are sitting in an auditorium looking at a screen on the stage.
A man with a black hat and glasses playing the guitar.
A boy in a red shirt is looking towards an easel that an artist has.
A man in a superman costume is holding a sign, on the side of the road.
A man and female is making quick fixes to a tire tube on the dirt.
A boy jumping off a yellow spring board.
A golden dog is looking at a blue and yellow toy on the grass.
A male performer is playing a cello.
A young, well-dressed black man seated behind a drum set and smiling.
A woman with glasses is looking at food.
Two adolescent girls are seated at a wooden table creating homemade crafts.
Woman getting out of a red flying vehicle.
A blond woman at a table is writing in a book as two men look on.
Man in black shirt getting ready to throw the ball in bowling alley.
A balding man in a blue blazer marks in a book at a desk in front of a chalkboard.
A woman and a young boy.
A man in a blue shirt is walking in front of a store on a city street.
Two military men practicing a "take-down" maneuver.
A little girl jumps in the air next to a jukebox mural.
A couple walking down the street.
Two people sit on a wooden bench and face each other to talk.
Four adults sitting at a table eating a meal
Five large dogs run through a fenced grass area while wearing muzzles.
Two little kids are beating on a bongo drum.
Surfer partially visible through crashing wave, shore in background.
Crowd watching airplane and helicopter in the sky.
A child rides a bike high in the air.
A child petting a dog.
A group of senior citizens are seated at round white tables as they wait for food.
The player is kicking a soccer ball on the grass field.
A gray dog and a tan dog playing on a grassy field.
Seven sailors dressed in blue on a boat.
A woman is looking through a scientific instrument at a small piece of technology.
A man in a blue t-shirt holds a camera.
The group of people make single file lines on the field.
A man sitting in a blue metal chair.
A dog with a stick in his mouth walking through water.
A student is cutting paper with delight.
Black dog in a bandanna runs down a dirt road.
The hockey players move quickly towards the puck.
The skateboard is falling away from the skateboarder as he attempt a jump.
A brown dog playing with bubbles.
Two men in black uniforms talking to a man holding a bottle of soda.
Some men and women drink wine while watching television.
Period re-inactors sit on grass bales and talk while others in more modern attire sit and walk in the background.
A woman in a plaid shirt looking in a glass tank.
People are sitting, standing, and reading newspapers in an alleyway.
Baseball player holding a bat.
A woman in a yellow jacket and brown hat stands on a path by a lake.
Hikers walk along some tough terrain.
A man with a shovel is doing some digging work in a hole outside.
Two older men in coats are standing outside.
The little brown dog runs past another dog on the grass.
A bird flies low with its wings spread.
People look on as a guy attends to a fixed gear bike under a tent.
A large park beside a body of water with large animal sculpted bushes.
Two smiling girls stand on a dirt road in India.
A brown-haired girl stoops to pick up a small white puppy on an empty street.
A blond woman in a red suit cleaning a metal object.
Four dogs run in a field.
Three people holding cameras are standing on a dirt trail with grass on the side of it.
Older woman in an orange dress standing on a waterfront.
A fat man in a purple shirt eating a potato chip.
A woman in a pink shirt examines her camera.
A man named Luke, wearing a light blue shirt and a name tag is photographed from overhead as he stands leaning against the bar.
A man with a dog stands, outside on bricks, holding a sign.
A woman is using a sewing machine on a messy table.
An older man is walking past writing on a wall.
A small black and white dog carrying a red bucket in his mouth
A man with helmet stands in front of a building
A male does an open leg trick while doing a wheelie on his bike.
One fighter delivers a hard blow to the face of another fighter.
Two male UFC fighters are boxing against each other in a ring.
Several people riding camels 2 per camel in the desert.
A woman in pink enjoys her iced tea and appetizer at a restaurant.
A crowd of people seen from above, several are holding cameras.
A woman and child attempting to spray paint a bicycle.
A boy on a bike is jumping above some sand mounds.
A football player is about to catch a football.
A group of people sitting around a desk.
A girl trying to hit a ball in the air with a tennis racket on the tennis court.
A boy skateboards on a ramp.
A Fancy outDoors Cafe on a Sunny Day.
A woman is looking at a photograph.
A man in a helmet is doing stunts on a bike.
Joggers running down a rural road in a race.
A brown dog is drinking water from a bowl while a black dog jumps down next to him.
A hockey player wearing a red uniform reaches for the puck as others follow.
A man lounges in a chair while viewing a lava lamp and computer screen.
Two bikers, one with a mask, pose in the street with their bikes.
A skier helping a fellow skier get up from the snow
The boy in the red and white suit is on a skateboard.
A man riding a bicycle down a ramp towards a dirt bike course.
Man in skeleton-printed leather outfit sitting astride a red motorcycle.
Two men are speaking with another man who is wearing a blue cap and carrying a book.
A couple practice different ways to wear sunglasses in front of a red car.
Men are riding bicycles while trying to carry items at the same time in front of a blue building with red trim.
A showgirl puts on her lipstick in the mirror.
A bmx biker is currently in midair doing a front flip.
Hockey player playing hockey during a game.
Dogs enjoy chasing each other in the park.
Man with gray shirt with a white name badge.
A man stands across from a woman and holds her necklace while she looks at him.
A little boy is in a tire
Crowd of people are standing around near some palm trees in the even hours of night.
A smiling man on a horse in front of brush and woods.
A man and child stand in a yard next to a bench.
A small boy does a handstand on one hand.
A room full of children raise their hands, fingers extended, to the sky.
A young girl posing with another woman each smiling.
Three young adults gaze at the approaching storm.
Three children sit down to a meal.
A man is jumping up high while holding several blue balloons on a string.
A group of children do stretches on colored mats.
A man and a woman are strapped into a circular metal ride.
A rugby player blocks while holding the ball.
A man in a silver coat and hat sitting on a bus.
Two girls giving the peace sign.
A man is standing next to a woman and he is holding an electronic device to his ear.
Three seniors look out the window at the water.
People are passing through the city while a musician is playing.
Two people stand outside of a red car in the city and hug.
Two women walking down the sidewalk by a pond.
A guy setting the table for dinner.
A little girl in a pink dress holding a hose.
Two dogs approach each other in the grass.
A number of people are sitting at a restaurant while a waiter navigates between the tables.
Kids are playing around the playground ship with climbing net and stairs.
A man in white, a man in black with a red headscarf, and a blond woman smoking.
Old man playing the accordion on a street corner.
Students in a classroom of some sort are doing art projects.
An elderly man goes for a run on a busy street.
A red-haired girl smiling sitting next to a brown-haired man who is also smiling.
Children are praying before the beginning of school.
A woman in white and woman in black are standing by each other talking on cellphones.
A woman and a child sit together and smile.
A woman wearing a black skirt and pumps is riding her white and red moped.
A group of several people standing around a railing
A red biplane in the sky, with a trail of smoke.
An African woman shakes dust out of something.
A hockey player is laying on the ice in front of the goal.
A person on a bmx bike, running a course.
A large group of people walking down a street, some carrying flags or banners.
A woman is operating a sewing machine as a child watches.
Two skateboarders, one wearing a black t-shirt and the other wearing a white t-shirt, race each other.
Several people are talking in an alleyway.
Childern are playing on a merry-go-round as adults on a bench watch them.
Two rock climbers near the base of a rock face.
Many people are sitting by long tables filled with computers but most are not using them.
A young woman is jumping on a trampoline
A boy on a skateboard balances on a red beam.
A man in a blue uniform kicking the soccer ball down the field
A person in a white shirt skateboarding off a rail.
Two dogs are running together through mowed grass.
The skateboarder is about to jump from a wooden bench.
Two kids are playing soccer together.
A man in a brown hat is standing up in a group.
Older man putting on socks in a treeless sand dune.
A worker is preparing fish to be sold at a market.
Blond girl in green dress with pink flowers.
Three ballerinas dressed in white, dance outside while a woman in a black dress looks on.
A blue bus is parked on the street, a man walks by.
A man in a green hat and blue swim trunks sunbathing on the beach.
A man reading a magazine on the couch.
There are three women wearing different dresses and headbands dancing in the street.
A biker prepares to go down a hill.
A gray-haired woman in a gray scarf and a black shirt is sitting a table with a plastic bag in her hand.
A person is sleeping on the sidewalk with his or his face covered.
A woman with the name Steph on her yellow shirt is participating in a running race with other racers.
A woman with sunglasses is walking on the sidewalk.
Many people are gathered around a street with trees talking.
The gondola is poling his boat in the canal.
A man kneeling on the ground surrounded by several cats
A woman poses next to a spinning wheel.
A man is about to be tackled in the rugby game.
Several people are running a race next to a vineyard.
A baseball player holds his bat, while the catcher and umpire squat behind him and a crowd watches.
A little boy is running across a crosswalk.
A lone sailboat moves across a beautiful blue sea with two men at the helm.
Two men wearing fishing gear talk outside.
A guy flies through the air on his bicycle in a skateboard park.
A woman sits on a train and reads intently.
A skateboarder high in the air above an indoor ramp.
The brown dog is running outside on the grass.
A white dog is chasing a stuffed animal being pulled on a string.
A dog leaping on pavement.
A runner with plaid shorts is running a race in the countryside.
A group of people running up a hill.
Runners participating in a race run up a hill on a paved road through wine country.
Two men carry out daily tasks in a food market.
One person is tumbling on the ground next to another person with his shoes off.
A woman diving in a blue swimsuit.
A man with white shoes, a white hat, and a white shirt running on pavement.
Men and women wearing are wearing red on the street.
A snowboarder in the air over a snowy mountain.
Two dogs are playing in a grassy field
A woman stands on a bridge with a crowd behind her.
Man riding a horse jumping over a wooden fence.
People sitting at a picnic table in a grassy area near a tree.
Four individuals are dancing in an open street.
Two dogs on the grass, barking at each other.
A brown dog and a black dog playing with a yellow soccer ball.
A man playing cricket, his bat pointed to the sky.
A horse and rider jumping a small fence.
A man in a long-sleeved shirt, riding a yellow moped across a street.
A pianist and a singer are ready to perform.
A woman in black is sitting next to a man wearing glasses in a coffee shop.
A man in blue is caught right after releasing the bowling ball.
Two husky little boys in black dress shirts with longish haircuts stand behind the seated woman in the white blouse.
A man making the cravat to his best friend.
A man is jumping on a green bicycle over a sign that says 'free dinner'.
A person taking a photograph of a child in a colourful outfit.
A bride and groom stand together in front of a wooden fence.
A dog catches a ball in the air
A brown dog leaps in the air to catch a white volleyball.
Two men battle it out in a boxing match with white gloves.
Two men boxing in a match.
A man peeking out a window of a merchant building.
A group of kids play around in water.
Two boxers with white gloves are fighting.
A dog with a rope toy in its mouth runs on the grass.
Men performing in front of a crowd.
Several kids standing around on the streets one playing with a ball
Couple getting married, bride holding pink flowers.
A person swims in a body of water with a waterfall.
An old bald man in the spotlight playing the guitar.
A seated man playing a small guitar next to a standing man plucking a bass.
A man in a bicycle helmet is talking on a cellphone with other people behind him.
Three men sit down in a building illuminated with green light.
Two girls and a boy perform a dance.
Adults and children are playing with water balloons in the street.
A group of people standing in the street
A runner makes a face during a race because he is in pain.
People are sitting on scaffolding on a large, white building.
A young boy in a red uniform jumps on a trampoline.
A woman and a man in sweatshirts instructing many young children indoors
A group of Asian children play a game by standing in a circle among other adults.
Asian young boy with a gray sweater, playing an Asian game.
A person wearing a gray and red jacket running through sand towards mountains.
Several adults are talking to a group of children.
A group of people walk down a path in a wooded area.
A father and son take a break.
A woman and a child, both with dark hair and eyes play with two puppies that are lying on the ground.
A man smiling while holding an acoustic guitar.
A man wearing a yellow helmet climbing the side of a large rock wall.
A small boat carrying two people moves through the water.
A man picks up and swings a young child while another child looks on.
A small girl blowing a bubble among other children.
Two asian men are leading a group of children in a game that involves touching your head.
Two children read in bed.
A black and white dog is swimming in some water
The girl is at the park playing on the jungle gym.
A young boy wearing a helmet and riding a bike in a park.
Man kissing a woman's neck on a busy sidewalk.
Two men are having a conversation at a brick wall.
A person behind some bags inside an igloo.
A man is skiing down a snowy hill with a large mountain in the background.
A man sits playing his instrument as park goers sit behind him.
Four people sitting on a stone wall that overlooks trees and buildings.
A girl is jumping a hurdle and about to touch ground.
An old woman is sitting next to a young girl with her fingers in her mouth.
A barefoot man on a hill side is bent over.
A man about to throw a toy for a dog to go and fetch.
A construction worker, in the middle of the street.
Tall black man standing with a dog in the foreground, another black man in the background looking over the scene.
A man is sitting on a bench, cooking some food.
Two men work on the sewers in the middle of the road as a BMW stops next to them.
A blond woman in a tan shirt sending a text.
An inline skater in red pants and blue shirt skates between green cones.
Sports player opening a bottle of champagne to celebrate his victory
The momma dog is feeding her litter of pups.
A closeup of a hummingbird.
A motocross rider is traveling along a dirt path with people watching.
3 girls have fun while playing a card game.
A woman is walking with her son who has a backpack with a leash.
A cabin shot of a very crowded airplane
A girl is in midair with cables tied to her surrounded by blue skies.
A couple is having a discussion on the edge of a canal.
A baseball player, in a white uniform and red hat, is getting ready to throw a ball on a sunny day.
Two men performing moves near to ocean.
The large white bird swoops down hovering above the water.
The black dog is running through water.
A man sits outside on a wooden fence amid a large grassy field in the morning sun.
Two people a man and woman riding an elephant in a field.
Three elephants, each carrying a group of people, walking through the water.
A man is playing is guitar on a sidewalk while its raining.
A man is sipping on a drink while listening to a gentleman talking to him
Two men run through a parking lot wearing camouflage pants.
A guy doing a grind over an edge in his skateboard.
A gymnast does a handstand on the parallel bars.
A student music ensemble rehearses a piece of music.
A young girl throws her graduation cap into the air.
Two black dogs are playing with an orange stuffed dog toy.
A girl is standing on a snowy cliff.
Young boy with brown hair and black goggles cupping hands over face emerging from the water in a pool
Several people on a bus, one is an unhappy woman.
Man with rifle, glasses, hat, in camouflage takes picture next to dog, in front of a field.
A musician and a crowd next to stage full of musical instruments.
Two young boys are playing in the water.
Girl in pink top dancing in a field.
Woman with a red helmet and red and black stockings playing roller derby.
A man waterskiing through the air near a dock.
A girl in a cowboy hat and a boy standing on the ocean shore
A man works in a bike shop.
A child in a white and green soccer uniform kicks a white ball.
A little boy wearing an orange shirt is sitting on a purple chair.
A woman skating in a roller derby wearing a red helmet with a white star on it.
An Asian child is nude having fun in the water, despite being in dirty water.
A white and tan dog runs along the green grass.
Two men play lacrosse or field hockey.
Three boys in suits and sashes and a girl in a dress in sash in a field.
A quad sends dirt flying into the air.
Three men in black jackets stand by a desk in a field holding red microphones.
A group of children sit, stand, and kneel along a wall.
A man in a center of travel is carrying many things.
The small child is standing on a tricycle.
A man in a red uniform swings while another in a blue uniform jumps and others look on.
A skateboarder approaches a ramp.
The person is throwing a yellow object in the air while standing on sand.
A kid with red short about to jump into the pool
A group of runners standing in front of a red car in Europe.
The two men are engaged in a boxing match.
Three people walking through a wooded area during the day.
A woman cleaning a sneeze screen at a restaurant.
A brown dog is standing on his back legs trying to reach something in the man's hand.
A person jumping a ramp with three people in the background.
Two women in black with flags are standing in front of an old-fashioned car.
The three men are playing basketball on a blacktop.
Three people are crouched down close to the ground with orange buckets beside them.
A woman returns the tennis ball.
A man in a brown coat and jeans is walking down a street.
A man in a group of people is taking a photo.
A red race car going down a dirt road with a group of people watching.
The blue and gray vehicle is racing through the gravel.
Bicyclist ride the course near the ocean as the day comes to an end.
A man on a bike does a very high jump.
This is a bunch of people standing in line at what looks like a bicycle shop.
Man in a brown shirt cooking meat cooking meat on a small grill.
A brown dog with a blue muzzle is running on green grass.
Three young men are inspecting their bicycles in the sun.
A row of bicycles, and people sitting on a dock, near the waterside.
Some people are in a bicycle shop.
A woman in a green top riding a bike.
Individual on rocks with a waterfall in the background.
A young boy wearing a suit and top hat is holding hands with a girl in a green dress.
A person skateboarding down a ramp at night.
Four musicians stand and play their instrument and sing into microphones.
Two people in life jackets in a rowboat
A large group of people are watching something, screaming, and taking pictures.
A shabby looking man stands near a carriage full of crates.
A young boy with a red shirt, blue jeans and sneakers appears to be running by the Pioneer County office.
Several people are climbing a snow covered mountain.
Two white swans in the lake.
A novice gymnast shows her acrobatic talent by leaping from a bar stool.
Men in uniform, with flags, are gathered outdoors for a ceremony.
Number 24 feels it is his turn to score the soccer ball.
7 people who are wearing all black are walking on a glacier.
A pitcher throws the ball.
A woman dressed in blue leaps into the water's edge at a beach as a photographer takes a picture.
Tourists are standing a mountain viewpoint beneath a clear blue sky.
Two people with red vests on standing in white snow in a passage.
A nascar driver trying to keep his car on the course
A dog running at the beach with a man looking in the background.
A boy stands on a black bench.
A boy in green throws his left leg into a kick.
Three black dogs running after an orange ball.
A man with a hat and a woman with a black top are walking on a grass field.
A man in a yellow shirt holds his thumb out.
Two young men on bicycles one is doing a flip while the other watches
A man wearing sunglasses sitting next to a table full of beverages.
A man in the blue shirt is playing a song on his guitar while a woman and a child listen.
Muscular man taking pictures of a lake with boats.
A person is riding a bike on a dirt road.
Man paddles red kayak, orange kayak in background.
Two puppies are tugging on a rag in the grass.
A policeman on a horse surrounded by onlookers.
A man tossing a Frisbee to his dog that leaps to catch it.
A smiling toddler in a pink swimsuit is laying in the water.
A group of children are huddled together in a yard with a bamboo fence.
A person in a long cloak and a cane walking.
Three young men stand against a wall talking while one young boy looks forward holding a poster.
A man does Ti Chi on a rock overlooking a forest.
Two women and a man are dressed casually sitting at a table around a lantern in the woods.
The boy in the red shirt is skateboarding.
Two teenage boys jump flailing into a hotel pool.
Some people waiting to purchase items from a street vendor.
Two climbers are wearing backpacks ascending a very snowy mountain.
Two people are climbing up a huge, snowy mountain.
A girl in all pink is jumping into the air at a bowling alley.
Two adults enjoying a painting of hand prints.
Teens are posing for a picture at a crowded event.
A young girl in a bright yellow dress surrounded by yellow flowers
The vendor is holding a lot of balloons created in the shape of Disney characters.
A man climbs out of the ocean onto a rock
A man wearing aqua pants and matching flip-flops pulls a cart carrying handmade brooms through the street.
A man in a yellow shirt standing at a counter.
Two women in a mixture of Islamic and American garb bring large boxes on a cart through a checkout line.
An asian man riding his bicycle down the street.
A line of military trucks are passing by a soldier who is walking away.
A woman putting a necklace on another woman
A bird flies low to the ground.
A dog splashing through a puddle in the grass.
Two women wearing helmets and safety pads appear to be fighting.
A woman in a pink jacket sits while typing on a laptop.
The boy in the black swim trunks dives into the pool.
A diver underwater posing next to a large aquatic organism.
A small boy in a white shirt is jumping with a sword in his hand.
Man in martial arts-style costume jumping in midair.
A crowded bus and a young man in glasses pinching his nose.
A person learning how to rock climb with another person assisting.
Two men are climbing on an interestingly shaped rock feature.
Three people, two playing drums and one playing a horn instrument.
A cowboy waves a lasso in the air at a horse show.
Three policemen, one on his cop bike, wearing black uniforms with black boots.
Street view of a city featuring a old asian woman walking by a pay phone.
Two young kids walk up some stairs.
A brown dog treads the water with something in its mouth.
Two people stop on an empty city street.
A person is riding a bicycle with a red wall in the background.
A spotted black and white dog splashes in the water.
Two girls are posing behind a tree with big smiles.
A group of kids are riding a subway.
A boy doing a flip in the air at the beach.
A black dog sticking its nose into the water.
Four young women wearing bikini swimsuits leap into the ocean on a sunny day.
Peoople stand outside a building near a street.
People on the street watch a street performer with a guitar.
A brown dog jumps in the ocean.
A group of people ride horses through a wooded area.
Ladies being taken through an exercise routine by the military
A man climbing up on a rock ledge.
A boy climbing a tree; smiling for the picture.
Three girls in colorful outfits are dancing under a stage light.
Two men and a woman playing a happy game of spin the bottle.
A US Army soldier teaches a student how to treat wounds
A group of adults have their bikes ready to ride
A soldier walking a dog with a satchel in its mouth.
A woman signs paperwork at an event.
A girl does a side bend in the surf, another girl behind her, the sun setting.
Three people loading or unloading their car.
A woman is carrying a child across a stone bridge.
A very happy person walking in the woods with the leaves blowing.
A young girl upside down on a swing set
A woman stands in front of a man holding a small, smiling baby.
A baseman catches a baseball while a runner slides to touch the base during a game of baseball.
A solider shaving outside while a dog is at his side.
Most people are sitting at tables reading but one man looks like he's sleeping.
A man and women are working with each other
A small crowd of people sitting at tables and consuming food or beverages while others are standing or walking.
The Red Sox outfielder catches a fly baseball with his glove.
The New York Mets ended the inning by catching an overeager Boston player heading back to first.
A group of people are listening to someone talk.
Two dogs run with a young child along a lake
Women sitting in chairs look through a binder.
A man is driving a motorcycle in the dirt near bushes.
A man in blue jumping a dirt bike.
A woman wearing a warm up suit looks at her cellphone.
A young female with brown hair holds an orange butterfly.
A group of men are sitting and standing a courtyard, some of them are reading books and some are talking.
A girl dressed in pink runs from the ocean to the beach.
Two young men and a woman are standing at the back of a blue pickup truck sorting through vegetables with smiles on their faces.
Girl in pink striped mittens laughing in a crowd.
While sitting on a blue plastic chair, a man in a pink shirt peels fruit into a bowl.
A buy skateboarding at a skate park.
The man is performing a trick on a motorcycle high in the air.
A wrestler jumps over the ropes.
Two people are looking out into the water at the end of a wooden jetty.
A blue bird is flying through the trees.
A man drinking out of two green wine bottles at the same time.
A baby in a black shirt is mouthing a blue elephant toy.
Infant boy with blond-hair in blue clog sandals, blue jumper, touching an orange traffic cone.
A child drawing a picture using crayons
Two race cars on a road in front of a grassy parking area.
A man and a woman exercising in a park.
A large woman in a black and white stripe shirt is holding some colorful decorations while staring at two men.
A little boy in a green striped shirt holding up a stick on his porch.
A group of people smiling and riding on a boat.
The man is carrying several cases while riding a skateboard.
A man is roller-skating down the wall next to some white steps.
Couple sleep on subway line sitting next to each other.
A man sleeps on a bench behind a fountain.
A young boy in patriotic shorts running on the beach.
A smiling blond-headed little girl is lying on the floor tummy down looking up while a line of dominoes sit beside her.
A boy and girl kissing in the sunset.
Two dogs, one tan and one black, play tug-of-war on the grass near the pond.
The baby enjoys taking its bath.
Two Asian women with short black hair talking with each other.
Many people sit a table clothed tables eating food and making conversation.
Male in green plaid shirt and name tag, holding a microphone with right thumb in his blue jean's pocket.
A man in a green jacket smoking a cigarette throwing a small ball.
A woman talks to her friends while sitting in a restaurant.
A young boy is swimming with goggles.
Several women dressed in gypsy-like clothing dance about in a forest.
A dog walks on a path surrounded by trees.
A woman wearing a yellow shirt runs along a red track.
A man is interacting with a dog that is running past him.
There are men in a room with soda and chips on a table.
Man playing a game with a young girl.
A little boy wearing goggles is holding a gun.
Three women in business wear walk across a courtyard.
A woman is sitting on a bus facing many brown houses.
A girl is lying on a short brick wall.
A brindle dog standing next to a christmas tree sniffing a small child laying on the floor as the child plays with toy vehicles.
A child in a pink dress outside.
A young girl in a yellow dress and a small boy in a white suit.
Waterskier jumps off the water's surface, unknown structure in background.
A man standing next to a little girl standing in a garbage can in a yard.
A yellow dog runs through green grass.
Two teen guys are doing skateboard tricks at a skate park.
The man and child are swimming.
A man is jumping from a rock into the ocean while others are watching.
A man in shades and a sweatshirt watches a girl stand in a recycling bin.
The boy wearing the red jacket is hanging on the side of the swing set.
A young lady is wearing bright pink sunglasses and sitting on a small trampoline.
5 male polo players in action during a game on a polo field on a sunny day.
Two women are climbing over rocks near to the ocean.
Two boys walk out on a military monument over grassy green fields.
The three dogs play in the sand.
Six people are posing for a picture in front of a wall with graffiti.
A woman wearing a helmet is in a rollerskating competition.
A man with a shaved head stands in a river and holds onto a rope.
Two brindle dogs running in the grass.
A woman in a black and blue outfit is dancing in the street with a woman in a black and red outfit.
A man grilling hotdogs and sausages.
A baseball pitcher in a red and white uniform throws the ball while his teammate watches.
A woman in an orange scarf pulls a pack of cigarettes from a carton.
A crowd scene with people in yellow and white native clothing.
Adults wearing balloon hats are watching children play in a balloon castle.
A horse jockey is riding on a course.
Elderly couples dance at night, with strings of lights in the background.
A young boy in a green swing rides through the air near a barn.
A man is sitting by the lake, under an umbrella, painting.
A flock of seagulls is taking off from the beach.
Two boys swing standing up on a yellow swing set
Three mountain bikers are in a race in the woods.
A group of boys play basketball together.
A blue, red, and yellow plane does a loop in the air.
A young boy taking a picture through the glass and two females chatting.
A white dog and a black and white dog are playing while two more black dogs move towards them.
A man sitting in a chair in front of a red building.
Two women, who are very athletic, are playing beach volleyball.
Person doing a skateboard stunt
Four young puppies snuggling together in the middle of a blanket.
Three puppies are lying on a couch beside a baby bottle.
Two white and brown dogs barking on the shoreline while waves roll in behind them.
Two white dogs and one light brown dog running along the beach.
Two woman are showing different facial expressions and wearing gold and purple costumes.
A girl playing in a puddle while wearing a pink coat
The Father and a son are running in the seashore.
A man wearing a black hat opening a cardboard box.
Two boys are kicking a yellow soccer ball in the surf at the beach.
A man wearing a light blue shirt and navy pants is walking down an alley.
A dog is swimming through deep water near several ducks.
Two men are kickboxing.
A man looks over a menu while the waiter waits to take his order.
A hot air balloon has some trouble taking off.
Several young children with their fingertips on the egde of a white Frisbee
An older man in a white sweater talks on a cellphone.
A man dressed in an orange colored robe wearing sandals is sitting on a bench outside of a building.
A group of kids and a mother watch as an american girl plays on her cellphone.
Two children are laughing and playing in a tire swing at a park.
A small child sitting on his knees on a white tile floor.
A batter swinging at a pitched baseball with a batter warming up in the background.
A little boy batting in a baseball game.
A person taking a picture of someone skating down a railing at night.
A duck flaps its wings near the water.
Three hard hat construction workers taking a break near their plant.
The brown-haired man and woman are posing for a picture.
There is person standing in water and playing with a dog.
An Indian chief in full dress.
A native American band plays instruments under a tent.
A young man wearing a tan shirt jumping high in the air on mats.
People watching two men in brownish orange robes handling snakes on dirt road.
A young man jumps a bicycle off a sloped wall over a bench.
A man wearing no shirt does a trick on his red and black bicycle.
Two motorcycle racers on a track, one without his motorcycle.
A group of women riding horses while holding the flags of multiple nations
Three people wrestle with a bull at a rodeo.
A woman with a guitar sings in front of a building and grass.
Three people standing on boardwalk looking at buildings across the water.
A lab dog is standing on a fallen tree trunk with a guy in the background.
A woman in a blue tennis outfit completes a swing.
A man wearing a purple hat and clown makeup is cheering to a crowd.
A man at a rodeo is thrown off a horse.
A woman is getting her hair curled by someone else with a curling iron.
Men at a rodeo try to tame a bull.
The man in black is flying off the full in front of a red fence.
A dog leaps through a snowy field.
A woman jumps up to avoid a leak from a fermentation tank.
Young boy with red swim trunks playing in sand on the beach.
A guy with a blue helmet stands on ropes above everyone else.
Man playing guitar in a dark room.
A man with a stick in his left hand in a field
A bike rider riding in the opposite direction of traffic.
A man walks across a rooftop in the city with a kite flying overhead.
A man falling off of his surfboard.
A surfer on a yellow surfboard is splashing up water onto another surfer.
Man setting up table of cheese wheels.
A group of hockey players and one official stand on the ice during a game.
A woman walking parallel to a yellow line against traffic.
A woman works in a booth with colorful merchandise.
The eagle is flying low to the ground.
Two women are having a drink and a good time.
Man kayaking losing his paddle and falling out of the boat.
A man with a shaved head riding a mountain bike.
A small black dog jumps over a bar.
A man and a woman holding cups with another man nearby.
Large group of people at convention of some sort perusing merchandise.
Yellow dog stands on hind legs with ball in mouth, building in background.
Two women are sitting at a table together working on crafts.
A young girl making an arts and crafts project as a teacher looks over the table.
An older woman is cutting something out of a book.
Some school teachers are doing crafts and the others are discussing something in a colorful room.
A group of women dancing together.
A brown dog is running on a rock.
Children are playing soccer, while an adult looks on.
A young woman with tight abs is lifting weights.
Two people eating food in the sunlight.
A man wearing no shirt and a backpack runs with a box on his head.
Spectators watching a motorcyclist ground around a track.
There is a tree or vine on the side of the building.
The men are using hoes to break the soil.
A boy is doing a skateboarding trick in the air.
A boy with a basketball, leaping for the goal.
A girl's hands, another person's feet, and a boy playing bongo drums sit on a picnic table.
The two boys are playing in wet sand.
The young woman with the scarf is giving a present to someone.
Guys gathered outside an ice cream store on a sunny day.
A brown and white dog runs in a field of yellow flowers.
A group of people are having a party.
A group of people with luggage line up outside of an airport.
A black dog walking along a rocky terrain.
The daughter admits that her mom is cool in her aviator sunglasses.
Two Asian women hold a vibrant YMCA poster.
One man in a green kayak paddling through the water.
A boy punching with a spray of snow.
A guy is getting his hair shaved off by another guy, while a third guy takes a picture.
Four children are waiting as someone cuts wood.
A man wearing a backpack looks up at a waterfall.
A dog running on a trail in the mountains.
A man wearing a gray shirt waving in the middle of a plant nursery
Mother and child wearing blue shirts playing outside.
A skateboarder does a trick on the coping of a bowl.
People are walking on a sidewalk in a city.
Girl making a weird face dancing in a parade.
A jockey rinding a horse prepares to jump over an obstacle
A woman wearing a black and white outfit is ice skillfully skating while other people watch her.
Two children in blue shirts laying on benches
A woman in sunglasses is smiling as she sits on top of some rocks.
Two men in different colored jerseys play hockey.
A man is partially silhouetted and leaning against a dark object.
Jockeys on horses during a race.
A man and woman kissing in front of a crowd of people.
Red and white motorbike number 58 races around the track.
Two men standing near a metal structure in front of a brick wall.
A kid touching a baseball base and wearing a blue helmet.
A boy with a t-shirt on that says FROG! stands leafing through the pages of a book.
A man on a bicycle performing a jump.
Two men in safety vests work on a project outdoors.
A street with several people and several merchant booths along both sides.
A small black dog in the ocean with some rocks in the background
Two construction workers smooth out concrete surface.
A little girl is standing next to another little girl who is taking a photograph.
The baseball player is running after the ball.
A man in an orange hard hat operating heavy machinery.
A group of men playing Lacrosse at night.
Dancers in white are performing on a blacked out stage with a pink lighted hue illuminating them.
A wet dog, playing with a toy in the water.
A boy is throwing an object into the air while a few other children watch him.
Racing on wet road while man hangs on back.
Man looking very exciting holding headphones standing outside next to a woman.
A group of people dancing together.
A woman in blue and a man in red are about to kiss with foliage nearby.
A man, lying on the grass, hand outstretched to another arm.
A man dressed in blue standing in front of a colorful fruit and vegetable stand
Cheerleaders, building a pyramid, pose in front of a crowd.
Two cheerleaders dressed in black and pink are posing with one leg held up.
Cheerleaders in Falcons outfits are forming a pyramid.
Two people and a dog play in the water using a blue inflatable toy.
Young girl in red dress is kissing another girl on the head.
A group of children gather around a white dog on the grass outside.
Young people are sitting and talking in a coffee bar.
The big dog is looking through the fence at the small dog.
Man inspecting his bicycle near a road.
A little boy with a blue shirt carries a blue shovel at the beach, as he runs towards a couple of seagulls.
A baseball player is passing the ball, while a man walks across the camera's view.
Two children are in a pool with a beach ball floating nearby.
A group of cheerleaders cheering.
There's a group of eight people paddling kayaks in a body of water.
A mountain bike racer jumps his bike as spectators watch.
Two men in an orange boat ride across the water.
A boy and a girl play on there floor with a train set.
A man in red swimming trunks pushing a baby stroller down a crowded beach.
Two men walk in front of a white brick building.
A man wearing a blue shirt is playing drums.
A man on a skateboard while the crowd watches.
A silver car goes out of control on a racetrack.
A swimmer doing the breaststroke in a pool.
A dog is standing on its hind legs with its paws outstretched whilst carrying a red object in its mouth.
Three muzzled and numbered dogs running through the grass.
A group of people, many with backpacks, walk down a corridor carrying rolling luggage.
A man wearing a black shirt and tan shorts eating.
A young man skateboards in black shoes, black pants, and a white top with sunglasses.
A woman playing on an oversize checkers board.
A tattooed man with a white dog jumping up for a stick.
Two people on a bench sitting in the shade.
Two men wearing helmets are knelt down among six traffic cones in the street.
A man is climbing on rocks by the water.
Two dogs play in a river, one is making a splash.
Three kids playing with balls on a lawn
Two people are performing a dance with fire as the main attraction.
A man holds two puppies.
A dirt bike rider takes an unconventional trail in a rocky area.
Group of people riding in a bus.
A child, aged under 10 years old is midair during a basketball shot.
A young man is napping at work on a chair outside the door.
Two kids, one wearing white one wearing red, playing in the water on a beach.
A child is thrown in the air on the beach.
The number eight rollerskater is taking the lead and pulling away from her black and red dressed opponents.
A man is laying in a small multicolor tent.
A group of people are sitting on the steps outside.
A man in the distance filling a wheel barrel.
A young boy carrying a large soccer ball with a soccer feild in the background
Boy plays baseball in a grass field.
A brunette is outside a fruit and vegetable shop selecting groceries to purchase.
The large dog watches the small one play with rope.
Three men adjust ropes around a brown metal pipe.
A dog wading into the water
A man is jumping with his body forward toward a photograph screen and a large photography light.
Children in uniform walking to school.
A man in gray sits and watches a waterfall from a rock.
A group working together to pull something to shore.
A hiker passes a white rock formation in the middle of an empty desert.
A young boy in a blue transformer shirt walking in shallow water with a pleased look on his face.
Riders on a roller coaster hold their hands up in excitement as the train races down the tracks.
The young man leaps to serve the volleyball on the beach.
Two men in a cage are boxing with each other in front of tons of people.
Three people riding on a blue and white boat.
A boy in a white shirt is doing a kick in the air.
A young man in a fishing canoe.
A young boy wearing a spider-patterned shirt on the sand.
The ladies with this young girl look happy.
A man is on the back of his friend.
Two men jump around together outside of a building.
A boy recoils from the impact of sand onto his bare chest.
A man grinding down a handrail.
A blond woman in a green tank top rides her bicycle in front of an apartment building.
One professional wrestler leaps onto another outside the ring.
A group of players chase a ball on a field.
The smiling child has bubbles near their ear.
Four people walking down the street and one is trying to jump in a shopping cart.
A dog swims in the water.
The boy on a skateboard is jumping through the air.
A motocross driver speeds by during a race.
A group of women in native garb sit on the floor.
A pair of black dogs runs in the surf.
A man does a skating trick off of graffiti-filled stairs.
Woman in a blue jacket sitting at the edge of a tennis court.
A brown and white dog is running with its mouth open accross a field.
A soccer team poses for a picture.
Some people are standing around a large inflatable slide, watch a child slide down it.
A woman wearing a digital watch is singing into a microphone.
A very happy boy is climbing a pole on a porch in a backyard.
Men are walking with a pack of dogs.
Here we have a guy using a pressure washer on the sidewalk.
A girl in black hat holding an african american baby.
A bunch of kids are climbing on a tree and hamming it up.
A man with a cigarette in his mouth is playing pool.
Someone is ski-ing off the top of some type of building.
Someone in a yellow hat is sitting next to two fishing poles.
A toddler wearing a blue hat and coat is looking up at a sign and pointing.
A rider on a dirt bike races through a forest.
Horse jockeys racing on horses in a race.
Young girl in a brightly colored outfit peeks through a wooden fence.
A woman with a green shirt and a woman with an orange shirt posing with outstretched arms
Two horses with riders, race along the track.
A man and two women are inside a greenhouse holding gardening tools.
An older man stands on the sidewalk painting the view.
Two men sit at a table on the sidewalk under a francisco street sign
A young man and woman hug while wearing wigs.
A man in a green jacket staring at the sky near a forrest.
An older man and a younger man are wearing jackets.
Two pedestrians passing a restaurant look at the dog that is looking at them.
A black and white dog jumping over a hurdle.
A young girl is seating in front of a machines pressing buttons.
Students sitting in a lecture hall listening to a lecture.
A man and woman couple is dancing with blurry trees in the background.
A man and a woman wearing red embracing.
A man wearing slacks and a red shirt dances with a woman wearing a tight red dress.
A man is walking past a red building while wearing specialized gear.
A white dog jumps out of the water to catch a tennis ball.
A dog jumps over a hurdle.
A coach and referee have a discussion while a baseball game is in progress.
A little girl kneeling on a bed.
An older gentleman and lady standing on a outdoor stairway talking, each with folders in their hands.
A man is outside sitting next to a tree and bushes.
2 kids sleeping while the adults dance the night away.
Man walking next to a horse pulling a cart in forest.
A young guy wearing all gray and a cap looks at a punching bag while other look on.
A group of people spending time at a park in costume.
Six young adults, one holding a dog by the leash, jump ecstatically on the beach.
These skateboarders are attempting stunts at night.
A person is in the air on a bike near a body of water.
Man in shorts and blue shirt cooking on charcoal grill.
A show jumper is clearing a white fence on his horse.
A man standing in snow with a mountain in the background
A girl stands with both hands up looking off at the setting sun and a sailboat.
A baby in a pool splashing water in the air.
A man with a full head mask, khakis, and a blue shirt sits on a suitcase near orange and white construction barrels and pays the accordion for five people sitting in green and white lawn chairs.
A man on a train with a blue shirt on.
A long-haired, bearded young skateboarder does a stunt on a skateboarding surface.
Two young boys playing on the rocks.
A brown dog with a baseball in its mouth.
A woman kneels before a sewing machine.
Orchestra playing for people in hard hats in a room with a damaged ceiling
A man and woman dressed up dance together outdoors.
White dog with collar running in fenced in grassy area
The child in the blue shirt is running through the sand.
A brown dog is staring into the distance while standing on dry grass.
A woman looking through the window of locksmith.
A man is holding a large object, bending in front of many plants.
A man in an office is checking information on his laptop.
A man dressed in black is surfing on a large blue wave.
A large group of brighty clothed dancers taking photographs.
Two little girls reading a book at the library.
Three men are sitting down laughing.
A rollerblader is performing a trick on a ramp.
A man jumps in the air while sky surfing.
People are at an outdoor shopping bazaar walking and looking at merchandise.
Two dogs run through a field.
A man in a flannel shirt is standing inside of a hollow tree.
A group of people sitting on yellow chairs and talking.
A group of dogs standing in a river.
A young adult male stands with a basketball on a court.
People playing cricket in the park, pine trees in the back.
Two brown dogs run through a field.
A young girl is wearing a purple shirt and pink headband.
Two terriers jumping after a tennis ball in a park
Three woman and a man sing their hearts out in the microphone.
Two men carrying luggage are standing in the middle of field of green grass.
A woman is attempting to ride a small wave.
A child plays with a costumed adult at a parade.
A toddler holds a rubber chicken suspended in air
A man holding flowers runs from two policeman.
Two women are smiling next to a microphone on a stage.
A blond woman stands behind a microphone.
Two children, one boy and one girl, walking down a paved road holding a black umbrella.
People walking through a quaint area.
A man is playing the guitar on the sidewalk while another man sits in the background near a bicycle.
The black dog is pouncing on something in the yard.
Two people on stage hold a pose, as other characters stand on the background.
Man in yellow hat holding up trophy
A man on a skateboard jumping an orange cone.
Dancers perform on stage.
The black dog is tugging at a green rope.
Men wearing hats walk on the street.
An older gentleman in a plaid shirt and glasses is smiling at the camera.
People at an outdoor farmer's market.
Three large dogs are playing in the water at the beach.
A woman stretches by the ocean at sunrise.
Three smiling children swing in a tire swing at a playground.
Overweight girl holds a large black gerbil in her hands.
A woman holds her cellphone up to a cardboard box of kittens while another woman watches them.
Two dogs share a toy in a field of vegetation.
A crowd of people singing with four green strobe lights shining in the background.
An ump in black watches a baseball game.
A cheerleader dressed in an orange and white outfit is tossed in the air by four other cheerleaders on the ground.
Woman is showing a large Star of David to young students.
A little girl in a pink shirt takes a swing at a t-ball.
Two people being photographed from behind sitting on a bus
Adult with glasses feeding a newborn kitten with a tiny bottle.
A surfer going through a wave.
Dirt bikers traverse a series of jumps.
A skydiver flies through the air near a tall building.
These four men, two shirtless, are shoveling sand.
A sports team is lined up outside.
Several people are riding bikes with people in stands watching.
A dog in a "superman" shirt sleeps on a blanket.
A woman in a one piece bathing suit splashing in the water.
An older man sits and several people stand.
Two young boys sitting beside a fresh fruit stand, at a farmers market.
3 boats in the water, person in middle boat wearing a purple shirt.
A woman in a black tank top and a man in an orange shirt sit their backs to the camera.
A man playing a bass on stage.
A lone bicyclist wearing a helmet jumping a graffitied concrete ramp.
A bulldozer on a beach with no water.
A large brown dog sits next to a small white dog in a field of long grass.
The Canadian biker sponsored by H&amp;R Block rides by.
A woman is riding her bike in a bike race.
A man holds up a contestant in a bicycle race.
Three children are wearing face paint and smiling.
A child paints with different colors using brushes.
The man is performing a trick high in the air with a bicycle.
Man in red jacket climbing ice face.
Three women in saris dance near a large flag.
Two people playing with a Frisbee.
Four boys are outside at a playground with a green and yellow ball.
The three field hockey players are all chasing the ball.
Boy jumping off skateboard as it goes down the stairs.
A little girl painting the sidwalk white.
Four men are looking at the motor of their boat in the river.
A baseball is being thrown at a volleyball net.
A girl is performing while dressed in a green and white striped sari.
The gymnast is wearing a red outfit and jumping.
A man wearing glasses, a white shirt and tie, and slacks stands by a bed that has white pillows on it.
Two young men are posing for the camera.
Two kids and a man are walking by a poorly put together shack.
Men play baseball.
A woman in red, white and blue racing attire riding a bicycle.
A cyclist is getting ready to start his indoor race.
A woman in a furry hat and black overcoat putting on her left shoe.
A couple stands close at the water's edge.
A man wearing a light blue sweatshirt is sitting at a table in front of a budweiser bottle.
These (7) ladies received an award and some presented with flowers with one man at-ease.
Teen athletes are resting on a bench after their run.
The bike racers are racing
A man is trying out a display piece of exercise bike equipment.
Young cyclists prepare for a race.
Six competitive cyclists wait for the race to begin at the starting line.
A group of cyclists are racing in a velodrome.
A boy does gymnastics in the grass by the blue play tunnel, as two boys stand on the patio of a ranch-style house.
Kids playing ball in the park.
Two horses look over a fence at a child wearing a red sweatshirt.
A group of people gather on a gravel road near a car.
A young man is jumping over a long pole at a skate park.
A person wipes out in the water.
A group of students smiling in front of a camera.
A tan dog watching a brown dog swimming in a pond.
A boy swings on a swing set.
Two people are playing golf on a golf course.
The girl in the pink top is riding a skateboard along a white wall.
A dog is jumping through a red hoop
There are groups of people in green or purple shirts gathered outside holding signs and purple balloons.
A woman is purchasing items from the man in the red shirt's yard sale.
Two women, one with a camera, reach out and touch a mirrored ball.
A man in a straw hat and overalls is with a friend outdoors.
A smiling girl slides down a purple slide feet first.
Young couple wearing formal wear, slow dancing on the dance floor.
The bride in the white dress is surrounded by the groomsmen and bridesmaids, all in black.
A young couple in wedding outfits poses for a picture.
A little league football game is underway in a suburban neighborhood.
A man and a woman in wedding clothes look out toward the water.
A man plays a guitar while sitting on bleachers in front of a lake.
Two boys sitting and eating ice cream.
A black dog running in shallow water on a beach.
The elaborate Jesus shrine is being carried in a parade.
Men in blue carrying something on their shoulders followed by a band.
A white woman holding a Panasonic video camera in a park.
A surfer wearing a black and green wetsuit riding a wave.
The skateboarder is riding the ramp next to the very big painting.
A skateboarder is performing stunt on a graffiti covered skateboard ramp.
A girl is kneeling on a swing at the park.
A mountain biker is jumping his bike over a tree stump in the woods.
Four bridesmaids posing dramatically with the groom.
One young girl dressed in red polka dot outfit plays with toy.
A woman walks four dogs.
A girl with freckles and metal earrings enjoys a cherry indoors.
A man windsurfs in a wetsuit.
Two women sitting back to back outise an office area.
A person playing cricket in an all green outfit
A brunette flight attendant in a red uniform is pushing a meal cart on the airplane.
A dog with a yellow toy is being chased by another dog
A black dog walks on the beach near the rocks.
A red truck is driving over a rocky surface.
An African American woman walks down the street while talking on a cellphone holding a black purse.
A man finishing up some floor work with a brush.
An Asian young woman wearing a white shirt and black pants is holding a pink purse.
A young boy plays on a swing.
A large yellow dog and a small white dog in the grass.
A man stands on a ladder propped up against a brick building.
A woman and a baby take a nap in the sand.
Texas baseball player catches the ball on base while the opponent slides.
A man on a boat getting ready to pull in his net to see what he caught.
A team of four judges rates a competition.
A man wearing black, speaks into a microphone, while a woman writes.
Four people are sitting at a table in front of an audience.
An explorer in an ice cave stands above a large sheet of dark blue ice.
Three cowboys grabbing a bull by the horns and wrestling it.
Two men in black suits are walking towards a business office.
Someone bent a bit in the middle of a large building.
A man in a white shirt and a black baseball cap reaching up to a sign on a brick wall.
A man in a blue shirt is riding his bike on a paved road.
A blond girl and brunette brown hanging by gymnastic ropes
A fisherman in a hat gathering his nets in murky water near the shore.
A group of people walking in the same direction include two women, one of whom is wearing sunglasses and shorts.
A young man wearing a checkered shirt at a young bull fight.
A girl is jumping off a high dive in an urban setting.
Asian women at a party are talking by the wall.
This rooftop skateboarder flies high doing a trick to impress his friend.
A 5-person band is performing on a stage inside a tent.
A young girl in a riding outfit is sitting on a horse holding a teddy bear.
A man is walking outside with two dogs.
Women in a green dress with a purple hula hoop around her, a large crowd of people behind her.
A man in a red coat is snowblowing a parking lot.
A small asian boy wearing a black and blue t-shirt is standing on a white staircase.
A group of men play instruments on a stage.
A woman on her cellphone, and a man laying next to her on his cellphone as well.
People in pirate outfits are playing in a band.
A child wearing a helmet riding a mountain bike very fast through a forest.
Man on top of a partially completed roof getting ready to lay down more shingles.
A brown and black dog watches over a heard of animals.
A large group posing for a photo on a lawn.
The woman is walking with her children all holding ice cream cones.
Skateboarder in a red shirt grinding along the edge of a concrete ramp.
Two girls are playing softball and one is sliding to the home plate.
A group of individuals chatting at a bar.
Construction workers balance on a narrow beam far above the ground.
A boy throws leaves into the air.
Black, brown and white dog crouches on three legs in the grass.
The skateboarder gets to the top of the ramp.
Several people watching as a skateboarder leaps down a flight of stairs.
A dog jumps of a surfboard
A boy stands in the middle the road and kicks a red ball.
Young girl in pink hat taking pictures.
They are playing with a soccer ball on the beach.
Two men are playing in a sports game together.
A man in uniform wears a helmet with chin strap and red top.
The brown and white dog is walking in shallow waters.
A Pug dog is standing up on two legs looking over a stone wall.
A man rides a bike in the woods.
A white and brown dog is playing in the dirt with a toy.
People in Ghostbusters outfits stand on a sidewalk.
Females are painting a large grid painting of Africa and other parts of the world.
Two dogs play in shallow water.
Three Vietnamese women paddle their boats along the river market in the morning.
A pair of boots are worn by a woman wearing orange tights.
A raft is being paddled through a white water river.
A man and a woman looking over a railing.
Guys drinking in a crowded pub, just chatting and having a beer.
A woman playing mini-golf, putting a blue ball out of the water.
A small child in a blue jacket is using his yellow pale to water a plant.
A woman retrieving balls from a miniature golf hole.
A boy with a red shirt waves his arms in the air as he looks at another person.
A guy jumps off of rocks into the water.
Two little orange and white dogs are in the snow.
A blue building has smoke pouring out while a firetruck sits in front of it.
A person wearing a red jacket holds a beer while a man in a white shirt follows.
A woman with a black and white sweater standing on a walkway.
A man in a blue shirt riding a bicycle through a park.
A group of people dressed well, outside of 2 cars
Five military personnel in blue pants with brass instruments.
They are practicing for the band for the parade.
A child in a helmet plays on a skateboard by a playground.
A little girl blows out the candles on her cake.
A family and a man in military clothing look at a cake.
Six people are walking up a blue ramp
A woman riding a horse in a show jumping competition.
Two dogs are running on a beach.
A blond girl has her mouth open, looking away from the photographer.
Two old guys are sitting on a park bench
A dog runs through a grassy field of yellow flowers.
A man with sunglasses walking in a park.
People sit at tables next to hedges.
A group of women are having makeup applied.
A woman in a white dress sits while another woman blow dries her hair.
Boys are throwing a football on the beach.
A man is sleeping on the grass and covered up with a pink blanket.
A boy wearing a blue shirt is standing in front of farm equipment.
A naked girl covered in painted flower designs riding a bicycle.
A couple dressed in formal wear is kissing by a lake.
A group of people are standing outside near a green tent.
Three preppy men stand around a formal dinner table outside.
Two white dogs are splashing around in white waves.
A man showing a book at the U.S. Army Yongsan Library.
A woman showing a children's book who seems to be upset by the content.
A lady reading a story book.
Two little kids are decorating cupcakes with tubes of frosting.
Women are sitting around a room having a lively conversation.
The woman is training her dog to jump through hoops using training equipment.
A man in a building playing a horn.
A black dog swims in a large pool.
An elderly woman in a crowd pushing a wheelchair.
A girl with short black hair and a girl with long blond-hair pose while ice skating.
The woman wearing a red bow walks past a bicycle.
A girl drawing a picture with a lady helping her standing behind her.
Small puppies in bathtub being given a shower with handheld showerhead
One bird is landing on the shore near many other birds.
A young girl stands on the sand by a shore.
A dog fetching a stick in the water.
A girl in a red shirt is swinging on her stomach.
A child is jumping over a hole in the ground.
A dog bites another dog's neck.
A child riding a red and yellow merry-go-round while his feet up in the air.
The little girl in her bathing suit stands near the sprinkers and squeals.
A hiker posing on a cliff high in the mountains.
A man and woman sit in wicker furniture.
A man wearing colorful clothing and medallions on his head beats a drum while standing next to a small tree.
A mountain biker does a trick on a forest path.
A black dog is running through the snow with something in its mouth.
The two boxers are females.
A woman with long black hair is printing a white pattern on a blue piece of fabric.
Two Indian women look over fabric.
A brown horse is in a weird pose while galloping outside.
An old man with a beige hat playing on his black accordion.
A boy is about to jump into the water.
People gathered along roadside holding flag's colored red, green and white.
A bicyclist performing a trick over a heavily graffitied wall.
Young girl brushing a horse with a handheld mane brush.
Two girls are sitting in front of a statue.
The airplane is billowing smoke and looks like it may crash.
A shirtless man is cooking on an outdoor grill.
A man in a blue shirt cleaning windows from a harness.
Skateboarders are doing tricks on a staircase next to mirror buildings.
A boy in a striped oxford shirt points.
A young girl dumps confetti onto a woman's head as she smiles.
A man jumps in the air in the middle of a road.
A little boy in a blue shirt and kaki shorts is playing on a playground.
Two girls are in a school hallway.
A person in a black tank top is playing the french horn with other people.
A young girl holding two hiking poles is standing on a rock in a creek.
Ballet class performance with teacher nearby helping them remember their moves on stage.
Two men dressed up walk along the street while another man stares at them.
A man jumping that is in midair doing a split in front of a beautiful building in the background.
Two young children shovel snow outside an apartment complex.
Young man with upturned hair posing with young man with sunglasses and woman with glasses
A black dog jumping over a hurdle.
A cyclist airborne having jumped his bike off a graffiti covered ramp.
Three men eating food on a couch.
A group of people sitting in a pink room with candles.
A man standing on a ladder talking to another man who is hanging out of a window.
A man and a woman on stage performing a dance.
A person skateboarding at a skate park.
Several young people riding on a big yellow fair ride
Several elderly men sit on a bench in park.
A young girl making a pattern to design clothes.
A group of people is outside taking a source.
Small Asian girl and boy running towards the camera in the opposite direction of the other people.
A man is holding a microphone wearing white pants.
A man is pole vaulting in front of a white building.
A man in black is singing into a microphone.
A young girl is fishing with some elderly people, possibly her grandparents.
This person is doing a trick on his bicycle.
An adult women and a little girl sit by water in the woods.
A man with a vest and tie on performing in front of a crowd.
A girl wearing a pink hat and gray pants climbing a chain link fence.
A brown dog lies on its back fighting with a brown and white dog.
There is a man pitching a baseball and has a glove his left hand.
An Asian family sits down for a snack
A boy in a red shirt is fishing with three of his friend on a bridge.
A small tan dog herding some sheep
A young girl in a pink dress with something in her hand.
A dancer poses in an empty room.
A chubby baby with an orange hat splashes in a shallow body of water.
A man holds a small child's hand as they wade in a shallow river.
A small boy is playing a racing arcade game.
An eclectic group performs their concert, complete with hooded robes.
A man, wearing all black clothing, is running down the street as a car comes toward him with its headlights on.
Two females jump off of swings.
A picture of a walkway formed by two rows of columns.
The crowd of people is standing outside near a fire pit.
There is a crowd of people of men, women and children.
A girl sits on a swing ride.
A man in a white uniform rides a motocross bike down a forest trail.
The person is going into the water.
Tourists enjoy a traditional boat ride in long paddle boat.
A young boy reaches for and touches the propeller of a vintage aircraft.
A man and woman walking down a sidewalk, table with umbrella set up in the background.
A woman is jumping on a dock by the waterside.
A tennis player is trying to hit the ball.
Two children are playing with baby dolls while adults watch them.
A person does a trick with a skateboard.
The man in the green shirt is looking up.
A group of people are out on watercraft in the middle of the ocean.
A festival where music is being played and people are congregating.
Many people sitting at the bar with drinks in front of them.
Handicapped woman standing in front of a Tartuffe poster.
A young man in a yellow shirt flies off his surfboard into a wave.
A few couples sitting on beanches next to a pool
A man is using his finger to draw something on the sand next to a kid.
A person carving a hawk out of a tree trunk with a chainsaw.
The man in the plaid shorts is building a large sand sculpture while two other men buried in sand are looking on from beneath a blue umbrella.
A young woman performing a traditional dance.
A little girl plays in a ball pit while her family looks on.
A woman brushing her hair in the bathroom.
A girl taking a picture with her cellphone of a large group of people.
People getting on and off and orange bus.
A mother and kids are admiring a huge soft figure of a pig.
A guy in red on a bike in midair.
A fit woman in red running briefs begins to run on a track.
A man in a blue shirt at a restaurant.
People walk in the street where a barricade has been set up.
Kid doing tricks on a skateboard
A man watches a child walk down the street beside the railroad tracks.
Members of a marching band and dancers in yellow-fringed outfits perform on a sports field.
A band member in a black, white and red uniform holds his silver horn.
A young man parasailing in midair over the ocean
An older man walking in the street looking at merchandise.
A young girl in a pink dress dances as a woman blows bubbles.
A person in a yellow helmet on a blue motorcycle is doing tricks.
A street with many vendors selling products including melon.
A woman is waiting for a train at an empty train station.
A group of young adults are taking showers outdoors.
The man is laying in the field reading a book.
Two people standing in front of a waterfall scenery.
Three people are playing in a snowy landscape, one is holding a large snowball ready to drop it on the others.
A marching band line stands and waits in full uniform.
A crowd of people browsing at an open air market on a sunny day.
There is a couple walking through a farmer's market.
A little girl in a pink shirt kicks a blue ball.
People with black balloons on them climbing dirt hill
Two young girls are arm wrestling in their hotel room while another girl watches.
A girl is jumping on the bed.
Man with an orange shirt is grinding on stone, he is not wearing shoes.
An Indian man working on a stone wall.
A dog stands on the beach with a large rock behind him.
Two children wearing denim walk on a runway.
A young woman dresses flamboyantly for some kind of festival involving a lot of color.
A law enforcement official has a suspect seated on the ground in his custody.
Three girls are dancing in a large room.
Two women participate in a martial arts match.
Kids jump their bikes off of dirt ramps near a waterfront.
A closeup of two women standing together.
A man in a white shirt and tie points to an image in a children's book while a small girl watches.
A child pours syrup on a spinning device
A child in a flower print dress is in a field of flowers.
A man in skateboarding in an empty swimming pool.
Woman with not a whole lot of clothes on playing on phone
A young girl in a playground is pulling the string on a pink yo-yo.
A boy wearing a transformers t-shirt is standing with his hands stretched out.
A man and a woman kiss.
A woman rides a bike on a trail through a field.
A tan dog rolls in the grass.
The woman wearing a black and white jacket and red boots is also wearing headphones.
A group of friends having diner together.
The man is standing next to a yellow building with a blue window.
A woman in a park wearing a purple blouse
One person performing a show in front of a large audience sitting on the lawn
Two girls giving a large dog a bath
A young boy wearing blue pajamas and yellow glasses leaping into the air.
A child in blue with glasses.
Two black belts sparring, one kicking the other in the face.
A disk jockey holds a picture of Michael Jackson.
A city street, outside of a clothing store, with several passersby.
A young boy jumps off a swing set.
A girl with a boy standing behind her is stepping into a swimming pool
Three dogs run through a manicured lawn.
A woman is working a laboratory, examining something in a petri dish under a microscope.
A boy on a skateboard in midair
Two women and child eat ice cream cones on bridge decorated with flowers.
Kicking up sand, a beach volleyball player jumps for the ball.
A bearded man at a fair wearing a black tank top and a plaid hat.
A woman with dark hair is wearing a green sweater.
Three children in winter clothing using a telescope outdoors.
The Connah Store where they sell tobacco, candy, magazines, and coffee.
An elderly gentleman s having his right eye diagnosed by a medical professional.
A young girl with blond-hair holding onto a rail
Woman kicking head of another kickboxer
Man wearing boys will do boys shirt waves at camera during gay pride parade
A dog jumps and runs through the forest and snow-covered ground.
The dog is swimming across the water.
A woman with long dark hair washes her dishes along side a dirty pool of water.
A Boston baseball player at bat
A girl leans on a kitchen counter laughing, with the waistband of her pants at crotch level.
A muscular black man dancing in short shorts.
A street performer with a guitar is playing music and requesting tips.
Horses with jockeys participate in a race.
A man wearing a suit and eyeglasses is walking on a sidewalk.
The young lady walks down the street on a beautiful day.
Two baseball players on a field, with four spectators, and a crowd.
Two puppies playing with a plastic bag.
Two small children are smiling and one is pointing while holding something red.
A woman following through on a tennis hit.
A person is dressed in a black vest and hat with lots of flowers attached.
A little girl is peaking out from behind a tree.
A young man in a gray sweater is looking downtown.
A brown spotted dog walks in shallow water.
A bride and her bridesmaids are lined up outside looking at a man coming dressed in a dark suit.
A young man wearing a purple shirt does the limbo in a gymnasium.
A man dressed as a woman wearing face paint sitting next to another man.
The two children watch the small yellow dog on the tree.
A man is holding a shopping basket standing in front of a sign at the fish department that says "Fishmonger"
There is a grown duck and several baby ducks.
A person is swimming underwater in a pool.
A person in a canoe is rafting in wild waters.
Two people are riding dirt bikes on a sunny day in a forested area.
There are many people outside of a large building.
A young man with gold short shorts and a black top is walking in a parade.
People are waving from a bus covered in rainbow flags.
A child carrying something in their shirt walks in the rain on the street.
Man dresses up in Hawaiian garb at a local parade.
A man with no shirt is standing in a parade wearing a plastic flower necklace.
A man is shirtless and is covered in red marks.
A person with pink hair and tattoos on their upper and lower back.
Two old men talking on a bench.
A man sitting in sand holding a small statue carved of wood.
A human figure in a nature-like costume standing as the center of attention at a party.
A woman in a red shirt and multicolored hat does dishes in the sink.
A dog gets sprayed by a hose.
A boy in a yellow shirt and blue jeans jumps over exercise pylons while two boys dressed in soccer uniforms look on.
Two girls are sitting outside steps talking.
A little boy in a red t-shirt jumps off of a blue slide at a playground.
This child is holding red, white, and blue balloons
A DJ is spinning records at a club full of people.
Two kids running past a dinosaur in the woods.
Three people, two men and one woman, are riding bicycles in a parade.
Several uniformed men carrying flags and guns are leading a parade contingent along a small town street.
A long-haired woman with sunglasses is dancing with two other people in a parade.
A man in uniform waves and smiles at camera
People are dressed in purple, blue, green, yellow, orange and red costumes for a parade.
Six people play xylophones in a darkened room.
A concert band displays patriotism and talent, through dress, as well as their music.
This gentleman is performing his "one man" show.
A man in a white shirt carries a drum as he talks to two other men.
A woman is holding out a peace sign during a parade.
A few people with a girl standing up in the center wearing a green dress
A group of children are admiring pictures lying in the sand.
A woman in a white halter dressing standing at a counter with bowls of food looking off into another room.
A man is jumping over a water fountain.
A man and little girl in a pink life vest and red flotation device swimming.
A man playing with a small child in a pool.
A man with glasses and a green shirt is sitting to a desk.
A man dives into a swimming pool at the hotel.
An Asian woman is running on a rocky path.
A woman nears a cliff's edge.
A man with green glasses does a trick on his skateboard.
A female runner in a race
Guy with his shirt off has part of his Calvin Klein underwear showing and he is walking next to guy in white shirt and black skirt and black leggings.
A person riding a bike, doing a very high jump.
A young child playing on the floor with letters made out of quilted fabric.
A person jumping off a dock into water.
A female police officer stands next to a woman dressed as the Joker in Batman.
Two people walks across a field of snow.
Two people are fighting each other in some type of karate, both are wearing the typical white outfit with black belts.
Bill Cunningham on the streets of NYC.
A juggler and a boy in a top hat with a sword stand in front of a crowd.
A dark-haired man and a little boy use screwdrivers to work on screen door.
A kid doing tricks on a skateboard on a bridge
A man participates in a bmx race.
Three people are walking past a selection of warning cones on a sidewalk.
Bearded man in gray and red shirt pulling a rope.
A man wearing white, including shin guards, swings the bat in a cricket game.
A group of three dogs are walking through the snow.
A group of people helping each other to take down a white canvas.
A man in white stands in front of a barbecue.
A girl with brown, curly hair is using a blue mobile device inside a room.
A father and daughter throwing rocks into a small stream.
A man and a young boy are outside, taking a break from riding a bike.
Person playing piano that has mermaid painting on the side
An airplane is flying over the mountain trying to extinguish a fire.
Two people are dragging a yellow raft into a river.
A group of people in green shirts push a cannon in a parade.
A skateboarder without a shirt grabs his board in the air.
A group of five boys are sitting on rocks near a waterfall.
Young adults gather near a bright light.
A young girl with short hair is weaving on a loom.
A woman in an orange shirt is weaving.
A sideshow barker on a small stage on the sidewalk trying to call in customers.
A blond woman with a red backpack in the snow.
Two people sitting on benches and looking at each other.
A man riding on a red bicycle.
The people in white and maroon clothes are in a wooden building.
A man in sunglasses uses a large metal grill.
A group of children are waving a large cloth up and down.
While several people walk behind them, a man and woman are drawing on the sidewalk.
Two girls collide during a fast paced game of capture the flag in a park.
A chubby, redheaded child swings a bat at a ball on a tee.
A man wearing a red shirt is walking past a bicycle.
The drummer beats the drums at an outdoor concert.
A woman with a hat is leading a small dog through an obstacle course.
Two guys playing ball and making faces.
A woman getting a styling cut from a female hair stylist.
Two similar brown dogs share holding a white toy while swimming.
A young girl in a yellow top and a flowered skirt is standing on a blanket and biting on a toy.
Little girl in yellow shirt, holds a white hat as she sits on a blanket near a tree.
Dog leaps high for yellow ball as another dog waits below on grass.
Man doing a flip into the water where a lady waits.
A bicyclist wearing a helment riding down a steep ramp
Man with dark hair and beard eating a crunchy food item drinking coffee.
A man wearing inline skates is skating down a cement wall
A boy making a face while sitting in his car seat
Two girls are kicking each other in martial arts uniforms.
A man holding a bag walking down a long staircase.
A group of college students gathers to play texas hold em poker.
A man crouching down, attempting to use a machine of some sort.
A small tan dog runs through the snow.
A woman and two children stand in front of plants.
Two children and a man are looking at the grass beside a lake.
A boy holds a red umbrella in a muddy yard.
A young male in a blue shirt walk past a white truck at a construction site.
A man in jeans looking in the back of his truck for something.
A group of people look on as a man points to a whiteboard.
A blond little boy is standing by a fence.
A man is walking inside of a large yellow and blue hot air balloon on the ground.
Near snowflake sign, man sits while another stands wearing badge and headphones.
A person waterskiing in a river with a large wall in the background.
A man with a guitar is speaking into a microphone.
A crowd stands on a over water bridge with city buildings in the background.
A bald, shirtless man rock climbing.
A man is standing on a roof drying cloths on top of several cement houses.
Man and boy wearing life jacket in water posing for a picture
A man is taking a picture of a bicyclist performing a trick in the air.
A bird takes off, surrounded by large rocks
Two females are sitting working on an artistic rug.
A child kicks the air outside at a sporting event.
The white crane is searching for food in a pond.
A boy is posing with a metal ladle in each hand.
Two children in jackets walking down a dirt road carrying flowers.
A boat floats in the water.
Three people are pulling a rope on a hillside.
Group of mothers and young women walking with their children.
A male tennis player jumps in the air as he prepares to return the ball.
A little girl is riding her bike on a dirt trail.
A group of children on a sidewalk by two clear pitchers.
The man in the room is wearing a robe.
A man jumps of the handrail of an outdoor staircase.
A woman with a colorful scarf is walking outside.
Two women sitting on a wood bench along a waterfront edge.
Person doing a trick bike move in a skatepark.
A lady wearing red glasses and a floral shirt speaks to passengers in a bus.
A boy sticks an aligator puppet out of a camper van window.
A man and a woman sit back-to-back on a bench outside a storefront.
A man is walking by Brenmark Tools &amp; Fasteners.
An older man in a gray shirt standing by a building that has meat hanging out to dry.
A family sits at a park while birds fly around.
The dog runs next to the crashing waves of the ocean.
A man in a cowboy hat is riding a horse around a barrel.
Three men are working outside in the sun.
A woman in a black shirt sings on stage.
Men race their bikes on a road.
Two gentlemen in tuxes play the keyboard and guitar.
A baby and 2 year old laying on the ground under a play mobile.
A girl wearing colored striped pants brushing her teeth next to a white couch.
In a UFC match, one fighter has the other one down on the canvas and is about to hit him with his left hand.
Someone riding a snowmobile pops a wheelie.
A balding man wearing blue is riding a unicycle on a paved road.
A musician and a lady with brown hair are about to sing.
A man with the face paint of a clown holds a ukulele and harmonica.
A man and woman laughing while they hold an award.
The man is making a throwing motion, while standing on the shore.
Two boxers punch each other in the face at the same time.
A woman is running with a dog in a grassy field with trees in the background.
A group of people traveling in a small wooden boat.
There is a woman holding a baby, along with a man with a save the children bag.
A boy is sitting on a boat with two flags.
A young child playing video games on a Nintendo DS.
A man wearing a brown jacket holds up a yellow object.
The man with the eccentric clothing and hair poses in a store.
A group of children in the ride called "Frog Hopper".
A group of four friends, on of which is shirtless, jump with joy in front of a pier.
A guy is driving a go-cart on the streets.
A man pops a wheelie on a bike on a rocky beach.
Man sleeping in a chair on a sidewalk in New York City.
A man skateboarding at a skateboarding park which is covered in graffiti.
Many people sit in a Mexican restaurant.
People walking through a garden in the middle of a city.
A young woman singing and playing guitar in a performance.
A group of people riding camels with red seat covers along a sandy shore, and three people are on foot.
A girl in a pink coat throws leaves in the air.
A group of five workers are gathered around bushes next to a McDonald's sign.
A woman on a surfboard rides a wave
Two men are sitting on a bench looking at a water fountain
A skateboarder in black clothes jumps over a bench.
A dock over water with a palm tree at the end and five boats, during twilight.
A black dog leaping over a hurdle.
A girl and a woman walk through a street and are about to pass a telephone booth.
A man plays the bagpipes.
A black dog jumping in water in the woods.
This boy, wearing a red shirt and blue shorts, is running.
A man in a blue shirt plays a unique instrument that splashes water.
A woman is cooking in a home kitchen.
A little boy wearing a hat and sandals sits on the grass.
A cyclist does a flip in the air.
A little boy is going down a blue and red slip and slide.
A young girl jumping through the air on a playground.
Two children and a black dog are playing out in the snow.
Black dog with red collar splashing in water
A man in a blue t-shirt, sitting on a bed staring at something in wonderment
A child is holding an apple in his mouth
A man and a woman are sitting, while working on the wheel of a blue vehicle.
A group of african american girls are sitting together.
Lone red team player breaks through two black team players, to hit the ball
The lady solicits her restaurants's products on the street.
A man using a wheelchair is talking in a field to a couple women.
A man sitting at a table works on a computer.
A man in a dark hat and glasses is reaching into a bowl on a table filled with various bowls.
A man holding a baby is sitting on a rock outside.
A man in an orange hard hat and orange protective clothing is suspended from a building, cleaning a part of the building.
A worker hangs off of a tall building overlooking traffic below.
A man wearing an orange shirt and helmet is suspended in the air.
Baby in a bubble bath, held by a woman in a blue shirt.
A man in orange is hanging by a cable doing some work on a building.
Two people eating at a restaurant.
A man and a woman are admiring a bright red motorcycle parked outside a restaurant
A young kid riding a dirt bike on a track.
Two adults and two boys posing with mountains and a lake in the background
A corgi is walking down a path in a forest.
Shoppers purchase produce from a busy grocery store in Asia.
A girl is being splashed by an ocean wave.
A woman standing with her back toward the viewer has a plush toy in her hood.
A man teaching his toddler how to fix the chain on a bicycle.
Two young boys and a girl are rough-housing on a lawn covered with dry leaves.
A dog treads through dark green water.
A man squatting and spray painting an eye and an apple wearing rubber gloves.
A bunch of people in camo pants run.
There are young men playing a game of football, one man has been tackled by another player.
Brown and white dog jumps over purple and white bar.
A group of people gathered around a mural in an urban area
A store clerk is waiting for some customers.
A bearded man and a bald man carrying prizes at a carnival.
A boy in a blue shirt on a computer.
Black dog near a dock looks into murky water
A woman and a horse are jumping over a miniature building.
A woman in a blue tank top eats a chili cheese hotdog.
A man is unpacking a cooler filled with food.
A woman in a blue tank top is sitting at a table.
A young man looking at a stick.
A young girl in a blue shirt with blue jean shorts is grasping the top of a white cinder block wall.
A woman sitting at a table wearing a black shirt.
A man with a yellow shirt and black hat is on a path in the wilderness.
A man crouches on the sidewalk next to a little girl.
A little boy smiles as he holds a blue umbrella above him.
A woman travels by a large octopus sand sculpture on the beach.
Two females are standing next to each other and appear to be unexcited.
A girl is sitting on a rock next to a waterfall.
Two children wearing shorts climb on top of a jungle gym.
A family visits a forest as tourists.
A man with a backpack over his shoulders is walking through a forest.
A group of people walking on a trail.
A shirtless tattooed man is working on a scaffold outside of a window.
A boy on a deck with a red bucket on his head.
A white bird is flying off the water surface.
Three women wearing traditional apparel make the final touches on their clothing.
Three men in suits are standing in front of signs that say Ford, Auto Alliance and Mazda.
An Asian looking man smiles as he is getting ready to hit a billiard ball.
A young lady wearing a red shirt moving in her wheelchair.
Several women dancing and jumping around.
A group of people enjoying dancing in a room.
A girl in a wheelchair with a red and white shirt has red dots all over her face.
A man wearing a red jacket and knee high boots is fly fishing.
A mom and daughter are sharing ice cream.
A person in a gray jacket with a black messenger back looks over the nearby river and bridge.
Two kids are swinging on a playground.
The rugby players in red are wrestling the player in yellow to the ground.
A man in a black shirt sits next to a woman playing the guitar.
A group of people are standing under a structure, smiling and dancing.
A distorted photo of a playing dog in a flower field
A man is skating down a set of stairs.
Several deer jump a fence into an open field.
A person wearing a helmet begins to fall from a silver scooter.
There is a woman with a green scarf around her head.
A man in a red shirt is looking in his back pocket
Three adults enjoying food around a grill.
Two men are sitting down and reading next to a table with food on it.
A group of people looking at menus in a white restaurant.
The white pelican is flying over the ocean.
Bearded white man puts on a green outfit.
A young person diving to make a catch during a game of ultimate frisbee.
Someone is purple is carrying a screen made from wood and mesh.
Women on the beach returning to their car after long day
Boy in midair on bicycle
A crowd of people are standing on a wet sidewalk in front of a construction sign.
One little girl in a yellow shirt carrying a basket of flowers.
Two medical professionals are assisting a small, elderly lady in a wheelchair, while another lady watches.
A woman in a blue shirt is speaking to a group of children.
The woman in the black shirt hands papers to the children surrounding her.
A woman standing next to a washing machine holding a large polka dot sheet.
A little girl in a blue helmet is petting a horse.
A man is making his car ready for race.
Two men in white shirts standing under what appears to be a large black umbrella.
A dad and his son are playing with some Legos in the child's bedroom.
A young woman is taking care of the person's feet.
An elderly woman gets her blood pressure checked.
Two women with their arms around each other smile.
A woman and three men are posing for a photo
Several trucks stopped outside for some type of outdoor event.
Two males are sitting in back of a pick up truck.
A woman wearing colonial clothing is sitting on the grass reading to a young girl.
A man services a red and white hot rod dragster car.
Race team in black t-shirt service their red and white car.
An old fashioned car is coming down the street.
A man with a tattoo wearing a sleeveless tailcoat is balancing a unicycle on his chin in front of a building.
A pit crew is getting a vehicle ready for the race.
A group of men stand around a red and white funny car at the drag races.
A team stands around their dragster.
A man in sunglasses sits in a race car with an exposed engine.
Red boat marked GRAHAM races across water.
A race car speeds away while a man covers his ears.
A nice red and white car is being tended to at a racetrack.
A white male with a black hat and blue shirt sitting on a fence playing a guitar
An Indian group are praying on a deck by water.
A guy playing a violin on the street and four women are listening to him
A man wearing pants plays a guitar while on stage.
A medium shot of a crowd protesting to bring the troops home.
A woman in great shape is pole-vaulting over a bar.
Two men cook together with a metal bowl, near a hanging plant.
A man lying on the grass next to a small lake.
Greyhound dogs race on the track, with #8 leading the way.
The man rides his bicycle up the brick wall.
A group of young boys on opposing teams are playing soccer.
Two young boys in bathing suits walk
A surfer catching a large wave in the ocean.
A woman plays a violin outdoors.
A small brown and white dog is playing with the sprinkler in the grass.
A young fair-skinned boy rides a play horse at a playground.
A group of young people enjoy a fair ride.
Several old fashioned cars are parked together.
A man and a woman walk past a red car with a silver hood ornament
People sing with large maroon books.
A tan and black dog jumps through a water sprinkler in the yard.
A crowd of people at a show.
A large group of young adults are crammed into an area for entertainment.
Two people dressed in karate outfits are fighting.
Five young men on three rafts float in a body of water.
Kites attached to wheeled devices in a field
There are many men racing on their bicycles.
Woman and man sit next to their green truck.
A baseball player dodges a ball with his bat high in the air.
A black dog trying to mate with a brown dog
A man wearing glasses and a blazer stands in front of a billboard sign.
A woman walking on a sidewalk getting ready to cross the street.
A woman in a white shirt is standing by a Gwan Multipurpose Centre sign.
An elderly woman is crying while sitting in a window.
A woman wearing a colorful shawl on her head is using a sewing machine.
Four dogs are playing and jumping in the air outside.
The man in the bright colored shirt is balancing a knife on his arm.
Man raising young boy into the clear blue sky.
Look Guys it's going to be a long row home so all of us have to get ready and I do mean all of us.
A woman is laying out papers on a table.
A man with long hair is playing an acoustic guitar.
A man is standing beside his stand waiting.
The man is sitting down while enjoying his beer.
Two martial artists compete in a match.
A woman in a black dress holding sunglasses.
A man is posed standing on one hand on a skateboard ramp.
Two woman stand near a door.
An adult and child are walking past a contemporary-style building.
A little girl looks at a birthday cake while a man holds a baby.
An asian man grills meat.
An Asian woman is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror.
A scuba diver poses for the camera while underwater, holding a large light.
A woman wearing a blue hat and blue shirt with a yellow skirt is painting a picture.
A bicycler balances his bike on a rail.
A woman sits and reads in the stoop of a wooden door.
Someone in astronaut gear is being submerged underwater.
The little girl in the yellow hat is buried up to her waist in the sand on the beach.
A woman laughing as her husband has his arm around her.
A man in silver car talking on cellphone and another man standing on sidewalk.
Four people standing on a boat on the lake.
A man, woman, and another man are walking through a grassy field.
A man wearing a blue shirt is holding his arm out towards a shark.
A little girl rides a toy bike and laughs.
A group of people are entering a sports stadium.
A pitcher wearing a red shirt and white pants is standing on the mound.
A pitcher stands on the mound.
Lead singer of the band "Green Day", Billy Joe, sings a song on stage with a young boy in the background.
Four people standing on a raft sailing away on the water.
A line of people are leaving the sidewalk and entering a yellow school bus.
Top of the stands looking down at the baseball stadium.
A man in a red cap, yellow shirt, and black shorts looks down on a stadium.
An entertainer is making balloon animals for children.
A woman wearing sunglasses is listening to a Walkman and smoking a cigarette.
A woman and child sitting in a big tree with large branches.
A small child looking at a cactus garden.
Orange dog looks over shoulder, near posts in rural area.
A woman with a red scarf, white shirt, and tan shorts is giving a shushing sign to the camera in front of shelves of books.
Man in a hat is enthusiastically playing the fiddle on a sidewalk
A baby in a baby seat wearing a red beanie that says "love".
A picture of a sidewalk between a road and buildings.
A woman is eating at a table as people walk by.
Children in flamboyant red, white, and gold costumes dancing in a parade.
Two little girls, one on the floor, and one on the top bunk, are showing off their princess castle bunk bed.
3 dark-skinned males, two shirtless, are on a grassy area with trees scattered around them.
Crowd of sightseers gathered on a dock with the ship "evergreen" in the background.
A Tribe Warrior dressed with Culture attire.
A young boy wearing a dark blue hat sleeps on a bench at a terminal.
Large commercial brick building with construction workers and a heavy equipment.
An older man with a long white beard and wearing mud boots is digging up mud for a garden.
A woman competes in an equestrian competition atop a white horse.
Group of children playing pin the tail on the donkey at a relay.
A little boy at camp, in a blue shirt, throwing a football.
A man outside in a chef's tunic is unpacking small, green vegetables.
Two men stand in an electric outdoor lift.
Five men in black and yellow clothing staring up and a woman holding a bike standing behind them.
A man is standing inside a cherry picker.
A man of some native African tribe looking off into the distance.
Two men in green and black clothing ride high in a basket crane.
A boy with blue socks and red pants and a shirt with prints on it jumps inside the house.
A man in black-yellow carnival feathers, playing the drum.
There are two kids in swimmies playing outside next to some trees.
A man wearing a baseball cap is skateboarding.
Two men standing on a rock at the edge of the ocean.
Construction workers are busy working while people are walking by.
A girl wearing a blue and pink swimsuit is throwing stones into a lake.
Cooks in a pizza parlor check the oven.
Man wearing purple shirt and black pants, holding a camera, standing in a city park.
A man with a drink cup is talking to another man.
A child in a blur shirt playing in a flower bed.
A child smiles and hangs off a small train.
A man in a black shirt carrying a young child.
A little boy puts a bat on his forehead and spins around.
Several men and women are sitting in chairs on someone's backyard patio.
Two girls drink at a party.
A man in a black shirt and a cast smokes a cigarette.
A large man at a party, with a drink in his right hand.
A man smiles for the camera with a beer in hand.
A man stands near a building.
A little girl wearing a pink shirt is sitting at the table and drinking a milkshake
Two females are working out on a beach.
Two hikers are trekking across a sloping hillside with deep brush in spots.
A boy in a green shirt above something blue.
Two old bearded men frown and look off into the distance.
A country crowd at a festival.
Two officers in tan standing on the side of a city street.
The child in superman T-shirt is laughing.
A little girl wearing a bathing suit while eating a watermelon in the water.
Two women having fun at a party.
A man with a white hard hat is loading branches into a wood chipper.
A group of friends is celebrating at a party.
A woman in a dark shirt holds up a photo cutout at a party.
A man holding a beer smiles with his eyes closed.
A man and a woman in front of a mirror, she smiles as he kisses her cheek.
A drunk looking woman is hugging a drunk looking man.
Two college boys posing for a picture at a party at night.
A person is working on the machine.
A young person pitches in a baseball game.
People lined up going up stairs single file.
A group of spectators are watching a choir performance.
These people are waiting in line on a staircase.
Man in black tux singing his solo part in the performance.
An older woman in a multicolored outfit sitting next to a pile of peanuts.
A person is performing a trick in the air with a dirt bike.
A blond woman and a man in jeans sitting on a bench outside.
A person walks up a white sandy hill against the blue sky.
Many young people are sitting and laying on blankets in a field.
A brown fluffy dog lays in the snow with its green ball.
A group of men play hockey.
A woman in a brown shirt is kneeling in the street.
Little kid is taking a bit of something from a puppet.
Children playing in water looking at a giant picture of a person's face.
A man skies on snow with mountains in the background.
A woman in a pink sweater is singing to a man in a suit.
A man wearing headphones is standing in front of a poster.
Girl holding multicolored balloons stands outside in the middle of a crowd.
A group of colorful kayaks paddling through the water
A blond, male child jumping in the air on a porch in the backyard.
A man in a red shirt bending over outside an empty building.
Three girls doing back flips on the beach.
A blond-haired baby sitting in his chair being fed.
A man with an open shirt and glasses holding a microphone and another man in a bowler hat and plaid suit using a bow on an instrument.
A young child carrying many balloons.
A young boy enjoys the surf as the sun sits low on the horizon.
A man climbing a rock cliff.
Two people with bicycles are stopped to try and fix the chain on one of the bikes.
A group of people in a small plaza.
A toddler examines soap suds in his hands while taking a bath.
A construction worker creates a cloud of dust as he works.
A woman with brown hair is putting red polish on her toenail.
A group of people are performing a play.
The front of a very small eatery at night
A young boy feeding celery to a deer behind a fence.
2 women sit in front of their tables selling fish on the beach by the ocean.
A father and son watch a man welding on a statue.
Man sitting on a chair in the fields carving a statute supported by a tree trunk.
A little boy is playing on a playground rocking toy.
Several men in silver suits are riding bicycles across a street.
An African woman holding a child in a field.
A female waiter is balancing a tray with one hand.
A curly-haired girl captivated by a butterfly.
A girl with pink hair and neon colored clothing is swinging a pink hula hoop around.
A group of people are at an establishment.
A man is behind a cart trying to sell various food items.
There is a woman throwing daggers at a target, which is a carrot.
Two men and a woman looking at pictures in a tattoo parlor.
A woman in a yellow and black outfit is skiing.
An uniformed man leaned out of a side pilot's window of a large American Airline aircraft to wash the cockpit's window.
Two athletic men and two athletic women run through a park.
A photo of spectators watching band members perform on the violin.
Two women are swinging on a ride.
A group of women are listening to a presentation given by a woman in a lab coat.
Two people sweeping a dirt ground.
A group of women in long, white skirts tie handkerchiefs to their heads.
A young child in only his underwear is vacuuming.
A brunette woman, wearing a tan long-sleeved shirt, puts blush on her cheek bones.
A group of people drinking and talking
Two men are rappelling a building in front of a large group of people.
Children filling water guns from a bucket near a swing-set.
Four women dressed in white midriff displaying outfits flap a white sheet in the air.
Two dancers sit on stage with dramatic lighting.
The boy in the black and red swimsuit is jumping into the water.
Five children walk on a sandy beach.
A small child in gray and orange winks their eye while holding silverware.
A black male wearing goggles is carving a stone sculpture.
A young boy splashing in a small blow-up pool with a green slide behind him.
Little boy in a playground sitting on swing set
A woman in a black two-piece bathing suit jumping into green water.
A boy at the end of a slip and slide.
A male wearing blue overalls, and a blue hat, rides a small house drawn carriage.
A little kid swings on a pole at a playground.
Two old men are playing instruments, one playing the violin and one the accordion.
Fruit and Vegetable stand nicely arranged with two men in the back.
A group of people gather in front of a ticket vendor.
Two girls walking, both with a white shirt and blue shorts on.
Small girl playing in a pile of sand with cars and people in the background.
A bearded man wearing a bandanna with skulls on it is holding a camera.
A little girl at a wedding holds a bouquet of orange flowers.
2 kids being held by a mother in a crowd of people
Two women behind a net on their cellphones with two men seated on a concrete slab on the opposite side of the net.
A young girl holds flowers in one hand and a basket with a bow in another.
Two boys are doing tricks on their skateboards at a skateboard park.
Construction workers pass each other on the sidewalk.
The two men are playing chess in the park.
Three men and two black dogs.
Two construction workers wearing orange hard hats stand on the site of the highway.
Teenage dancers perform at a competition.
A little girl in a green bathing suit is getting splashed in a water fountain.
Some kind of celebration probably in an African city.
This is time lapse photography featuring a person moving lights around in a pattern in the darkness
Three men and one is checking his cellphone.
A band in white hats and gloves plays with a stadium a people in behind them.
Two men are adamantly performing martial arts in a garden.
A man in a heavy black coat carries a newspaper past an advertisement for an espresso.
A man looks down from his balcony from a stone building.
Young boys dressed as confederate soldiers walking in a parade in the rain.
People walking around in a crowded place.
A young girl is walking on the road, while wearing a red and white dress and shoes.
Three people dressed in green feather costumes dance in a festive parade.
An older gentleman is selling produce out of the back of his truck as a woman peruses his products.
Two men in suits, one sitting and one standing, are having a discussion as they wait for public transportation.
Four teenagers are sitting on a bench at night.
A group of men enjoy a day of fishing.
Group of are gathered in a room, they are standing next to a wall.
A young man is jumping his bike at a skate park.
A girl in a purple dress is sitting on furniture with red pillows, while smiling for the camera.
A man is carrying a woman over her shoulders on the beach.
Two guys setting up some kind of canopy near the waters' edge.
A man with camouflage shorts adjusting a mosquito net.
A man with a beard standing in the water next to a wooden platform.
A woman wearing hat is reading her book.
Two men sit on a pontoon boat holding oars and wearing hats.
A woman in a sunhat lays on a large black tube.
A woman in an orange bikini top is massaging a man's back.
Man in float in the water.
A man is enjoying the sun and open air while sailing on a boat.
A man wearing a green shirt skateboarding down a street.
A man smiles as he sits inside a bathtub in a bathroom.
A man kneels down by a machine.
A white man with a beer sitting on a black balloon in a park.
A man in a black hat kneeling down to cut a piece of wood.
A lady in a hat is standing next to a car with a couch and innertubes on top.
A woman is sitting on a couch reading a book.
A group of boys enjoying a day by down the creek.
In the warm sun, a rugged, but well-dressed man, has fallen asleep.
Man drags what seems to be a wooden board with a carpet atop of a shallow body of water.
A woman in a white shirt and black bottoms.
One MMA fighter slamming the other into the mat during a match.
Two men fighting in a MMA match.
The happy, newlywed couple takes a moment to laugh and celebrate before cutting their wedding cake.
Young people standing around smiling.
Two young women wearing colorful costumes show off their hula hoop skills at a friendly competition during a local festival.
Two men play a game while others watch.
Two people, one wearing a checkered shirt, and one wearing a plain light colored shirt, are running on a balcony.
A large orange bus is stopped on the street.
A man wearing cutoff jeans and green sneakers sits with one leg crossed across the other one.
A man sleeping on a couch in front of a glass table.
A man is holding a woman in midair while out in the mountains in front of a hang glider.
A man walking in front of a orange and green backdrop.
A man grips a ladder while his feet fly in the air.
Three people relax on a lake's edge that sits below snowcapped mountain peaks.
A belly dancer wearing a red and gold costume stands with her arms above her head.
A man wearing a red and black robe sitting on a diving board.
A man explodes out of the dark blue waters spraying water up into the air.
A child standing next to a road with automobiles passing by.
Three dogs are playing around in the snow.
Three dogs playing in the snow, with a city in the background.
A man dressed as a clown is trying to force a long balloon into a shape.
Two workers in orange shirts are emptying a trash container.
Many people all taking pictures with cameras.
Woman in red shift and long white socks kneeling on tennis court.
Two young men in unusual clothing are jumping in a gym.
A bunch of people sitting outside a building at night.
A young girl stands in front of a body of water with her hands above her head, smiling.
A young girl wearing a hat and scarf is climbing up a wooden play set.
Three men in combat uniforms are sitting on bricks with a tree in the background.
A yellow dog running along a forest path.
Five men in asian inspired garb wrap clothes around their heads while people converse in the background.
A woman on a beach carries a young child into the water
A woman with a pink bikini diving into a pool.
A girl is sliding into a small pool of water.
An explorer is jumping for joy near his snow bicycle at the edge of a large body of water in a area covered with snow.
One evening three young ladies chatting on the street.
A boy sitting in the doorway of a house in a slum.
The dog jumps over the log with a stick in its mouth.
Two people in hard hats and safety vests working with cable in a grassy area.
Worker's installing new water pipes.
A woman in a black dress, stands alone, looking out to a city.
A lady slicing velveeta cheese, making a funny face.
A young boy and girl are hiding in tall grass.
A blond woman wearing sunglasses on the top of her head.
A mother holding an infant up against her shoulder in a kitchen.
An older boy holding the ears of a younger boy.
A nanny watching her neighbors kids after a long hot day in the city of Las Vegas, Nevada.
Woman in gray is holding a little girl wearing pink.
An Asian man with his head bowed in prayer in front of a golden statue.
The man in the green shirt is smiling and holding an axe.
A man sits a desk, in front of a computer while looking at some paper.
A shirtless man is riding his bicycle, which is on its front wheel.
The boy in gray is laying in the snow while he takes a break.
Two men working on a brick wall.
There is a stadium full of red seats, one cheerleader holds up a sign that says ROCKS.
A gymnasium athlete gets ready to start her gymnasium act.
A young, redheaded boy is dressed in a band uniform playing his instrument in front of the band.
Black and tan small dog walking with perked ears.
Five young people jump in joy at edge of the tropical ocean.
A young girl is using a mop and bucket on the floors.
Two women are examining fern leaves near a bookshelf.
A man in the work clothes is pulling the cord with the truck in the background.
A man in a tool belt is directing a construction site where a large object is lifted.
A man playing the guitar and singing.
An oddly dressed man wearing a plaid skirt and knee-high black boots stands is in the middle of a crowded area.
An older man is talking to two other men in a crowd outside.
A dark-haired girl standing in front of a performing band.
A man and two kids are walking
A man in a red shirt speaking from a pulpit with a Mac.
A young man skateboarding on a rail.
A woman stands at a podium with a slide show behind her.
A man teaching a class about folic acid
A little girl with blond-hair is wearing a dress and a hat that says "Birthday Princess."
Four speed skaters are racing on an ice rink wearing spandex suits and helmets.
Four skaters are competing in a high speed skating competition, and turning on the track.
A female speaker talks about GlamWiki.
Some people and a horse-drawn carriage are in front of a restaurant.
Two people are walking on a trail through the woods.
A naked baby lying down with his eyes closed.
A young girl is sitting at a table writing.
A man dressed in a hat and blue coat rides his bicycle past an outdoor gao quy stand on a sunny day.
A kid is using a touch-screen computer in a retail store.
A lady looks at a poster with a face and several spoons.
Women check out Ron Negro hair mascot.
People try out a game demo at a trade show.
Man wearing red shirt and jeans at an atm
Three utility workers in orange uniforms and white helmets are working near a pole, with two of the workers are the ground and one climbing the pole.
A large group of people are sitting at tables.
A man in an olive shirt texts on his phone as he sits at a table in a cafe.
A man with a red vest and black bowtie is speaking into a microphone.
An older gent shows his expertise in concert on the saw.
Two monks are walking together possibly contemplating life.
This man is looking at a painting, with a brush in his hand.
A man with a big red bowl is walking toward a brown donkey.
A man with a beard is holding a guitar while seated in front of a microphone.
A musician plays music near a tree.
A man sits on a stool, plays a guitar and sings into a microphone next to a fountain.
A boy in a gray shirt holding two over-sized cucumbers.
Flowers are behind the fluffy dog that is coming up the step.
A woman with a lavender shirt carries a large bundle of wood.
A dog with a brindle-colored coat is running across the yard.
A group of people are sitting together at a picnic table.
There is a kid in a blue shirt and shorts with a dog.
A person playing on a rope swing.
Here is a picture of a young boy playing in a golf resort village.
A man wearing a short-sleeve shirt is crouched behind a yellow sunflower.
Many people are gathered around a tall tree that has a ladder leaning against it.
Boy climbing tree with all safety gear attached.
A man walking down a street lined with palm trees.
Several Students watch a teacher in art class.
A woman rock dives feet first arms above head as another woman swims away.
Two men are holding red microphones and white towels.
The four people are walking in the rain.
Two women and a group of men in gray shirts at a club.
A white shirt with design of a lady can be seen hanging in a crowded market
Men and women walking on the sidewalk outside a marketplace.
A man with tools in both hands is focused on his work.
A mother sitting on a cobblestone street giving her baby a drink.
A group of people shop for fruit at an urban farmers market.
A white tented fruit stand with several people shopping in it.
A happy young girl wearing a brown sweater, pink shirt and blue jeans is jumping off a sidewalk.
Several men are sitting at a table with beer.
A woman wearing a blue tank top is holding a ball and looking up attentively.
A woman standing in front of a dock with coolers.
A busy highway scene with a woman crossing a crosswalk on the left
Man in front of a large glass building.
A young boy clasps a man's face in front of a body of water enclosed by concrete.
A woman is holding a crying child dressed in pink.
A surgeon is working on a patient using surgical tools.
A woman stretches outside of a building called Vira Virou.
An Indian women sits in a small room designing beautiful pictures on fabric to make blankets and such on the cloth.
Two children are bouncing on a trampoline outdoors.
A man wearing black sweeping brown tile floors outside of a tile shop.
Soccer players are stretching in preparation for a game.
A soccer game is played in a stadium filled with spectators.
Street musicians perform in front of benches.
A main in a white shirt and tan pants stands in front of a stand that sells various goods.
Two people are on the side of a glass building.
A guy with blond-hair is standing on a stage playing a red guitar with the drummer in the background.
A dark-haired man sitting at a table with a book and drinks.
Firefighters putting out a big fire.
A kid with a blue shirt squeezing soap into his hand.
A group of elderly Asian people are gathered together, playing instruments in a park.
A man and two small children relaxing at a campsite, eating in front of a fire.
A child stares down over a group of people who are around a bonfire.
Big brown dog chews on bone lying down.
Two boys in blue shirts sit on the end of a bench next to a fair ride.
A married man in camouflage looks through a giant metal telescope.
Three men in hard hats and sunglasses approach a large white freight truck.
A man in the top of the building
A man wearing a hard hat is talking on a cellphone.
Man wearing construction clothes sitting high up on a building.
A man in a blue shirt welding.
One man hands another an item at a rail interchange.
An old minivan painted to look like the Mystery Machine from Scooby-Doo drives past a white building.
A man is sweaty from singing on stage.
Several young men in a packed car are traveling with tires tied on top of their blue car.
Three people sit around a grill on fold-up metal chairs.
Two small white dogs are in a yard chasing a red ball.
A red suv with a woman inside
3 people in a car with rally decals, equipment on the roof and a mongolian flag flying.
A male is walking his dog down the street.
One man, wearing a helmet and blue jeans, falling off a bull into the mud.
This bathtub is not staying in the old house.
People buy fruits from a stand carrying melons, apples, and other fruits.
The passenger is holding onto the load on top of the car.
Person in a red shirt standing in the street next to a car with many decals on it.
A man on a horse is attempting to lasso a dog.
Three people sit together on a couch in a house while two others stand off to the sides.
Three young men stand holding strings
Man dressed in business casual attire playing the saxophone with the rest of a band.
A boy in a striped shirt plays the trumpet.
Young saxophone players wait during a pause in a performance.
Two children smile as they prepare to make their big splash.
A young woman in a white shirt and blue tie is playing a trumpet.
A school band of young students performing.
Three girls are standing in front of a music stand with trumpets.
Two young boys holding saxophones.
A woman with a handbag walks past a chinese store of some sort.
Festival-goers have a fun time with their children
Men and women doing yoga on the beach.
A skateboarder with a red hat and green shirt sitting on a skateboard watching other skaters.
A group of farmers are working together to complete a plant related task.
Four dogs on leashes walk down a sidewalk.
Two women voice their opinions at a political rally
Two men in blue shirts and six women in a ballet.
A lady with blond-hair is walking briskly down the street.
Woman carrying baggage and drink talking on cellphone.
A baby gives a woman an opportunity to engage in its world.
Two food service workers preparing food in a commercial kitchen.
Young woman in short white dress holding a basket is walking among sand dunes or huts.
A young boy wearing a big watch eats an ice cream cone.
Wearing a hairnet and blue apron a woman prepares to pout something into a cistern.
A blond toddler with a ponytail rides a bucket swing.
A teenager in a white shirt and flip-flops is in motion on the swing.
Two boys are playing in the water.
Young man with a blue shirt on and rollerblades performs a trick off the wall.
Older boy rollerblading in front of young children on scooters.
Six Buddhist boys walk along the side of a road in traditional orange monk robes.
A man without a shirt performs rollerblading tricks on a course.
A tacky looking man in sitting on a chair with a black hat on reads a magazine while listening to music.
Two woman smile at the camera while enjoying their lunch together.
Children recite something from white sheet of paper.
Two children looking at antique locomotives in an outdoor setting.
A man in black laying on a bench with his head on the leg of an elderly gentleman wearing blue jeans.
A man with a shopping cart is selling wares on a busy city street.
Two boys in all black standing next to both a bike and a tree.
Three people watch a wind band perform.
Two men in white hard hats and orange vests work in front of a building.
A woman in a blue tank top riding a bike.
A man in a blue shirt and khakis is playing a guitar.
Five men are talking in a room that has computers in it.
A woman in a blue jacket is standing and smiling on the street.
Several uniformed men playing musical instruments.
Two older people are dancing to the music of a band.
Two women wearing native american clothing carrying bags
Two Asian men sitting on the pavement with their merchandise next to them.
A llama is standing on the side of the street.
A mountain that was affected by the past volcano eruptions in the southwest city of a hope.
People are traveling via donkey with their belongings on back.
Two women sitting at a table in a park are smiling at each other.
Two people looking across a valley.
A man with a walking stick and an orange backpack, walks through a valley.
People walking down a dirt path.
A collection of blue tents, one of which says "Exodus", are set up in a lush landscape.
A woman in a blue jacket kneels behind a dish filled with soapy water.
A woman is laying down on the pavement of her campsite.
A lone hiker with walking stick descending a stony stairway in remote countryside.
2 men in hiking gear descend down a stone staircase.
A hiker is looking at the mountains.
A hiker walks up a path of stone steps using a walking stick.
Two people with backpacks hike beside a tall gray stone wall.
A woman with a red backpack is looking at Machu Picchu.
A person with a green hat laying down on the ground.
A little boy is playing with a yellow car on the sidewalk.
An elderly person in a field of hay.
Here is a picture of two men walking in and out of a police station.
A man fishes in the ocean.
A couple dancing alfresco dressed in turquoise tops, the lady is held up in the air with her hands stretched upwards.
A person walking in front of a white building with blue doors and windows.
Woman wearing a hat who is standing by a table by a brick street facing away from the camera.
A photographer's view of a busy street.
The green-suited band is playing in the plaza in front of the church.
Two children are shaking hands in a crowded area.
People sitting and a dog standing near a large fenced in statue.
A woman is sewing linens.
A young man wearing a colorful outfit and hat sits in a hut dwelling.
A woman looking out at a view.
Two individuals are standing next to some supplies in a mountainous area.
A chaparral landscape scene void of human residence.
A woman wearing a blue jacket and a blue hat who is drinking tea out of a blue mug.
An alpine enthusiast is looking down a trail.
A lady with sunglasses on sitting on the top of a mountain beside of someone else.
A person walks across a stoned path.
This man in a red hat is sitting at the top of a mountain on a sunny day.
A woman offers bread to a couple of tourists.
A lady sitting at her table trying to sell her goods at an open market.
A native women displaying a decorative blanket.
A young child flies a yellow kite while overlooking the ocean.
A small girl is going to the school.
Two children, in colorful outfits, playing in a field with a big rock in the middle.
A man paddles on a blue boogie board.
A group of tourists looking at a set of columnar ruins.
A young male practicing tricks with his skateboard on a cement curb.
A young girl in a blue hat and plaid shirt stands in front of a chair holding a pastry.
People buying and selling fresh fish by the beach.
Two workers help customers at the Sonoma Artisan Sourdough Baker stand.
A man is playing a video game while another watches in the background.
A woman with fair skin and light brown hair playing the violin.
Two people leaning on a rock wall looking at the scenery.
A man walking away in the distance along a huge wall constructed of large blocks.
Hikers climbing a trail in the mountains.
Someone is slicing a tomato with a knife on a cutting board.
A man helps a woman with her fishing pole next to a lake.
A brown dog wearing a key is playing in the dirt.
An overweight couple are dressed very casually to get married outside.
An overweight man and a woman are outside listening to a thinner man read from a book on a partly cloudy day.
A man sleeping on a white plastic chair on a sidewalk.
A man is welding something made of metal near many tools.
A man watching a person diving into a swimming pool.
A guy in shorts, a hoodie, and flips flops playing indoor putt putt golf and is currently at the "penguin hole".
A few children are playing.
A woman wearing strangely colored clothing checks out at a convenience store.
A hippie is making two cappuccinos.
Workmen and a tractor are behind concrete barricades and chunks of broken concrete.
A man walks by a building at night.
Three people in a pool making faces at the person taking their picture.
With focused gazes, three uniquely dressed actors stare off-stage.
A woman is carrying a young boy who is holding onto a leaf.
Bicyclist riding their bikes across a metal bridge.
A man wearing a hat, white shirt and sweater is kneeling on a rug.
Two children in the street washing their faces.
An old man in a plaid shirt and blue pants is looking in a telescope on a sunny day.
A young man high in the air performing a bicycle stunt.
A little girl in a bright green bathing suit is playing in the sand with a blue shovel.
Two people with packs, walk in the distance on a beach toward the water.
Two African American men walking by a shop window containing a manikin dressed in a striped shirt and striped pants.
Two women ordering grains at a street shot.
A woman in a brown coat and white scarf is walking on a sidewalk.
Lady taking a picture in the mirror while holding her gear.
A woman holding an apple standing next to a display of oranges, apples and melons.
Three children securing a sailboat to a dock.
A man with white hair and a white beard wearing a black suit looks at a paper in an office building.
About eight women in purple and blue dresses bow towards a man dressed in black.
3 ladies jumping off a rock in the desert with mountains as a background.
After a sandstorm, a maintenance worker cleaned debris from the historic ruins.
Two men and a woman are standing on the shore of a river and throwing stones.
An old man standing behind a basket full of green stalks.
Two men are atop a white surface within a cloudy waterfront setting.
Woman in a blue evening dress holds a microphone on stage.
A man with a white dress shirt shuffles cards next to a lady in a brown shirt.
Two people ride their bikes down a dirt road.
Two people on a scooter wait for a man with guitar case to cross the street.
A blond girl in a yellow and black jersey plays soccer.
A brown dog carries an object in its mouth on a snowy hillside.
Two men in white and orange jumpsuits skydiving.
A woman in a green dress looking at another woman's ring on a street.
A boy jumps on the beach.
A group of people in a small clearing of dead grass.
A colored boy kicks a ball while two other boys watch.
A young girl has her hands in a tub of water with leaves in it.
A man in a yellow shirt does East Asian calligraphy.
A male is walking outside in the rain.
A young man carrying foliage on his back, climbing stone steps.
Old man in third world country squats while working with a large hammer.
A man doing a trick on a bike while in the air.
Three women are sitting on steps and talking.
A man painting a deck next to the water.
A man in a white coat stands in front of a market and coolers.
A man sitting on a couch wearing blue shirt holding a camera
A large group of people are gathered around two trains on the railroad.
An old man sits on a terrace in the sun.
Here is a picture of people outside waiting for the great lakes bus to take them somewhere.
People watch as two trains run on tracks.
Two children stand on their on hands inside a doorway, while 2 friends observe them.
Young redhead, looking through a gold colored telescope.
A man in a white shirt is sitting by a white and blue door.
A man sitting in a room with blue walls while sewing.
A man with sunglasses, a white shirt and jeans is playing mini-golf.
Two children playing at a beach, one in pink, drawing in the sand and the second child, in green, standing in the water.
Two young people are going down a hill on a slide.
A woman walks while holding a little boys hand.
A man and a woman are eating a meal outdoors.
Two coast guard officers out on a training mission.
A younger boy trying to shave while an older man in the background is watching him.
Two people wearing white are dueling while a crowd watches.
A mock sword fight in some Latin American country.
The dog is wearing a pink sweater.
A line of men leaning against a wall as a man with a backpack walks by.
Three men work under a hot sun.
A man with black hair has a yellow pencil behind his ear.
A person holding a "Boombox" on top of a bus, or boat.
A man in uniform is holding a large camera by the ocean.
A woman playing with her dog on a beach.
A large number of people are standing in lines at a fast food restaurant.
A man riding a bicycle up a telephone pole.
A man does mechanic work on a dune buggy.
The armed SWAT officers guard the cordoned area while inspecting a backpack.
Three people in special operations gear cross the street near a crime scene.
Line of people waiting to checkout at a store.
Two men are stepping on rocks to cross some water.
Women in blue skirt in-front of a trees
Law enforcement that is riding in a large tactical for truck in an urban area.
A group of people are gathered, posing for a picture.
A blond-haired doctor and her African american assistant looking threw new medical manuals.
A woman who is working try out the new yellow jacket
A group of women are standing together in a line looking at books.
2 white ladies in casual clothing.
Four registered nurses dressed in smocks peer down into mobile bin filled with miscellaneous items.
Nurses in a medical setting conversing over a plastic cup.
Three female workers in a medical facility looking at printed material.
Three people are riding in a carnival twister ride.
A doctor and nurses in a hospital standing behind a cart
Two young nurses display toys for children to play with.
Two nurses are looking at items in a cart.
Nurses look at a book about pediatrics.
A blond woman in a black shirt poses with a yellow star and a book.
A crowd of women stand together.
A cop, and two females pose for a picture next to an officers vehicle
A man is smoking a cigarette and holding a honeycomb.
A woman in a blue dress and rain boots mops the cobblestone street.
Someone flying using a bright red and black parachute.
A woman in black and red listens to an Ipod, walks down the street
Lifeguards teaching swimming lessons to local children at pool.
A man in a white shirt uses a blackboard as others sit at a table watching.
Several people are standing in a field wearing deployed parachutes.
A man laying on the ground with his arm under a car white a little boy is watching him.
A man and a woman walking down a snowy path.
A group of children and adults play in a pool on a sunny day.
A man running with no shoes on his feet.
A slender man wearing rolled pants and a striped white and blue shirt walks on sand.
A man sells fruit on the street from a cart.
There is a group of people standing outside a small building in a village
A group of brightly dressed people celebrate at a festival.
The two dogs are fighting outside in the snow.
Commuter reads the paper while riding on a boat.
A guy in black shirt is drawing on a wall
An older blond lady in a white shirt crosses the street.
A man standing next to another man accepting a check for 10,000 dollars
A crowd of people is standing outside next to a street.
A female teacher is pointing something out to a young female student seated at a school desk.
Two men, one holding a cigarette, sitting at a table outdoors on the street.
Two men dressed in a camouflage uniform attempt to fix a motorcycle while a third man stand in the background.
A fleet of small fishing boats coming to shore.
A young boy, wearing blue protective gear on rollerskates is hunched over on one knee.
A man in a black helmet driving a red ATV.
Various fruits are available at an outdoor market in what appears to be India.
Two middle-age men with blue shirts talking.
Two mosaic workers in white jackets work on an elaborately designed tile floor.
Three people stand at a red cart.
Bare chested man with ball cap sits in an outdoor work shop
Bunches of men are helping to catch fishes.
An Asian girl is drinking a cup of coffee in a restaurant sitting next to a bunch of red flowers in a pot.
A dirt biker is riding through some sand as spectators watch.
The brown and white dog carries a very large stick across the snow.
Two dogs in the snow.
Male working on a tea pot sitting on the floor of his garage.
A man in a mauve suit jacket stands near a ship's wheel.
A football player is pursuing the opposing teams quarterback, who is about to throw the ball.
A view of a straight road with a woman jogging along the side.
Man in black shirt and Bugs Bunny tie shows funny face with condom over head.
A woman gazing out over a railing from a walkway.
A dog walking along the side of a house in the snow.
A man is waist deep in a river casting a net.
The man in the gray shirt is trying to fix a toaster.
People walk along a sandy beach on a clear day.
A smiling youth in a blue shirt is posing on some outdoor stairs.
A sidewalk artist crafting their newest masterpiece with chalk.
A couple napping in the grass in front of parked cars.
Man dragging a boat through the mud.
Several people are shopping at what looks to be some kind of street market with cars and graffiti and street art in the background.
People are watching a street performer doing tricks with fire.
A young girl in a pink shirt sitting on a dock viewing a body of water.
Two working men take a water break.
An old woman in a cloth hat is sewing some fabric.
A fireman strings emergency crowd management tape.
A short-haired man wearing a blue shirt talks to a group of people outside of the pueblo house that has a white door and a balcony.
A man is playing guitar on the sidewalk near a building.
A man on a bicycle is outside a bicycle shop near a row of bikes.
Protective padding at the ready for some type of gearing up.
A street busker wearing a top hat is performing with fire in front of a large crowd, some seated and some standing.
A man drinks a beer while conversing with a woman.
A man is holding a blue fishing net in front of some rocks.
Three teenagers unloading a truck with watermelons.
A bicyclist is focused on his ride as he passes a lake surrounded by hills.
Sitting in a beach chair watching the water.
A man rowing in the front of a canoe in a large body of water.
Two children with blond-hair are playing on a blue slide.
A man in a white cap paints a building with its white awnings while looking at it.
Man in white looking down read with two men in the background.
Two men are leaning out of a window and looking at something to the right of them.
A woman is sitting next to potatoes and vegetables.
A young child in blue sweeps the floors like his parents.
Two dogs playing with each other.
Man in black pants, white shirt playing a flue as a lady in pink dances
Man jumping over other men with a group of onlookers.
A black mine rides a big tricycle with three large barrels strapped to the back.
The dog chases the birds in the field.
A native woman is surrounded by baskets of fresh fish that she is selling at a local market.
A child in an orange sweatshirt holds up a sandal and smiles.
A child is standing in the middle of the water with his arms raised above his head.
A nice contested catch during an ultimate Frisbee game.
A dancing couple is performing a dip where the man is crouched nearly to the floor.
A blond man in a striped shirt talking on the phone while relaxing in a chair.
A woman in a blue dress is sitting in front of buckets of hay and grain.
A man in a blue shirt and baseball cap holds a small African boy.
Camels rise to take a passenger off of a white sand beach.
A group of people talking outside at night.
A woman wearing a blue top and white pants working in a store
An older woman is holding a small child.
A woman being carried by two police officers from a crowd.
A small group of men are having dinner and talking.
Sleeping African American woman holding her sleeping son during a train ride.
A person is riding a bike in front of brick buildings.
A man in all blue working on a train.
A little boy is playing with some trains.
A black woman in a white shirt and red flip-flops is holding an octopus.
There are two policemen standing by three elderly men.
A man wearing a white shirt and a hat, riding his bike, makes an obscene gesture to the photographer
A girl standing on the beach is holding up a dead octopus.
A bunch of dolls sitting on a table with a little girl in a blue sweater standing behind them smiling.
People with walking sticks hiking near the beach.
A Mariachi band performing in the back of a restaurant.
A man bathing himself in a fountain.
An elderly man in a black jacket and blue shorts sitting on a bicycle.
A child with wet hair is holding a butterfly decorated beach ball.
Two women in identical dresses and shoes with different colored hats sit on a bench with a hedge in the background.
A young child plays on an electronic device with a stylus
The children watched the young boy write on the orange paper.
A server at a diner cleaning countertops.
Small children throw hay over a wire fence towards a brown horse.
Artist on street corner selling his artwork.
A fashion designer is working on his one of his designs at his studio.
People sitting on the ground watching a sunrise or sunset behind a mountain.
This is a group of women attending to some baskets filled with items, possibly seeds.
Three people leap across a tarp, with a jungle background.
A man stands new a saw with a white mailbox in the foreground.
The group of young people are in a bubble bath enjoying themselves.
A man plays outside with two dogs, one of whom is trying to catch a ball in the air.
A woman is riding a bicycle towards a red light.
An older man wearing a tan coat is riding his bicycle down the street.
A bike rider with a blue backpack peddling across a bridge.
A man surfing on big waves with a watch on.
A girl in a white tank top is motioning for someone to come closer.
A man and woman kissing at a train station.
A woman in pioneer dress is sitting at a table.
Man in a colorful sombrero and poncho sitting on the grass with 2 goats and a lama.
Two young men sitting at a table and smiling.
Young girl reads the description of park statue; there are trees in the background.
A group of kids walking down a rad holding balloons.
A man who uses a cane walks over the white lines of a crosswalk.
A group of men play chess poolside.
A man is taking a photo of a couple standing next to a sculpture outside.
Two bicyclists ride past a brown field.
Two older boys and two younger boys are looking out at the water while on a boat.
A man is playing the accordion on the sidewalk in front of a store.
Two girls sitting in the grass wearing hats eat snacks.
An older woman scoops food out of a pan.
A woman in a yellow shirt with bright orange hair dispenses from a beer tap.
A surfer rides on the incoming waves along side the beach.
Two men surf on a small wave with a city in the background.
Children and their parents climbing a metal tower.
An action shot of a volleyball player spiking the ball.
A man is riding a blue motorcycle.
A young girl with a missing shoe is held by a woman in white pants with a black top.
A blond child eating a cupcake with blue frosting.
The picture is of four men playing at a outdoor wedding.
A tennis player demonstrates a two-handed forehand shot during a match.
A surfer wearing a wetsuit and using a light colored board catches some air.
A guy in a plaid shirt walking with a black bag hanging from his shoulder.
A man and a woman on a farm field behind 2 bulls.
A little boy is shoveling snow.
A lady wearing glasses and a blue shirt with a shoulder bag is about to take a picture with her camera.
A man and a woman repairing something.
Splashing through the churning seas, a parasailer hangs on to his tow rope.
A windsurfer surfs on frothy waves.
A man and a woman, both pushing strollers with children in them, are stopped and looking at each other.
A Man holding flowers while a dog sits in a bicycle crate.
A man is suspended in the air on cables while doing some work on a building.
A dog running with something in its mouth
A man in a blue shirt singing while a girl in a black dress plays guitar in the background.
A person is standing in a costume on a street.
A man and woman are preparing a mixture in front of a row of bikes.
Boy in a red shirt climbing up a block wall.
Several Israeli men standing in the middle of a busy intersection.
Man dressed as Darth Vader playing a violin on the sidewalk.
Six girls are dancing in a line at a sporting event in a gym.
Brown and white dog with a baseball in its mouth.
This person is about to put paper into a copy machine
A man in a red shirt is playing pool.
A group of young females wearing blue tank tops and white skirts all doing a synchronized cheer.
Baby being fed food on a spoon
A flight attendant is serving goods to the plane's passengers.
Two men act out scene while dressed in character garb.
A balding painter working on a piece on the street in the daytime.
Two people kissing on a yellow cable car.
A man is holding a baby wrapped in a towel on his shoulder.
An older male barber shaving another man's face.
A young man in a black jacket and black cap is playing a trumpet.
A band is rehearsing in their garage.
Musicians are on stage with their instruments as a row of people stand around in front of them.
A man in a green button-down shirt sings into a microphone.
Girl in red and black shirt sitting in front of a keyboard performing with other band members.
Two girls are talking at a party.
A man and a woman standing outside a house next to an audio speaker.
Several people are holding containers of alcohol in a room.
Young adults consume food and drink next to laundry machine.
Two people at a party or concert
A man with gold necklaces, a red jacket, an earring, and eyeliner smokes two cigarettes at the same time.
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench and are playing stringed instruments.
A glowing bust sits in the middle of a round table with papers neatly laid out.
Three utility workers on a telephone pole.
A woman sticking her head out of her tent on the side of a snowy moutnain.
Woman climbing a snow covered mountain looking at people behind her.
The man carries a large backpack while hiking through snow-covered terrain.
A hiker is climbing up a snowy mountain.
A group of people is crowded around some stairs by an amusement park.
A walmart worker wearing a white coat.
A man in a checked green shirt is sitting down and looking at his hands.
A few men are sitting around a table.
A brown and white dog is standing on its hind legs reaching for a ball.
Vendors in Europe, a man and a woman preparing for a day of selling vegetables and fruits.
One redheaded lady and a brunette hair colored lady are standing close to a water fountain.
Mature male with a gift in his lap while a young child opens another gift.
A child sleeping as a person holds a book.
A man Rollerblades across a yellow pole at night.
A woman is standing near the water, looks to be throwing something.
A man is hanging on a horse as it jumps around.
A young man in a rodeo arena wearing cowboy garb on a horse carrying a rope.
A child with play gear is adventuring outside his house.
A young girl in a black dress is holding a red flag and covering a happy expression.
A man dressed in medieval clothing sits on a medieval type cart.
The small dog is leaping in the air toward the woman's hand.
People are buying food from a temporary food vendor.
3 men are sitting along a walkway.
A man is pouring something from a can onto a sandwich.
A man and woman are sitting at a table in a restaurant overlooking mountains.
A woman sits on a blue bench reading a book.
A boy wearing a blue t-shirt, khaki shorts, and sandals runs outside.
Man in blue and yellow watching a Jumbotron.
Students in a class are engaging in lab experiments while wearing goggles.
A man in a red dress coat riding a white horse in sand.
Upset woman in a blue dress walking in a city.
A security guard standing alone by a building wall.
Three children, wearing green, yellow, and blue uniforms, are sitting and standing near two women.
A group of children, with adult helpers, work together.
A young boy raises his hand, as other young kids laugh in the back.
Twelve children gather in an outdoor, tropical location.
A group of young Asian women smiling for the camera.
A guy walking up the stairs holding a briefcase and a book.
A person dressed in a red hoodie sitting on a bench with their head down and hand over their face.
Two children are sitting on the sidewalk.
A young man in a white shirt holds both his hands above his head.
Two little girls reading and a baby listening.
Spectators dressed in bright colored clothing watch as man dressed in white pants and barefoot blows a ball of fire.
People on a crowded subway car.
Two big brown dogs running through the snow.
A young child playing with a volleyball near a body of water.
A man with a beer and hammer in his hands strikes something on a round platform in front of him.
Four people with hats sitting and eating on a bench.
A little boy giving a little girl a comforting hug.
Two male firefighters with white helmets standing in front of a building.
A man in a white short and shorts hits a tennis ball.
A girl in white is playing tennis.
A woman in a white dress and white shoes playing tennis.
Girl in red shirt and white tennis skirt returning the tennis ball.
A woman, carrying several multicolored buckets together, is poking boulders at the water's edge.
A woman is representing the University of Phoenix at a display table.
A group of people are riding on a rocket-themed amusement park ride.
Boy in green hat reacts to historical spot.
Two employees look on as another employee is tossing dough in a commercial kitchen.
Boy in striped t-shirt walking along a ledge.
Five people are spaced evenly along one side of a trough full of pineapple in a large field.
A collection of vegetables sit in baskets.
A mountain biker clad in protective gear clears a small dirt mound on a track while an audience watches.
A young woman is on a moped in front of a cafe.
A street vendor in a red shirt and white hat selling Italian Ices from his cart.
A man is fixing a ladder to climb up and down.
A man is approaching a parachute that he might just have used to land on the ground.
A woman playing along with a little boy on an accordion on the front door stairs.
The dog is wearing a red baseball cap, and has its mouth wide open.
A chubby man walking down the sidewalk.
Three men fish at the edge of a concrete barrier constructed along the shore.
A ballerina in a black dress and tights dances in front of a concrete wall.
A Japanese woman cleans a building from a museum.
A cowboy is showing off his mule next to a horse hauling trailer.
A man in a purple shirt playing a drum in front of a crowd of people.
Construction man paving large concrete steps.
Four men in tight outfits, three in blue and one in black, adjust their clothing while standing on a paved surface.
A man in overall jeans working on an old train.
An organ player is seated and playing inside of a regal church.
A man in a yellow excavator on a construction site.
A small group of people basks on shingle at lake or seashore.
Asian Greyhound buy traveling somewhere.
A man and a woman read in a church.
A large black dog has his paw on a small brown dog.
A man with a hat and suspenders is walking through cornfields toward a silo in the background.
A crowd of people outside of a chine's temple.
Three smiling women dressed in black are following a fourth woman with tattoos around a rope.
Two people using a water buffalo to cultivate a watery field.
A man in a blue jacket and pink shirt is singing and playing the guitar
A little girl is wearing pink pants.
The big, black, running dog is wearing a strap around its chest.
A white female is outside in a market looking at fruit.
A young boy with light brown hair putting his face into his meal.
A boy in a green and white striped shirt looks exhausted as he is running
Woman in red coat buying something from a street vendor.
Several bicycles parked and a couple walking together.
Three men at a table while one looks on holding his martini.
A firefighter preparing to put a car fire out.
Man in brown jacket with his arm around person in black jacket at flower shop
Two people sitting at a bar having a conversation.
Spectators watch, and one snaps a photo as a man jumps off of a bridge.
A man wearing a flashlight on his head has his hand in a rolling case with wires.
Three girls playing basketball, number 35 holding an orange, white, and black basketball.
Looks like students are in a laboratory.
Two guys, on in a maroon sweater, the other in a light blue, are shirt sitting around playing video games.
Two martial artists wearing protective gear fighting inside a gym.
A young man goes air-born while his skateboard spins underneath him.
A man prepares to put on a sandwich board advertising an Ebay business.
Female in a maroon shirt engaged in conversation with another female in a tan blazer.
Person in orange clothing lying on a wall
Gray and white dog with red harness and leash going over a stone wall.
A woman in a purple shirt carries three full shopping bags.
A group of people walk in front of a mountain.
A man wearing a yellow and black jumper is doing acrobatics.
2 people with backpacks are at a table with a woman with a beige blazer sitting behind it.
Man in suit sitting next to wall of VHS taped.
A woman with glasses is sitting in front of her laptop in a library.
Airline customers await their luggage at a luggage carousel.
A man riding a quad through the mud and he looks very happy.
Asian woman holding flag with costume dragon in the background
Two guys, one in a yellow shirt and one in a white shirt, are playing with a Frisbee.
Black kitten eating a moth and a leaf.
A man in a red tank top is meditating.
A woman with sandals and a gray shopping cart buying grocery's.
The bicyclists are getting ready for the race, grabbing for their bikes, their ultimate tools for pounding their way to the finish line in this race.
A pretty female news reporter being filmed for a show.
A crowd of people sporting umbrellas stand in front of a red building.
A man without a shirt on is riding a bicycle.
A man in jeans and a blue checked shirt heats metal using blacksmiths tools.
An Asian bicycling food salesman waits at crosswalk.
A woman wearing a white lab coat is holding her jar up with a white glove.
A man in a blue shirt works on a bicycle.
The man is standing upside down on the bottle, with hands on the ground.
A man making balloon animals on a city street.
A group of hikers walk a path that leads from a sandy beach towards a hill.
A middle-aged man in a suit sits on the floor against a wall while reviewing his notes.
A construction working on a foggy day up in the air on a lift.
A crew is getting someone ready for bungee jumping.
A woman is leading an oxen pulled cart, with a man walking beside her.
A woman soldier in glasses hands out an object to children.
A brunette woman in a blue satin costume holds a sledgehammer in the middle of the woods.
An older man tosses plastic bags down a staircase, attacked to a plane.
A street musician sitting playing guitar with an open case and a sign reading "TELL ME WHY MY MUSIC SUCKS".
Four students posing for a picture inside of a classroom.
Two people are on the street, and one has a cello while another is holding an accordion.
Sveral young man jumping down the street
A group of people wearing hats and using walking sticks are walking through a wooded area on a trail.
Small girl plays on top of a black iron machine.
Person on bike holding a shovel next to a woman in a green shirt with a laundry basket on a dolly cart.
A dark-haired woman is looking at an Apple laptop computer.
Two men in a red uniform and a blue uniform combat in karate in a gymnasium.
A woman holds small boy on a couch.
A woman jumps over a park bench while throwing leaves in the air.
A man doing a headstand in front of orange and white barricades.
People are waiting for the subway on the outdoor platform.
A bride and groom walk on a path through grass while another couple follows behind them.
One man is kicking a board out of another man's hand.
People sitting in a room talking to a panel.
A group of people, at least two of whom are drinking out of wineglasses, are standing in a hallway.
Three ice hockey players in black play outside.
A young boy dressed in white shorts swims underwater with his eyes closed.
A woman in a green shirt is holding her face.
Two white canopies with men standing under them while one man is walking away.
A man photographs a mountain meadow, with peaks in the background.
Two people wearing uniforms and carrying bags are walking down the street with a wall in the background.
Two women sit behind their booth at a street market.
A crowd of people appear to listen to a speaker while a man and a woman talk behind them.
A mother and her two children bonding over dinner.
A woman wearing glasses and a black blouse holds a ladle and a bowl in her hands and clenches a plastic fork in her teeth while standing in a kitchen.
A woman is peering into a cooler of ice cream.
A man with a camera on his neck stands outside a cafe.
A man in a blue shirt is cutting up his food.
Two people sit on a bench enjoying nature as a huge cloud looms overhead.
Skater sitting at the bottom of a skate bowl with his board.
A young woman is sitting on the floor practicing Arabic letter formation using an inkwell.
A group of people dressed up for halloween.
A man with a pea green jacket, white hat, sunglasses and a cigar walking down the street with other people around him.
Women are standing next to a produce stand.
A man with white hair and a long white beard is eating.
A tan dog on a leash walks in the snow.
A single male wearing a long-sleeve white shirt riding a dirt bike.
Man in a blue shirt playing with ropes in a wooded area.
A man in a blue hat and plaid shirt is repelling down the side of a rock face.
Three people are looking at merchandise of a jewelry kiosk.
A man with a gray jacket and white hat bending over watering a garden with a water container.
Man looking around in an art gallery.
A blue truck with bags of cargo on the roof is headed down a road.
A woman brushing her teeth.
A group of six caucasian men are standing on scaffolding laughing, drinking water, and taking pictures.
Five young, handsome men hanging out of scaffolding.
A young girl at a park wonders loudly if the water at the fountain is recycled water.
An elderly disabled man is sitting on a chair holding a bottle of water.
An old man reading a paper in a restaurant.
Scuba divers are examining a wrecked airplane.
A trick rider wearing a bright green outfit carrying an American flag riding a paint horse with green riding gear.
Two very well dressed women are standing next to each other.
A man in a white sailor outfit and several other people pull at ropes on a sailing ship.
A construction worker stand by a large truck and orange cones.
A young man in a purple American football uniform is attempting to allude the tackle of another young man in a white uniform.
A man is resting on the ground with a cup.
A man grins and holds up a white coffee cup while sitting near a tree.
Four men talking by a truck.
A little girl, standing by the side of the road, is watching a little boy as he sits in the street.
Two men are making an announcement on a balcony.
A girl with a red wig smiles as a lot of people dressed as clowns walk by.
Two dogs are playing on the beach together.
Dressed-up participants throw confetti and candy from a float during a parade.
A surfer riding a small wave.
Two men stand on a street in a city and the man on the right points at something.
A group of young people put their hands to the air in a live concert.
The man is reaching across the table to get more food.
A man wearing a glove and grinding a piece of metal.
A man with a beard is playing an acoustic guitar on the street.
An older man is sitting at a cafe relaxing.
A teenager and a younger kid are talking at a gathering in a park
A woman is walking past a Western themed gun shop.
Man in blue suit with megaphone walking in front to people dressed in blue robes
Two men, one in black, one in green and denim, on a dance floor.
Two men in dress shirts and holding microphones sing together.
A group of people are partying inside a building.
Person in a plaid shirt standing in a crowd of people in front of a band.
A man in a black vest playing the drums.
A band of people sing in a party
Four men are playing instruments and singing.
A skier shrugs from behind goggles at an experts only sign while snow covered mountains fill the sky in the background.
People dancing inside a room where there is a small concert happening.
Band members playing with the drum major lifting up his drums to attack another member.
A guitar player with a black hat, performing on his knees.
Two females dance together in front of a band and a banner which says "Live in Concert."
A man is dancing in front of a band.
A group of seven men perform on a stage with microphones and guitars as several young men and women dance and look on.
A musician in a black hat is playing a keyboard.
A man pulls a cart piled high with items.
A bride and groom dancing at the reception.
A woman in a white shirt stands at the entrance of an ethnic goods shop.
People from a foreign village gathering resources.
Three Middle Eastern people going through a bunch of glass bottles.
Women in sari examine a graph.
A black man in a hat sitting in a chair in the sand holding a net.
A man is shining dress shoes.
A shirtless black man is pushing a cartload full of goods.
Indian women discussing their task on a dirt road.
Three ladies with scarves around their heads digging up dirt.
A group of women fill out some paperwork.
A dark-skinned man with a turban looks up along with others dressed in their native attire along a dirt road.
Four people standing outside of the white house.
A wide eyed guy in a blue jacket is holding a beer and standing next to a guy holding his nose.
A man tries to sell fruit in a busy street.
Five attractive women wearing black mini-skirts and red tops leaning on a red car.
A woman is exposing her belly while holding a beer.
You have two boys playing soccer with each other who are both going after the ball.
A man in a formal outfit grilling or maybe cleaning his grill.
Revelers participate in the Chinese New Year parade with fireworks.
A girl is standing and another one is sitting by a tree
A man walking down a sidewalk with 2 dogs on leashes.
A naked person standing on a rock.
A young woman in a pink shirt is sitting on a porch, weaving with a loom.
A woman checks her purse while at a outside cafe.
Two guys are sharing headphones and are listening to music on a subway.
A boy climbing a mountain.
A man marches in front of two lines of people in uniform.
A man in a rural area using farm-like equipment in a swampy environment.
A glass blower shapes a bottle with a furnace in the background.
Four men dressed in white play saxophones in front of an audience.
People stand on the balcony and deck of a boat.
A young man with a Mohawk begins to jaywalk across the street.
A woman sits on a mat surrounded by red fruits.
A group of people stand around a man sitting at a sewing machine outside.
A woman and a young girl are eating side by side.
Two ladies are walking in the street; one of them is carrying a big load.
A woman in red plays a guitar and sings while couples dance.
A railroad worker working on the rails.
A man prepares to line up his shot during pool at a pool hall.
An old woman with a cart full of groceries.
A man wearing a gray jacket standing on the side of a street.
Two young boys engage one another during a game of flag football.
A man with blond-hair looks on as a woman in a garish costume dances on stage.
A man in glasses talks to a woman while shopping for orange juice.
A man is working in a mine or cavern of some sort.
The waitress is placing the cake on a table at a gathering.
An older man reading a newspaper sitting aside some plastic household goods and cans of paint.
The fans are cheering while the rollerskaters go by.
Man in tan shirt and blue jeans doing a back flip with bare feet
Placing my faith in the tattoo man.
A man painting murals on the sidewalk.
An Asian man cooking meat over an open grill.
White man holding a paper plate with some food wearing a brown shirt.
Five boys wearing jerseys and caps play flag football outside.
One man is using a mop, while two other men watch from the background.
A man is jumping on a bridge made of stone near a mountain.
A lady wearing a black hoodie is standing near an old rusty truck.
We have to think about this and it's your fault.
A man, wearing an official jacket and hat, is leaning against a rail while reading a newspaper.
Six people hiking in a snowy landscape.
A woman with black hair and a red plaid apron preparing food.
Three workers in bright green vests, taking a break.
Here is a group of people waiting outside for the wedding to be over and start the real celebrations.
A small white dog stands on one leg to catch a ball.
People that are walking in a urban area in a large city where there are concessions.
A man is shaving in the mirror in a silly fashion.
Two men are riding down the street on a bicycle next to a gray building.
A little girl hugs a performer in a Stitch costume.
A man wearing a blue jacket fishing in a river having a conversation with his friend with no shirt.
A woman in a flowered dress carrying greens.
A man in a white shirt playing a white guitar on a stage.
Cheerleaders are performing on a football field.
A man with a tattoo on his arm plays the accordion.
Three boys say hello as they navigate the waters.
Seven people are riding bikes on a sandy track.
A woman is sitting in front of a computer.
A few people wearing green outfits carry a large staff that looks like a cross.
A woman wearing a brown hat hugging a child.
An older man asleep on a train car with the reflection of other passengers next to him in the window.
Two girls cleaning and one girl acting a fool.
A woman in a green burqa and sunglasses walks down the sidewalk between a road and a fence while pushing on something.
Military official greets children who are waving American flags.
A girl in a white top is sitting by the pool.
A man wearing an official yellow shirt is watching traffic.
A white dog with a sweater on and a black and brown dog touching noses.
A group of young students are posing in front of a sign.
Two men are aboard a speed boat sitting calmly in the water.
A little girl standing in a bathroom brushing her teeth.
A man in a pinstriped suit walks down the street and doesn't notice the quirky poster on his left.
Two men in black jackets sitting on object talking.
A man in a jacket works atop a set of stairs.
A volleyball player is jumping to strike the ball.
A man lifts up a woman in dance as their pose for a picture that is being taken.
A man is playing with a baby on a deck.
Two older men and one older woman sit around a table while talking.
A girl in a pink dress steps carefully over a puddle.
Three women wearing business clothing standing in front of a window.
A child smiles while holding a flag while others sit in the background.
Two dogs are wrestling on the ground in the snow.
A little boy flinches as a deer kisses him on the cheek.
Four men making a presentation while approximately eight individuals listen.
People in coats are watching a game.
Two women, one with a baby in a stroller, are talking in front of a stopped subway train.
A man and a woman on a motorcycle .`
Someone suspended high on a wire near a large metal structure.
A gathering of people watching other people playing some instruments.
A group of musicians performing are surrounded by the public watching.
A man is walking a white dog on a leash in a park setting.
NYPD officers watch people on a boardwalk near the beach.
Two women walk through the streets playing a tuba and a cello.
A group of three boys are playing soccer while an adult man looks on.
A male vendor waits for customers to order beer.
A man wearing a turban on his head is on his knees praying on a mat.
A person has one wheel off of a bus while tinkering around the wheel well.
A worker is at the top of a telephone pole, working on the wires.
A woman on a Segway standing with some men in a crowd.
Little guy in brown and gray hooded sweater pushing a manual mower in a fenced yard.
Man directing traffic as a telephone worker performs his job.
A man in a green shirt is standing in front of a stand selling a product.
The musicians are playing for the crowd.
A group of people playing an assortment of instruments while walking down the street.
A man standing in the water.
An adult with an infant strapped to chest walks in the forest with another child in tow
A marching band playing for the crowd in a parade.
Marching band members dressed in black and blue play the drums and other instruments.
A woman is holding a black sign at a street rally.
A young dreadlocked woman is on stage, singing and playing acoustic guitar.
A group of people are in a van.
A group of seamen are walking along a sidewalk in a line.
A young boy wearing baseball clothing getting ready to pitch a ball.
A bird is flying through the air while children are playing on the beach.
A man is wheeling a gurney full of medical supplies.
A man sits in his car, with his arm resting on the door.
The brown dog has an object in his mouth.
A street vendor tends to his stand with lots of kids toys and items.
A man and woman are singing on a stage.
A woman with dark hair and a blond woman in a bathing suit have cocktails on a patio.
A young boy in school uses scissors to cut paper.
A man not wearing a shirt dancing by himself with his eyes closed.
A girl in a black shirt playing a carnival game.
A man stands in the snow as the sun sets.
Young muscular African American man, cleaning a fish, shirtless.
Two black boys sit in fishing boats with their casting nets.
A young blond boy brushing his teeth in front of a mirror.
A man and woman in Middle-Eastern dress are running down a street.
A happy man in a blue collared shirt is typing on his computer.
Two black poodles playfully tussle on a grassy, manicured lawn.
A man wearing a scary mask in a show.
Boy walks past man in orange overalls who is sweeping garbage from the street.
White male sitting at the table with a beverage.
A young man in a red shirt is doing tricks with a skateboard.
A little boy and little girl on a porch look at something.
A man in a tan hat is sitting next to green shrubbery and looking out over water.
A teenager with striped sleeves playing a guitar.
Five young women are gathered together in a room with green and blue chairs.
Two workers working on putting up lanterns.
A man with a mustache and turban draped around his head is situated in a tree with a tool.
Two dark-skinned men, one of them with a knife, stand in front of some foliage.
While sun is setting, boy is blowing bubbles by rocks new lake or ocean.
A man in a gray stocking hat lights a cigarette while holding a pop.
A man and a woman in an orange cloth walk down a dirt path.
A German shepherd leaps in midair.
Five people standing under a tent-like structure celebrating the 25th Annual Longboard Classic.
A woman is blow drying a young boy's hair in a hair salon.
Asian man in orange suit and with glasses examining a young girl.
Older white male smoking a cigar
A man and a woman stand at a street vendor's food stand.
Two men are standing underneath a waterfall.
These students in class are sitting down doing work.
A little boy with a backpack approaches a stone archway.
A young couple, both blond, female in red plaid jacket, carrying a designer tote, wearing brown boots, crossing a busy city street.
Comical man pushing his fist against a broken concrete tile.
A man is sitting on the side of a sidewalk with a paper in his hands.
Asian man in colorful attire writing in his traditional language.
Two girls sitting in brown chairs with beverages on the table.
A man is sunbathing next to a pool with a waterfall fountain.
Looking down from the top of a cliff, a man is climbing the cliff wall in an attempt to make it to the top.
The children are focused on the gray object.
A man is dressed in a white wig and beard and purple robe and many people are watching and taking pictures.
An older man and women having dinner
Three people are looking at sculptures made of rocks located on a body of water.
Football players are lined up on the field.
Relaxing under the hut as someone walks by with a fruit bowl hat.
A football kicker attempts to make a field goal.
A football player is looking down at a football during a play.
A fashionable black woman sits on a train.
A woman and a young girl walk along a wall with the numerals ninety-six adorned upon it.
A group of guys are not he football field playing football.
A woman with a red no sleeve shirt with black shorts is running.
A woman dressed in layers tending to farmlands.
Two firefighters spray water from a black hose.
An odd looking boy is enjoying himself by touching hay.
Ethnic woman in traditional clothing sitting on the ground by artwork designs in chalk.
A person is walking on the night street under neon lights.
A man in a white apron and gloves stoking coals under a large fire in front of a wood pile.
Six people appearing to be planting something in the ground.
A woman runs down the street in a marathon.
A street performer dressed as a pirate in public.
This man is skiing in the white snow and going through a course of some kind.
A shop on the street selling vegetables.
A rumpled-looking man carries a bundle of logs in front of a jungle.
A group of africans running away from something.
An Asian man and woman are seated a table, the man on a laptop, and the woman with a mug.
A man wearing a mask in a cluttered room.
A young buy kicking in his karate gi next to another child.
A man gazes upwards while others watch him on a city street.
Rodeo roper on a house, attempting to use a pink rope, to capture a young bull with horns.
Actors in costume are posing at an event.
Fisherman at the market weighing their catch at the end of a long day.
A lady with brown hair holding a box with a carved face on it.
Three people inside of an airport waiting for a flight
A man irons fabric while smoking a cigarette.
An indian man in a mustard jacket is shoveling a lot of snow.
A man in a green sweater holds a round, decorative pillow.
People on the street are coming to check out the women's table.
A girl in a striped blouse sits on a bench near a pay phone.
Two children are sitting while one is standing over them.
A boy in a yellow jacket holding a red pot.
2 little girls drawing while listening to a band play at a bar or restaurant.
Two men are talking as four kids run by.
A woman and a man pointing to the left are on a street corner in front of a green store that sells tobacco and magazines.
A man in a hard hat looking up at something.
An elderly woman is picking up a tree branch off her stone porch.
A workman dealing with water spraying all over.
An Oriental man with glasses and a colorful vest is walking down the street with a girl with blond-hair.
A crowd of people talking at a bar.
Younger kids sitting and lying on the ground around clothing and trash.
A man in a checkered shirt playing guitar.
A smiling girl with a tattoo on her wrist is laying down in the beautiful, green grass.
A woman is showing her fingers full of rings into the mirror.
A woman in a white and beige-striped sweater answers telephones in an office.
Two older men present photos and discuss their lives.
A man in a red shirt and in striped shirt singing each with a microphone.
A father and son begin a fishing trip in a boat.
Two men in suits sit in front of a crowd while a man's picture is shown on a projector screen.
Peoples talking with a big television
A dog is about to get a ball that is on orange carpet.
Blond woman looking down over a wooden rail.
A man in work clothes and a white hard hat submerged in water.
A woman shows emotion while on a microphone.
A man in a cap with a goatee leans against the window and reads a magazine.
A child in a yellow shirt is climbing a tree.
A girl in a yellow T-shirt is jumping in a field on a clear day.
A man cleans the streets in front of a gated home.
Woman in black dress holds a piece of paper in her hands as she talks into a microphone.
A woman and two men play string instruments.
A man lies in a crowded street while people walk by oblivious to him.
Man hanging out of the window of a train wearing a black jacket and hat.
Three children rolling down a green hillside towards a parking lot where a woman is getting into a white car.
Two shadowy figures standing under a bridge, two cans at their feet.
Women in colorful foreign clothing talk in a market next to a bread stand.
Young entrepreneur giving a presentation using two mac book laptops.
A shirtless man is using a roller to paint the ceiling white.
Two young girls in skeleton costumes attached to a leash.
A person in uniform is standing in front of a toll bridge.
Two elderly men sitting against a blue wall with their canes.
People sitting on chairs in a room with one person standing.
Two men dressed in white shirts are standing at a party.
Looks like a man transporting a family, consisting of a mother, a father, and a son, to some destination
A man sits with his head down on a subway.
The boy in the black and yellow mask is talking with the man in the blue shirt.
A woman is ironing in her home.
A man who is in a train, thinks he is a conductor.
Cars parked on the street at night.
A military man walks in front of a procession of people during a parade.
A woman trying to create an ice scripture.
Two men wearing black shirts are sitting behind their own colorful drum sets.
Three girls standing outside, one girl is crying.
The band is performing on the football field.
A group of construction workers are walking.
Swimmer doing laps in a pool.
Two football teams competing in a football game outside.
A male and female chef watch over the meat and corn they are cooking.
Two children are eating ice cream on a bench.
A man with a beard sits with a guitar that's opened up, and wires exposed.
A couple are seated together and viewing a computer monitor.
A man is playing a special guitar and looking at a television.
A construction worker is resting for a bit.
A man with a guitar has wires placed on his fingers to track their motion.
A woman looking at a man's computer screen.
Two people are communicating while sitting at a bar.
A couple of officers on a scene.
2 police officers at a suburban home taping off a police area with yellow tape.
Two people in suits are going upstairs.
A child is standing on a walkway with the sun to her back.
A man playing guitar and a woman wearing a glove.
Two Muslim men sitting on their stall to make some money with that business.
A black man wearing a knit hat patterned with snowflakes smiles slightly.
An elderly man sitting on a folding chair and looking into the street.
Man working on beige carving while wearing yellow ear protectors.
The white and brown dog leaps into the air, above snow covered ground.
People standing around a dimly lit bar socializing.
A small group of teens walk down a street together dressed displaying hand gestures and wearing tights and miniskirts.
An asian lady in a red jacket taking a photo
People in costumes warming up in front of a fire.
A couple is posing for a picture in the field.
Three boys are struggling with one another and reaching for bag of litter.
An older couple smiling while standing in front of a big building.
A man wearing a headscarf and loincloth is laying and smoothing an asphalt surface near a forest on a hot day.
A gentleman using a torch to seal a runner to a grate.
A man uses a blowtorch on a test tube while students look on in the background.
A baby showing it is very tired and sleepy.
An elevator in a mall is in front of a yellow and green wall.
A person dressed in red and black outside a cracked wall.
A child is standing by a pool with a pole to clean out the pool.
A boy with a blue t-shirt laying on a bed.
A man with glasses is taking a picture of a train.
Three teens are talking near a wall.
Many people in a room filled with halloween decorations.
Woman on cellphone running in the snow.
A man in black talking to a woman on the street.
Two people looking out the window watching radars.
The person in the blue shirt and blue hat is riding a white horse.
A father is cooking breakfast with his daughter.
A young boy is blindfolded with a mask and hitting a pinata while a young woman and toddler watch.
Two men talk while sitting on a park bench.
Two boys are running around a girl lying under an umbrella.
A construction guy with his hard hat on is talking on the phone.
A person is driving across a dry terrain on an All Terrain Vehicle, wearing mostly green gear.
A man hammering nails on a shed.
A man climbs the side of a mountain.
Two people rock climbing.
A blond climber with a white shirt is scaling a stone cliff.
A man in a lime green vest directs traffic
Two people in rain gear are leaf blowing in the grass during a raining day.
A man wearing glasses is shaving in a mirror.
Many men in yellow shirts and one woman in an orange shirt taking a spin class and smiling.
A man in a green shirt is taking a spin class.
Two ladies one with her fingers in her pocket and the other with a drink in her hand at a party.
Lady doing a gymnastic move while bending backwards and holding a purple ribbon.
A ribbon dancer is leaping through the air with her head back during a competition, green ribbon behind her.
A masked woman with glasses is holding a baby.
A female in yellow wearing a surgical mask is holding an infant.
A yellow balloon floats over a stone building.
A little girl in a red robe with a basket on her side.
Women talking while waiting for something.
A woman serves food on the side of the road.
A man wearing a yellow vest works in the street.
A small group of people, including a bicyclist, prepare to cross a city street.
A smiling hiker poses on top of a snow-covered mountain
A man on an ATV with two kids on the back.
Boy sitting looking through a glass window at a train station.
A person in an elaborate mask holds up a torch in front of a crowd.
Two people playing a game in an arcade.
A man in a wheelchair is being pushing along the beach while two children play in the foreground.
A jockey climbs a ramp behind his horse.
A man, in a yellow baseball cap and sunglasses, is aboard some sort of boat on the water.
Four men float in a blue boat while cattle graze nearby.
A little girl in a green coat and a boy holding a red sled walk in the snow.
Native Americans performing a traditional dance or ceremony.
Two people stand in front of a brick train station waiting for a train.
Boy stands near laundry hanging out to dry.
A boy is trying out his skateboard moves in the park.
A man in a green hoodie is trying to do a trick on his skateboard in a park.
Five young Caucasian adults are preparing food together in a dining room.
A Ukrainian man in costume performs a dance on stage.
A couple in traditional Dutch dress are dancing at a festival.
A festival is going on in the streets.
A man scratching his arm while a girl sits at a table.
Three men are gathered around a fruit stand.
Two guys at the beach playing in the sand, with one friend attempting to jump-kick the other.
A couple and their children relax on a peer.
A man in a red shirt climbing a rock with his bare hands.
Workers at a Starbucks restaurant show off their facilities.
A man in a white t-shirt and jeans is using a wrench.
Three people in costume walking on sidewalk.
A man wearing a button-up shirt plays a flute while carrying a bottle and a large stick with many flutes on one end.
Two boys in blue sweaters are embracing for a picture.
Six people on stage getting ready to take a bow.
A dog with mouth open to catch the red ball.
Elderly woman sitting in a rabbit cage with two white rabbits on her lap.
A bride and groom cutting their cake.
A woman walks toward a janitor that's wearing a raincoat and pushing a cleaning cart.
2 black girls in purple shirts sitting near a green fence.
Black school boys in uniforms make deals with a white man under the garage door.
Some people are waiting in a line.
A girl in a cat costume looking at a book.
Guy in a yellow and purple outfit jumping off a set of stairs.
An old woman dressed for cold weather in a hat and tan coat with a cane holding a small piece of paper.
People running in a race on a street.
Runners in various colors running left of photo, with man in forefront waving at camera.
Old woman in the winter walking by a glamour store.
A girl in a bright outfit is playing in the leaves.
A group of runners are pictured while running a marathon.
Some people resting near a forest and near a river.
From one girl tackling another, I say hold on to your drink!
A Jewish man is holding the head of another man who has bent down toward him.
A man and women walking by a caution sign.
Two young children are lying on a porch in sleeping bags.
People in clusters of twos and threes stand around an outdoor fountain.
Two older men converse standing in an old-fashioned, paved alley bordered with brightly colored buildings.
A per wearing a yellow shirt is walking down the street carrying a large basket.
A man and a woman are sitting on a bench reading books.
Runners race by while a crowd of onlookers watch.
A large group of people are running a marathon and being watched by spectators.
A group of swimmers are diving into a swimming pool.
Front stroke swimming race roped off lap areas.
An athlete swimming during a swim meet.
A man in a black shirt, holding up a paper full of math equations.
Five hikers walk down the hillside.
A man is outside at a shoe shining stand shining a customers shoes.
A man wearing headphones in mixing music.
A man in a white shirt leaning over a computer.
Five men in a laboratory are looking through microscopes.
A vietnamese man driving a tractor through a dirt ravine while a woman rides on the back.
A woman wearing a blue shirt typing on a laptop.
A drum furiously hammers out notes on his instruments as he plays on stage.
A man with a black shirt on singing into a microphone.
A man is playing with his skateboard on a street.
Two young people looking at a fountain.
Two men use their skateboards in the middle of the street.
One man is skateboarding while two others look on.
Two male band members are playing guitars in front of a microphone.
A man cooking some food in a kitchen.
An old man and two kids are on the porch looking over the railing
A sidewalk flower vendor preparing to scan a customers purchase.
A baby smiles at a woman across the table.
A clergyman sits in an old-fashioned wooden confessional.
A dog in water with its head cocked to the side looking at a ball.
Two brightly dressed women with hats are looking at something.
A man with short hair and a beard is holding a baby.
A young man looking at raw meat hanging.
Bicyclist walks bike down a tunnel that doesn't allow cycling.
A girl wearing safety goggles is smiling at the camera.
A middle adulthood aged man is wearing a karate robe while, practicing with another masked individual.
Man and his sled dogs traveling down a snowy road.
A young boy wearing blue plays in a room with a lot of toys.
Random people at an airport doing various things.
The black and brown dog is running with something in its mouth.
A white dog with a life vest accompanies a man in a boat.
A large group of women, wearing pink shirts and black pants, have their arms raised with the right arm outstretched and the left arm bent inwards.
A man looks at a woman as she rides a bicycle past him.
Two men are looking at the front of a snow shoveling machine.
A child wearing a coat looks back at someone.
A group of woman stands near a group of Army men.
A man and woman are having a discussion while military members look on.
A group of children, standing in a circle, holding hands.
Soldiers in uniform staring down at two little kids.
Two men in military uniforms stand in front of a truck loaded with toys.
A woman holding a young child giving a thumbs up.
Soldier looks at digital camera as a child with juice box looks at him through shades.
Two men in the military and a boy posing for a picture.
Soldiers stand in formation outside of a building, and one man dressed in street clothes stands near them.
A group of villagers prepare for a rainstorm.
A man in military camouflage and a dark green hard hat is holding a framed child's crayon drawing.
A worker in a hard hat is being interviewed.
Men are kneeling around a board game outside on a tiled surface.
In this picture we see a man cooking in a kitchen.
An elderly woman sits a in cage with two brown and white rabbits.
A man shovels snow between two black vehicles.
A male kid skateboarding down a sidewalk wearing a white striped shirt and black pants.
An elderly man riding his bike with a large white building behind him.
Bald man in a shirt an tie standing around food and drinking wine.
A soccer game is played by teams in blue and red.
This man is wearing a red helmet and flip-flops and driving a Spyder.
A captain checks the life vests of his passengers.
Two women smiling and talking to each other while they are both holding a can of beer.
A man with his hand raised.
A group of people are gathered for a meal in business casual attire.
A man on a dirt bike in midair competing.
An outdoor cycling event with Braun markings on the walls, a cyclist run has gone wrong with his bike flying up in the air while others watch.
Here is a crying baby being held by its grandmother.
A man in a dark sweatshirt is sitting at a table with a red pen and a newspaper.
A girl riding a pony with braids and pink bows
A man with a beard and black shirt looking at an envelope in an office.
A guy is operating a bulldozer, and they are working on the sewer lines.
A backhoe is digging a trench outside of a building.
A guy standing by an electric pole and posing while at work.
A man wearing a brown coat and latex gloves is looking at something in the distance.
A male with a hat and glasses is standing around.
A couple in black coats is looking at the camera with pleasant expressions on their faces.
A couple are blinded by the lights from a camera.
Two people sit on a bench overlooking a vast amount of windows.
A military ceremony is attended by boy scouts.
A man in a sweater poses in his viking helmet while another man in a coat takes a picture with his camera.
A man in a plaid jacket works with flowers.
A man and a woman hold hands in a grassy field.
A man is sitting on the sidewalk next to his shoe-shining station.
A group of boy scouts are standing in an alert position.
War veterans are attending an outdoor memorial ceremony.
One old couple with their winter jackets standing in front of a shopping mall.
Foreign militants or authorities keeping peace and order on a neighborhood street.
Woman cupping water with hands over bathroom sink as child stands beside her.
Two men stand in front of a tan building.
One person is observing two people who are sitting on a brick bench looking through items taken from a yellow bucket.
A man with white hair walking down the sidewalk.
A group of Young ethnic kids performing a dance in traditional colorful outfits.
Woman stretching in a kitchen while mixing ingredients in a bowl.
Two adults are outside talking, while a little boy watches them.
A man is trying to watch his television in a public place
A man sleeping while sitting on a bus with his bag in his lap.
Old man playing saxophone on the street.
A woman is sitting in a brown chair in the center of a mall.
A woman painting another woman's fingernails a bright purple.
A ceremony with one man speaking and another man adjusting the robes on other person whose faces is partially covered being held in a mosque with many observers.
A mature Asian man is standing in a gray hallway.
Two soccer players, one in white, the other in maroon, are playing and the player in white is going for a header.
Man walking past a bus stop with graffiti.
Man in a blue shirt with a mustache talking on a cellphone
One constructor worker lays down to rest while the other sits in a chair.
In the background, there are 3 people on the shore among several canoes, and the young man in the foreground is paddling through the water, while wearing a life jacket and smiling.
Camp leaders gather and organize information and young girls for their camp group.
Two men, one younger and the other older, stationed at what looks like a control board at an airport.
A crowd of people attend an outdoor event.
A woman dressed in pink is holding a book in front of a veteran memorial.
A little girl is sticking her hand out to give marathon runners a high-five
A group of children and adults who are all wearing blue backpacks are standing on a sidewalk trail in the desert.
A man kneels on a dock while a dog jumps in the water next to him.
A dog with a shiny dog tags changes course of his stride
A crowd of people at restaurant eating.
A little boy in a green and white uniform is running towards a red, black, and gold soccer ball.
A man is standing outside the glass doors of an art center.
A young child with mouth wide open for a large spoonful of food.
Black woman in orange dress shoveling grains.
Women in saris walk down a dirt path.
A man sits at a messy computer desk in a white room.
Two men stand in the road, it almost appears to be some sort of movie set on a sunny day in California.
A group of people in standing outside a building.
Young child relaxing and enjoying a snack while sitting in a tub with her feet out.
People in a market buying fruits and vegetables
It is a busy street in India where there are shops and people walk, ride bikes and go about their daily errands.
The little boy has spotted the photographer from above.
A woman and her child wheeling a smaller child in a stroller on a brick path.
A little boy wearing blue shorts and yellow shirt is pushing a stroller.
A man in a red sweatshirt is talking to a group of children in the forest.
A blond performer is standing on stage in a white outfit.
A man is holding a violin while singing into a microphone.
Two blond ladies sit on a sofa drinking wine.
A man wearing blue jeans and a vest is laying down on a city bench next to a beer bottle.
Several small children are playing basketball.
A young white man wearing glasses is shaving his beard with an electric razor.
A chef seasoning newly baked popcorn by the window.
A man in a red jacket wearing snow gear is midair on a snowboard with a red structure in the background.
A singer performs on stage at a concert.
A man covered in tattoos stands in the middle of a stage dressed in white pants while three others stand in front of him.
A young woman is balancing on a raised platform.
A man in dark swimming trunks is playing with a boy in red swimming trunks on the beach.
An African man sitting on a bench is drawing a picture.
A woman in a black coat is putting makeup on in a train.
A cook preparing lunch in the kitchen.
Two boys are thinking of what they want to buy and two boys picking up money they dropped.
Three women in jackets are crossing the street.
A guy is jumping in the air while a group of people stand around and ignore him.
The small brown dog is leaping over the brick wall.
Someone walks along a lonely pathway in a nearly abandoned passageway.
A guy meditating on grass with his eyes closed
A man in a baseball cap is creating a sculpture of a man.
Two men wearing white shirts and ties are having drinks.
A man in a green and white striped shirt carries a large basket on his shoulder.
A woman wearing red speaks through a megaphone while walking in front of a banner.
Young girls weave corn stalks into elaborate designs.
People are eating food in a busy restaurant.
A woman is crossing the street, the camera's view is from between two buses.
An audience are watching two seated musicians and a speaker standing at a podium.
Two dancers, one male, one female, are doing a routine in a dance studio.
Many women dancing on a brown dance floor
A brown car is diving down the street, while people cross at the corner.
People are crowded around a dilapidated bus on the street corner
A man in blue shorts and a man in teal and orange shorts harvest a bale.
A man in a sweatshirt is waving flags.
A man in a yellow suit climbs over a broken fence while another man looks on.
A woman walks in front of a movie advertisement.
Some kids are gathering leaves and putting them into trash bags.
A man giving a presentation in front of a projected image.
A man, wearing a suit with a name tag, is speaking into a microphone, while standing in front of a video presentation.
Cowboy rides a horse in a parade as onlookers watch from the curb.
Three young men gathered at a table with drinks having a discussion.
Two woman with umbrellas run across the street in the rain.
A solider wearing a hat is getting his picture taken.
A couple cutting the cake with an audience.
A woman and a dog are in a field of bright green grass and brilliant blue sky.
A middle eastern guy selling stuff street side.
Three men in matching reflective uniforms gather in front of a decorated wall.
People on a sidewalk are trying to protect themselves from the rain with umbrellas and a newspaper.
A guy and girl on rocks fishing in a body of water.
Man in a pinstriped jacket is working with an object.
A little boy prestends to punch another kid in the temple while they are eating lunch.
One man painting a floor blue wearing only pants and a hat.
A boy holds a blue stick, as a man holds a pinata above him.
Two dogs playing with a ball in the snow.
A child examines a chunk of rock through that of a magnifying glass.
A man in a gray shirt has his arms raised.
A boy surfs on a yellow board across the bright blue wave.
A man grimacing while using a motorized toothbrush.
Two boys, one wearing a red Chiefs sweatshirt, plays near a shore.
Two young children are playing.
A Native American person with missing teeth, a red hat and a red wrap or blanket, is smiling.
Several customers shopping for vegetables in a farmer's market.
A California Golden Bear quarterback falls to the ground after he throws the ball to his receiver who is pursued by the Stanford defense.
Man walks his dog over interesting surface.
A little girl eats a hotdog with her hand.
Two men in black are running through a forest.
A large crowd sitting at tables inside a large tent.
A child watches intently as a woman uses a MacBook laptop.
A man is having a walk with his dog during sunset.
Men wearing colorful jackets are around a landed helicopter.
Two older women are sitting in chairs talking to each other.
Four people harvesting in a field.
A man and woman are standing together as she smokes a cigarette.
A waitress at a restaurant is cleaning a table.
A man in a blue jersey and blue baseball cap prepares food while standing at a counter in front of a window.
A man with a backpack is walking down a pier next to the water
A young woman with black hair and tall white boots is posing in a short dress with a white background.
A boy with a guitar sleeps next to a concrete structure.
Asian woman plays music inside of a subway station.
A group of people are talking and eating.
A man plays an organ grinder with a toy bird in a cage.
Firemen are putting out a fire in a trailer.
A person in a black shirt is unloading items from a truck.
A woman in a black and white dress conducting a choir.
A man playing flute in front of a blond woman
A local band has a gig in a hall
A man is standing with his eyes closed and smoking a cigarette.
A man with no shirt jumps of a ledge into the water.
A bearded man wearing a beret working on a project using fire.
A shirtless boy in flip-flops is riding a wheelie on his bike.
Men in red pants marching with sticks in their hands and bright lights going off around them.
Some people are waiting on a sidewalk for fresh food.
A young girl wearing purple jeans and a purple jacket is standing on her arms and legs with her back toward the ground.
A man in a black hat with a green stripe plays the accordion.
A woman in a tan coat is sleeping on a man with glasses.
The hockey players and referee are preparing for a face-off.
Men sit at a table with name tags and in front of a large sign.
A large group of people are looking upwards.
Four bearded men sitting in a restaurant smile at the camera.
Several hunting dogs gathered together as a crowd watches.
Two women in light blue shirts place a stone tile in a garden.
A man hitchhiking with a bag on has back.
A group of people walk on a trail through the forest.
A bearded man gestures with his hands in a kitchen.
A man in a blue-checkered apron is using cleaning products to sanitize a surface.
A custodian mops the wooden floor of a classroom.
A man with long hair is playing a guitar.
Two hockey players are waiting for a puck to be dropped by a referee.
A person in a white t-shirt is jumping in front of a lake.
The child is using chopsticks on overturned kitchen items.
Young man gets haircut by another young man.
Black male wearing Run DMC t-shirt giving another black male a haircut
Three men are gathered around while one is operating a camera.
The black boy in the gray t-shirt is shaking his hands.
Man outside in the rain promoting a 50 % off sale.
Young women in colorful costumes raise their hands in happiness.
A man in a gray shirt gets his hair done with people standing around him.
A riot breaks out in the streets of an Asian city.
A girl in stripey socks sleeping on a green sofa with red pillows.
A soldier and his daughter are buying lunch.
A man wearing a gray shirt is getting a haircut.
A boy gets his haircut by another boy with friends watching.
A man in a white shirt is clipping another man's hair.
A man stands near a pool with his gray shirt partially pulled over his head.
A young girl in pink is playing with a pink toy on asphalt.
A man is standing on a metal roof spraying red water hose.
A dog is standing in the snow watching the camera
A man is sleeping outside on hard stone.
There are many people shopping at clothing store that sells Carhartt.
A girl in red and a man in black dancing
A bearded man with dreadlocks in an orange shirt has tribal face paint.
A man reading a late night book on the couch.
Little girl jumping up to land on a yellow circle at a splash pad.
A kid diving into a public indoor pool.
A woman in a black and tan jacket, tan hat and red pants has just putted a golf ball.
A person taking pictures outside in the snow.
A man on an elevator looks at the mirror on the wall.
Woman wearing a stocking cap, standing in a subway tunnel.
A black guitarist in a yellow tracksuit and black fedora sits on a public bench playing his guitar.
Three ladies with cloth looking at a phone.
Smiling toddler wearing a blue shirt smiles while sitting on a swing set.
Girls in knee pads and rollerskates stand together.
Group of people in the wilderness packing boxes full of food.
Chinese citizens walking through the square.
Pedestrians strolling about a plaza in front of a large building.
A woman in a blue shirt is sitting on a curb.
A man turning around and smiling as he walks down a busy street at night.
A lady carrying food crossing a bridge.
Pilot in a cockpit in a green vest about to flip a switch.
An old man is selling fruit.
Two workers in hard hats work on machine in close off area with barbed wire.
A bearded man shows off what he just cooked.
Men are working outside and one is climbing on top of something.
A young boy runs past a graffiti covered wall.
A man with a large plant reads a newspaper about how someone (besides him) is an idiot.
A family in a log cabin setting up for a birthday party
A boy trying to convince a girl to come with him into the store.
A man sings while a red-haired woman waits her turn.
A man and woman in black exiting and entering a kitchen, maybe for a St Patrick's day party.
Several people buying empanadas from a small empanadas store.
Lumberjack in his security red jumpsuit, gets stylish with his orange hard hat as he cuts down the trees.
Children playing on a roundabout.
A woman in a yellow shirt is dancing barefoot on a shiny surface in front of forestry.
The Fire Department is on the scene to assist in an accident.
Two men pulling on a net near shore with waves crashing the background
This man is asleep on a bench.
A man, wearing glasses, is rock climbing.
An old man and old woman are inflating a hot air balloon.
A man in a yellow outfit watching some men play chess.
A black-haired man gets a haircut.
A man stands behind a bar which serves a number of kinds of beer.
A man is singing with a clown just behind.
A choir dressed in all black is performing for an audience.
A couple is getting ready to take wedding pictures.
Five people in a race are walking next to each other.
Guy in white fuzzy jacket plays guitar while a man in purple button up sings.
Four men on a soccer field while the sprinkler is on.
A small white dog is running across a grassy field.
A man in uniform directing traffic as people cross the street in a crosswalk.
A white wall with pictures with a little boy looking at them.
Two kids play on the road while their parents wait and sit on the bench.
A soccer match is getting ready to start.
Two women walking wearing all blue in a field.
Man in scottish garb in a parade
People at some type of outdoors fair.
Two boys are talking while one is sitting on a mule.
A cleaner in a one piece mops the floor in front of his tricycle full of supplies.
A bearded man enjoying a hot bath.
A little girl stands on a cobblestone street and watches bubbles.
Two people in white tops and black aprons.
A kid trying to climb up running through a skateboard slope.
A little girl in jeans and a blue shirt sits on a swing.
A woman wearing blue clothing shows a picture book to several small children.
Children are sitting in chairs with a music stand in the background.
A group of children holding butterfly cutouts in the air.
A woman in an apron is looking for bread.
Three people wearing life-vests are paddling along in a canoe on a small river in a marsh.
A man dressed like late 80's movie Batman.
A little girl in pink is standing next to a little blond and is looking at cards.
Children stand under an umbrella in a river.
A group of people watch a man standing on a stool dressed in a thong.
An adorable young boy is having a good time.
A young girl in blue in a swinging outside with her eyes closed and hands off the swing's chains.
A group of people are in front of a food truck.
A group of people sitting down to a meal in an old wooden building.
A man is using a broom outside of a store.
The senior citizen, wearing the tracksuit, is skateboarding through the park.
This marketplace features multiple vendors selling fruits, vegetables, and other items.
Two children are enjoying baked goods while sitting in chairs next to one another.
The person wearing the red hard hat is on the mountain.
A man in a black shirt is removing his work gloves by a red gate at a construction site.
A balloon vendor stands in the street while motorcycles drive by.
A man i a mountainous region is working with a circular piece of aluminum.
Two scuba divers take an underwater photograph together.
A young boy is standing next to an open cabinet, and he is covered in flour.
Two young children playing on a statue.
A woman wearing a red coat and striped pants is leaning towards a man wearing a black hat and smoking a cigarette.
Two musicians in black playing a saxophone and trumpet around pine trees.
A child in a pink coat is standing in the middle of a pile of empty plastic bottles.
Here is a man who is protesting against bottled water.
People crossing at a stoplight in front of a big building.
An older woman is checking her watch.
Two women with hats are walking away from each other with their luggage.
A rollerblader performs a toe grab off a curved wall.
Six people in white hard hats walk on a walkway covered in snow.
Two people jogging on a path.
A person wearing a white garment with a brown vest is standing next to a carpet where a man is reclined next to some items.
A dog runs through the woods.
A proud father with his child and dog is sitting in a lounge chair outside, and looking at his son.
A man and a donkey carrying straw walk along a road.
Two pudgy, middle-aged women stand in a parking lot next to an empty shopping cart.
A guy is helping a younger girl rock climb with trees in the background.
A girl in pink is being pulled up with rock climbing gear by a man.
An adult male and female balance on a seesaw.
A man is sitting in front of his gray laptop.
A man and three children riding a bike with four seats.
A woman eats dinner with her dog as she sits on the couch and there are four lit candles on the table.
Two little girls looking out at airfield with wonder.
A man dressed as Santa Claus gets out of his Prius in front of Ruby's Diner.
Two young girls playing outside on the playground.
People ice skate on a lighted space near a spot that sells alcohol.
Four people are sitting at a table having a meal.
A young boy wearing a gray sweater is coloring on a piece of paper with crayons.
Man is a pink shirt is standing on the sidewalk.
A woman sitting in the back of an SUV with food being prepared.
A person spreading glue on the sole of a shoe
Young men and women shouting with serious looks on their faces.
A man and a woman are shopping at a large hardware warehouse store.
A man on a high ladder is painting the outside of a house.
A man doing a midair kick at a karate tournament.
Two workmen are standing on a roof while they repair a chimney.
A woman holding hands with a child who walks on a bench.
A new baby still in the hospital, wrapped in blanket, sleeping.
Two kids are sitting in a stadium.
A brown and black dog running on a shore near the beach.
A bearded man in green coat stares into the camera lens.
A woman is picking corn, half hidden by the stalks.
A child plays with her father's boots.
Men are driving away from a dock in an orange boat with an outboard motor.
Four men and a woman are singing a song at an event.
A father and his children picking out a Christmas tree.
A group of people are riding bicycles.
Little boy sitting outside looking at lit up jack-o-lanterns.
A girl sitting on a bench.
Groups of people sit on the steps overlooking gardens and fountains.
One of the band members playing his trombone.
A dog running at the shore of a lake, hill in the background.
A happy boy, jumps in the sand.
Two boys and a girl doing schoolwork in a classroom with a green wall in the background.
A child is sitting behind a makeshift table.
Waist down picture of a surfer riding a small wave.
A man sitting on a green chair in an airport.
A group of people of mixed ages sit on a bus that features red headrests.
A boy and girl are standing near a clown.
A group of people are sitting at a round table indoors, eating food.
A dachshund puppy jumps on a bed.
A baby sleeps on the floor with a stuffed animal.
The group waits for their ride for the trip.
Three little girls are sitting at a red table with an empty green table in the background.
A man performing a skateboard trick, with streetlights and traffic lights behind him.
Men with black vests are standing in the back as a woman raises a yellow flag.
Two men of hispanic descent are working at the wood boards.
Man in an orange shirt and shoes stands among boxes while holding a box in his hand.
A group of men are having their pictures taken on steps.
Two young girls in red bathing suits swimming in the water.
Several dogs brawl in an alley near a silver car.
Two men, one holding a microphone, are talking while standing on a wood floor designed for an athletic event.
Two Asian women browsing inside a store.
A boy in a red shirt climbed to the top of a jungle gym while other children play at the bottom.
Four people watching a man standing in the river
A man stand in front of a brick wall with the city in the background.
A man dressed in full Santa attire, with beard and glasses.
A young woman with a gray shirt is looking at a brown piece of pottery.
Man atop bike pole sitting on bike having a cold drink.
A man in a white shirt adds detail to small sculptures.
Various people out and about in a public place on an autumn day.
A man covered with a red shirt and wearing sunglasses is relaxing on a porch with a newspaper.
A man with a tennis ball playing with his dog.
A professor is giving a lecture to students in a classroom.
A woman is making a clay pot.
A man with a hat and blue jacket buying something at a marketplace.
A small child wearing a helmet is in a baby carrier that is on the floor.
A bald man in a black hat wearing a black shirt with black shoes on stage playing a red guitar at a concert.
A man takes a picture with his phone.
Seen from a low angle, a man in a tank top plays the drums.
Three musicians are performing together.
A big yellow van with a man standing next to it on the street.
A group of four hikers in the woods.
A group of people in outdoor gear looking at a map.
A young hospitalized child decorates her medical apparatus for the holidays.
A serious looking man in a tan coat standing outside while its snowing.
A little boy in a blue jacket prepares to shovel snow.
Four hikers are walking up stairs on a small hill.
Man in blue shirt sitting on the side of the road with a wheelbarrow of vegetables
A heavyset girl in a striped dress with glasses is holding hands with someone while she is receiving some sort of medical treatment.
A mother and her two children sit down to rest.
Two people in green coats and pants, wearing safety vests and carrying a stack orange cones.
A couple walk up a set of stairs in the snow.
Many dogs are swimming and playing in a fountain in a public park.
Two men on scaffolding fix a blemish in a building.
A man in a blue jacket is pushing a bicycle loaded with a potato type vegetables.
Women conversing while tending their produce in a market.
Two guys are in a garbage bin and three others are in the background.
A woman leaning her head on a man's shoulder.
Four people in their 30s take a group photo at a bar, someone is flipping off the camera.
Two people in white hats look at a computer screen.
A bearded white man in a beanie and yellow jacket stands next to a fallen tree while looking toward another man.
The skier in blue is turning and creating a dust cloud of snow behind him.
A woman in a black jacket grabs a cup of coffee.
Hot air balloons are being prepared for use.
A man with a tattoo behind his ear plays the guitar and sings into a microphone.
People standing on the sidewalk next to the trolley and track.
A semi-circle of adults and children sit with a Christmas tree in the background.
Two ladies in winter clothes playing with a duck and snow.
A woman sings to a group of people holding their hands up.
Two Asian men work with dough.
A child in a green cap sits at a boats controls.
A person is walking through a snow covered street at night.
A man in white snow gear is shoveling snow.
A man in a yellow truck plowing snow.
A woman wears her hair down and does not have her head covered like those around her.
Two men working outdoors at night in the snow.
A man wearing a hat holds a silver pole on a busy sidewalk.
Male and female soldiers unload Christmas gifts from the back of a van.
Man and woman stand behind large truck in front of yellow house.
Two woman kissing by a river in a city.
A group of people trying their hand at ice skating on a sunny day.
A woman sleeps in the back of a car.
A man shoveling his front steps after a snowstorm.
A man wearing a red shirt reclines against a motorcycle.
Dog carry leash in mouth runs through marsh.
Two people are walking towards a domed structure.
Two men in orange uniforms stand before a train and do some work.
A woman and a young boy read a book together in a living room.
A kid in a yellow shirt wrestles with a denim wearing kid on the white couch.
A man wearing a green shirt looks down at a cellphone.
Railway workers attach a strap in order to service a car on an incline.
The people are marching through the street.
A man with a blue shirt is flipping burgers at an outside grill.
A man is holding a guitar and speaking into a stand microphone
A little girl with pointy pigtails is sitting in the sand on the beach.
Four males on a stage playing various instruments.
A man with a beard sits on a rock as he watches the ocean wash ashore.
A police officer in the middle of a parade
The man in the black hat has his back to a theater sign.
Two older men talking on a sidewalk.
A man with a blue and white jacket, cap, and backpack, taking photographs.
Three men discuss a project along side a large yellow construction vehicle.
A brown puppy walking through the snow.
A man and a dog are walking in the street.
A girl with black hair and a brown sweater is cooking on the stove and has a big smile on her face.
A group of people standing in a kitchen.
A heavy man wearing suspenders is sitting on a bench next to a huge balloon arrangement.
A dog running through a field towards a camera.
A woman with blond-hair enjoying the sun in her flower pattern shirt flip-flops.
A smiling woman sitting on a smiling man's lap.
A person walks up a snowy hill with skis on his or her back.
Young child smiling after being buried in sand.
A child wearing a red helmet, cowboy vest, striped shirt, silver shorts and brown pants.
A couple walks through the rain with their child holding umbrellas.
A man and his father look very amused as the younger man in the blue shirt and masters hat hold up a barbie doll.
A little girl is playing dress up.
A woman standing on the street is conversing with a man on a truck.
Five elementary school children are running a relay race.
A girl and boy in blue jerseys passing a baton at a track meet in Asia.
A person is running a meat shop.
Two young boys hold a crying infant while both are sitting in the same chair.
Two men in reflective vests walk by a giant picture of a man in a vest.
A view down a narrow European cobblestone street with several cars parked along the road.
A man hugs his infant in a hospital room.
A shrouded man coming out from a dark doorway, holding a skull.
Two kids running a relay race.
Three men in yellow vests digging a hole in the dirt.
Three men in a crevice in a street.
A brown dog is playing ball in a yard.
A woman climbing a mountain.
A child wearing a blue coat runs along the snow while a small dog follows.
Two men in casual clothing are moving crushed blocks of cans.
The new baby girl fell asleep next to her newly washed and folded clothing and blankets.
An audience sitting in an auditorium.
A gyro chef in a white jacket and cap looking at gyro meat.
A male wearing a red hat is sitting on a log in the forest.
A group of people are taking a rest on their hiking trip.
A boy in a red sweatshirt leans on a rock.
A young boy goes through large rocks in the mountains.
A man is standing on a subway leaning against a pole.
Here is a picture of Asian dancers performing a new dance in front of their class and teacher.
Two people helping a gentleman across the water.
A man camps outside with a tent and necessary camping gear.
Two men filming an older gentleman, while a fourth man watches.
A small child wearing pink sits on a dark carpet.
Little blond girl reaching for a basket of toys.
A woman in a red t-shirt is carrying a blond child, while another woman stands nearby in the kitchen.
A dad fixing a toy for his daughter.
A woman with short, dark hair is on the floor reading a book to a little girl dressed in a white dress.
A dark-haired woman hugs a blond child while a woman in a freen shirt watches.
Three people in an open outdoor area have just landed from a skydiving drip.
A woman walking down a crowded street
A man is sitting down pointing and looking into the distance, there is beer bottles appearing in the background as well.
The girl in the blue dress and hat is smiling.
Young child getting ready to bowl a ball toward a pin while playing bowling.
Seven people walking across a bridge.
Two people jumping from a plane and about to release the chute.
A college basketball game being played in the Big Ten Conference.
A group of people is talking and standing next to a bus stop.
Three dressed up women walking on a gravel road.
An asian woman, stands at a checkout counter, holding money in her hand.
A girl in pink pant playing in the ground.
A woman shopper is pushing her stroller while looking through items on the shelf of the aisle.
Two men standing near a piece of heavy equipment.
A group of people in formal clothing gathering in a church.
A woman behind a glass smiling and holding the peace sign.
A young boy is walking across a pipe that runs across water.
Four kids sitting down two of them are sitting on a white cloth.
Two casually dressed men sit down and enjoy a beer and food outdoors.
Three friends smile for the camera as they are eating an interesting foreign meal.
Next to a green field, young blond woman sitting outside on a gray trunk applying makeup to her face.
A downhill skier wearing a lime green jacket and a white helmet.
A man and woman in formal dress smile at each other as they dance at a party.
Soccer player in maroon jersey standing next to ref in black
A soccer game in mid match, with a person in yellow about to get the ball.
Three soccer players standing on a field.
Soccer players pause a game because a player in white uniform is hurt on the field.
The two man is playing the softball.
A group of people in the snow, one is bending over to touch a snowshoe on his foot.
Two young women proudly pose with the snowman they completed.
A man in dark clothing stands amongst some gear wheels.
A man runs toward another man who has fallen during a rodeo competition.
Athletes on a soccer field stand around each other
A black dog jumps up to a man's uplifted hand.
Rodeo riding cowboy trying to keep on a bucking bull in an arena surrounded by rodeo clowns.
Workers in orange suits are working on a road.
A man sitting at the public laundromat waiting for his clothes to finish drying.
A corgie walks on a thin blue platform.
A female in a violet shirt and black pants is the focus of multiple cameras.
A brown dog is jumping on its hind legs.
Eight people are shown in the picture in snow gear seeming to be skiing.
Two dogs stand side by side in the yard.
A couple very excited about what is going on.
A man is standing by a fruit cart.
A woman in a red shirt stands alone in a terminal, with three pieces of luggage.
Three women dressed up in green and shamrocks.
A middle-aged man wearing a button up shirt reads a book about dogs to a toddler sitting in his lap.
A mother, teaching her baby girl.
Two girls attempt to cross the street in a crowded Asian city.
A man is standing in front of a mirror.
A little brown-haired boy wearing a red shirt and blue jeans is carrying a green truck.
Two young boys are playing with two toddler girls.
A young boy in a red shirt plays in a tree.
Three teenagers dancing one evening on the street.
A man is asleep on a park bench.
A house party full of young people.
A man throwing something into a river in the city.
Skier in orange jacket, standing at the top of a hill
A young person is playing guitar, behind them stands a very bright lamp.
A man in a vest stands on a quiet street.
Three children dressed in winter clothes are walking through the woods while pushing cargo along.
A construction worker in a red hard hat looking at a machine.
Many people are walking down a street surrounded by old buildings.
Woman wrapped in blanket sits on bench and reads in park.
A red hatted man is controlling a red machine to clear out the road, with blue skies and green tress behind him.
A baby in a yellow shirt smiles.
Workers are preparing food for people to eat.
Someone in a red shirt stacking many animal hides.
Four older men are playing musical instruments in a park by a wall in traditional costume.
A older man waits for a ride on the side of a country road.
Two older men standing in front of a store of sorts.
A man in an apron is using shop equipment.
A group of pedestrians walk down a city street.
A woman with a white horse costume and helmet enjoys hanging around friends.
The man in the suit with pink shirt and striped tie gives a speech while others laugh.
An electrician working on lights, possibly air conditioning ducts in an office building.
A man rests on the side of the road with his camel.
Two people fishing by a boat on the dock.
Someone dressed in a gray top looks on as the bowl rolls down the lane on lane eight at the colorful bowling alley.
A man rides a horse in a parade.
A group of people stare in the same direction and one woman sits on another woman's shoulders to take a picture.
A child smiles as she rock climbs.
A man in a white cap, standing in a field with a bat, about to swing at a ball.
A monkey climbs over wires above a street.
A man in the snow on a ramp working on an ice sculpture.
A professor is teaching a large group of students.
Three young men are taking a picture of two girls at a bar with a camera-phone.
Young girl getting ready to rock climb.
Man in heavy black coat smoking cigar standing near woman in brown jacket with a piece of paper in her hand
A dog walking along a snow drift.
There are many people walking around and viewing things in the red room
A man in a suit standing next to a large painting surrounded by a large gold frame.
A group of people on a bus or a train car.
Two people wearing snowshoes jump into the air to pose for a photo.
A man wearing an orange and gray jacket doing a jumping split in skis.
Two people sit on a dock with a sunset in the background.
A man and a dog on a park bench in the foreground, with a group of walking people in the distance.
Two small children wearing outside winter clothes are shoveling snow.
A man sits in a big blue boat, looking at dirty water.
A blond man with a backpack stands next to a pond.
A boy is pulling a little boy in a red sled through the snow.
People walk and dine in front of a hotel.
A group of people trying to pull a tractor.
A horse bucking a cowboy in a rodeo
A woman in a red jacket, with a hat and scarf on her head, selling her wears on the sidewalk.
Two men are riding on a subway while reading books without wearing any pants.
A girl in a white knit hat and winter gear rubs her tongue over her braces.
A man waits to get a drink from a flight attendant.
A man and a woman discussing something over drinks at a bar.
A man is talking to men at a table.
Rodeo people are walking out of a gate with a woman and boy following them.
A man is skateboarding in a city.
A child is pushing or kicking a bird with his foot.
A old couple is playing musical instrument on a street corner.
A bearded man reads while sitting on a wall in a park.
Two gentleman standing outside a Smoothies &amp; Bubble Tea vendor.
Two large cones are outside, in the street, in front of a large building.
A couple of boys are in a gym with partially assembled bicycles.
Two men on motorcycles, one with a silver helmet and the other with a black helmet, riding in a city, with a boy with a white long-sleeve shirt on, approaching one of the motorcycles.
Students, and their teachers in a classroom going over material.
A dog runs on a field with its mouth open.
A firefighter is shown trying to climb into some debris.
People gathering at the front of the temple before they go to meditate.
A man in a white shirt is approaching a seagull.
Three women are outside and one of the women is smiling.
A man is offering samples of food.
A woman walking outside while a gentleman rides on a motorcycle nearby.
Two men with shades talking on a balcony.
A woman is reading a book to two small children, one who is drinking from a cup.
A man wearing a yellow shirt is playing with his black poodle.
A man in a bright blue shirt and khaki shorts holding a water bottle is walking down the path between two steep cavern walls.
A girl dressed up as a butterfly.
A skateboarder flies through the air while two people observe from a tall viewing post.
A wakeboarder is performing a trick on a rail.
The future of snowboarding in the summertime with all the height and excitement you could possibly want.
A young male is doing a bike trick on a bridge in the evening.
A group of people jumping away in a street
An extreme biker cuts a corner in the forest.
Two young girls, in a kitchen, wearing aprons over their pajamas are saluting a man in an olive green shirt.
This is a woman playing her flute with sheet music in front of her.
A man dressed in all green with his face covered by a bandanna is working outdoors with heavy machinery.
A worker rests his foot on the back of a trailer.
A man wearing a train conductor's uniform standing inside an old train or trolley car.
Woman with a red hat ice skates and walks her dog.
Spectators are watching horses and their riders on a fenced path with a pond behind the path.
I young girl is blowing a bubble with gum.
A little Asian boy is wearing green beads and holding a green St. Patrick's Day balloon.
A sky-view of men digging a hole through concrete.
Two men stand by a truck and pieces of tree trunks.
Bearded old man has discussion on trolley.
A group of African children dressed in mismatched clothing sing and play instruments.
Two people walking on a street with barren trees.
Closeup of the side of an old woman's face with oversized sun blocking glasses, gray hair and a gold earring.
A young, Asian man is seen playing his guitar.
A man wearing a long-sleeve, blue plaid shirt and tan pants kneels next to a wheeled cart in a garage.
A man is steadying a diapered, blue-shirted infant on his knee.
A man and a woman talk to each other across a desk.
A construction site tearing apart a wall with graffiti.
A brown dog is chasing a red Frisbee across a grassy field.
Two children are sitting at a desk.
A group of people are sitting at a table and eating together, they are in a fine dining establishment.
The car left a huge cloud of smoke.
A Volkswagen vehicle speeds through a desert landscape amid mountains.
A woman at home preparing dinner.
A group of people listen to man standing at a podium.
Four people waking in the snow outside.
A man dressed in winter clothes cutting down a tree in a snow filled field.
A group of runners finishing a race.
Girl running in a marathon, wearing a black shirt with a white tank top, with the numbers 44 on it.
A blond boy in a striped shirt about to kick a pink soccer ball.
People standing in front of a gray building with a sign that reads 'Tickets Available Here'.
Woman with tear stained face at a piano.
A man using ski gear is jumping through the air near a brick building and blue guardrails.
A brown and white dog leaps, holding a flexible Frisbee.
A team in red and black uniforms stand on each others' shoulders while crowd presses into them.
A woman and a man stand outside a store.
A band is playing outside on a stone walkway.
Many people are gathered around the street watching two street performers.
Four women are gathered in traditional dresses and are watching an event.
A man riding a horse, competing to be number 1.
A man washes or dies clothes in a primitive setting.
Men working in dirty conditions with red fabric.
A woman cook in an apron is smiling at the camera with two other cooks in the background.
Two people dressed in black facing away from the camera with skull bones on their jacket and backpack respectively.
One man has a microphone, while a nearby couple dances.
A black dog playing with a green toy.
In the crowd, there is a woman in a red coat at the bottom of the stairs.
A group of young musicians.
A band which includes an Upright Bass Player is playing in a tent in front of Canadian flags.
A band is getting ready to play.
Nine female dancers wear tutus and use "Guitar Hero" guitars as a prop on stage.
Men getting ready for SXSWO to go live on the air
A man in a blue shirt and black hoodie is watching another man, in a blue shirt, do something with electronic equipment.
A man wearing a winter jacket is taking a picture.
A person gets into a car parked in front of Swan Restaurant in the snow.
A young oriental boy holding a trumpet pointing to the right.
A black-haired female guitarist and a male drummer are playing in a large tent.
A man plays mini-gold on the SportsCenter set while two others observe.
A boy jumps onto a large pile of leaves while a group of children and a woman watch.
A man pokes a fire with a stick while smiling.
A woman and two little girls are sitting on a concrete bench with their hands on their faces.
Two workers sweep the sidewalk outside of their small shop.
An alley open to a couple of people walking by
A woman browses through some ornaments.
Young man in camo pants carries a large metal box walks along the sidewalk.
Two tourists photograph a countryside and ruins
A African American man standing with a blue wooden card with two wheels on a sandy beach.
A man is laying down in the grass.
A man in a suit is speaking at a lectern.
Three men talking at an entrepreneurs convention.
Two men are standing and talking to each other, one of them is wearing a shirt that says "summer school."
Two men eeyeing three women who are looking at a product.
Three people are sitting at a small table near a screen with the words, "DEMOS, The Business of Care."
Three people sit at a table in front of a crowd of people.
Women standing at podium talking into a microphone giving a speech.
A large group is gathered for a banquet.
People in suits standing by a table with a red tablecloth.
Boy in shorts bathing by hose in the street.
An elderly woman wearing a green jacket, and a red hat, holds her black shoulder bag as she looks on at a distance.
Subjects eating a McDonalds meal along the street.
An older women in glasses and a white and black shirt working with paints.
Two men walking, one with a dog and a pooper scooper.
A woman wearing a blue jacket is standing outside next to a bicycle.
People stand in a park behind an ornamental boat.
A small child uses a grinding machine while wearing safety glasses.
A teacher helping a little girl with a machine.
A man with his head close to a laptop pressing a button.
A woman is putting together a wooden object.
A young girl wearing yellow shorts and a white tank top using a cane pole to fish at a small pond.
A dog catches black Frisbee.
A group of people in front of a store window dressed in winter clothes in the evening.
Two elderly people are taking a walk down a tree lined path.
An orange truck is seen as food trucks line up on a street.
A man carving up meat for a meal.
An older lady with red shoes, pink scarf, gray hat, and holding a bag, carrying on a conversation with an older man with red pants, green coat, and a green hat.
A man outside of a mobile lunch van.
An old african american man with a cigarette in his mouth sitting with a machine in front of him.
A group of students working together in a classroom.
A very young child makes a pouting face at an older male in a leather jacket.
A man and women are on a bus.
A young girl sits in the fetal position in pain.
An asian man with a long white beard staring straight ahead.
A blond woman in a loud print shirt raising her hand and smiling.
A large crowd is attending an event and taking pictures.
People look upon a monument where a speed is being given.
A blond man is singing and playing guitar.
A man holds up a small sticker that says "I am a photographer, not a terrorist" while standing among a large group of protesters.
A dancer performing with a hula hoop, with judges in the background.
A young woman is in a gymnastics competition.
A ballerina performing in front of a panel of judges.
The craftsman sits outside working his treadle machine to braid rope.
A woman is smiling holding up a Spiderman shirt.
A man and a woman are sitting on the floor, working with craft items.
A group of young children in a village with no paved roads.
A large crowd of people sitting in the stands watching a soccer game.
A man wearing a straw hat is hammering something.
A group of men and women who are looking at art in a art show.
A little kid wears some funny glasses that are way too big for his face.
A couple people at a museum looking in the gift shop, potentially going to buy something.
Guy on bicycle with seeing eye German Shepard dog.
A husky breed dog is sniffing a horse's shoulder while the dog's owner is petting the two brown horses.
A man wearing a blue jacket happily displays his product.
A woman with glasses combs through her hair with her fingers as she writes in a notebook with a pen.
A Young girl writing with a purple pencil.
A woman squats down to reach a bucket full of dead and skinned chickens.
A group of people are sitting under umbrellas on the beach.
A person, wearing a red jacket, skiing down a snow and tree covered mountain.
Construction workers are putting together a white canopy.
A nurse monitors a young child who appears to be post-op.
A person wearing a green shirt is jumping on the bed.
Two women, one older and one younger, appear to be on board public transportation.
Two young boys eating their lunch outside on cement steps.
A woman sits in a chair and smiles while holding a sleeping baby.
A guy getting money out of an ATM machine.
A crowd standing in groups on cement area across from parking lot and building in background.
The black dog retreived the white toy in the water.
A woman in a black uniform is pushing a bright yellow mop bucket down a hallway.
A sitting man playing the violin.
Three guys wearing pajamas, two are sweeping the floor while the other watches in a classroom.
Two women they are both wearing a dark blue uniform
A person wearing a blue and white coat rides a bicycle down the street.
A man dressed in red is playing a guitar in a street.
A little girl in a pink dress lays her head on a woman's lap, sucking her thumb.
Two man are standing next to a food stand.
The girl is paddling a rusty canoe in the water.
A man is knitting own some machinery.
A man takes a swan dive off a cliff while others look on.
A man in a white shirt does work at a table.
A trolley car is passing through a city.
Children eating popcorn while sitting on beanbags.
A worker is looking at her laptop sitting at her desk.
The dog is leaping over the bar.
A runner is about to run underneath this bridge in the fall.
A man sitting inside looking at the window washer outside.
Two guys on a couch, one is looking up the other is looking away with a cup in his hand.
The brown dog is running in the water licking his nose.
A bus opens its door to let people on and off.
Two kids sitting at a desk while another sits in the windowsill.
Picture of a little boy on a sidewalk looking at a pigeon.
A large woman in a blue jacket is looking irritated.
A man and a woman sit on a bus, but not together.
A toddler banging a plastic hammer against a metal pot.
A woman wearing a fanny pack is taking a photo of a red car.
A horse or mule is pulling a man in a cart down a paved road.
Three cowboys riding their horses next to a fence, in a dry grassland.
A swimmer in a blue bathing suit is smiling for a photo.
Two men are skydiving over a large blue body of water.
A basketball game before it begins.
A group of people are sitting in a basketball arena watching a team wearing blue and yellow jerseys warm up.
A young man plays the piano and sings in a concert.
A man in a gray t-shirt and black shorts holding what appears to be his son.
A baby is asleep on a blanket.
Sports team members practice and relax on a basketball court.
Female basketball players warming up before a game.
A group of people, mostly teenagers, are working on a city sidewalk, digging and cleaning up vines.
Two women holding shovels are standing on a small hillside.
A small child in winter attire jumping in a snowy and wooded area.
Man standing on the street holding a sign
A man is shaving his face while looking in the mirror with shaving cream coating his face.
An adult woman and a young boy walking through a city in the evening.
Gymnast lying on the floor with one leg pointed up at the ceiling.
Brown dog crouching in grass looking up
A man in a button up shirt is playing the xylophone.
Young girl grabs low hanging phone while a man walks away.
A group of soccer players on a field, one team wearing black and blue uniforms, the other, red and white.
People in beautiful blue water surfing a nice wave.
A girl wearing a pink skateboard helmet is riding in a skateboard bowl.
An unhappy looking child lays in the grass at a park.
Three people, each wearing pair of red snowshoes, relax in the snow.
Two brown and white dogs in the grass near a stone structure.
A child with blond-hair is looking at a selection of cookies and brownies.
The dog is in front of some bushes.
A large group of men are listening to a man with glasses sitting at a table with a strange pattern.
In this photo, a woman is on the phone smiling.
A man wearing a blue coat and jeans eating a hotdog.
A bull is charging a matador in rodeo, while three other men look at the animal.
A bull rider is in midair, falling off his bull who's back feet are high in the air.
Two people smiling while sledding down a snow covered path lined with pine trees.
Five men in heavy winter attire sledding down a snowy hill.
A hiker uses metal walking sticks to hike up a snowy mountain.
An unhappy child with his eyes closed is touching the back of someones pants.
Three children are by a waterway behind a house.
A toddler in a white hooded jacket holds on to the wall.
Eight oriental teenagers in red shirts are sitting on concrete bleachers.
A young child wearing blue jeans and a white shirt is laying on the ground along side cut-out paper trees and a sun.
Students are in a classroom, reading something off a paper.
There are several Asian children sitting cross legged on a concrete floor.
Two girls eating a meal together.
A young boy is taking a nap underneath a piece of cardboard that reads, "Connie Facial Tissues."
Asian school children presenting a group project together.
A boy is looking on a strange purple object in his friends hair.
Four kids playing basketball in a gym.
A dark-haired girl holding a racket in one hand and showing the peace sign with the other hand.
Four students are sitting on the floor by a model volcano.
A group of Asian students playing London Bridges while another student lies on the ground.
Two young students sharing their assignments in front of the class.
Two Asian students are trying to piece something back together.
A music band playing music.
A group of young people all wearing red shirts and all carrying bags or purses.
People are walking inside a very tall, old building.
Asian high school kids doing an group activity in a circle.
Asian students are examining sheets of paper while standing in line.
A young Asian girl holds a stuffed cat toy in a classroom.
Three young people standing in a crowded room.
Two girls sit at a table with a green marker standing on its end.
Students reading their answers in the classroom
A group of young girls sits on a bus with most looking out the window while one looks at the camera and smiles.
A class of students all doing different actions.
Children playing in a gym with a canvas wall cover on one wall.
Four Asian kids are sitting on the floor in a classroom.
Two girls laugh smile as they wrap brightly colored cords into each other's hair.
A short man is giving a speech.
A girl in a blue dress plays at a playground.
An unknown solider in green pointing to his right showing another man something
A group of people wearing orange and black play various types of drums as others watch.
A group of well-dressed young people stand in front of a congregation.
Two men standing in the snow, one looking at the camera, the other reading a paper by a sign.
Two men are skiing and the one on the right is laughing
A male in a black and white bathing suit, looks like he's hanging in midair, getting ready to jump into a backyard pool.
Man and women both vaguely clothed, with their arms interlocked between each other.
A woman is dancing in leaves, while spectators sit or stand on the grass.
A man stands on top of a construction vehicle.
Children playing on the sidewalk near an adobe building.
A man on crutches is reading the paper.
A baby plays chess as a cat looks on.
A man carrying plants and herbs along a train track.
A young, blond child looks out of a glass door.
A young man in standing underneath a Playboy sign.
A farmer is taking his oranges to the market to sell.
Many bikes are parked next to one another.
School children dressed in their uniforms look around at their surroundings in the classroom.
The child is sleeping while he is eating.
A crowd of people is squeezing through the airport.
A man and kids, receiving things from a woman.
A tall man dressed in a long-sleeved shirt, pants, and tall boots is sweeping in a yard.
Two women looking at bread on a table.
Two women in skirts are standing next to a structure made of stone.
An ambulance is near a pine tree.
A man is playing a guitar and two women in short, white dresses are standing beside him.
A mother happily pulling her baby in the snow with a sled.
A man standing wearing a brown jacket and he shoveling the snow away from the walking path
Two male children cleaning up leaves in a parking lot.
An adult lady wearing a tank top and a skirt is putting dishes in the dishwasher.
A man with shirtsleeves rolled up gestures while speaking.
A skier in a red snowsuit and white hat is holding a ski pole while standing in the snow.
A man serves food to a boy.
A man wearing a coat and floppy hat pushes a blue shopping cart full of bags.
A man wearing a hat is behind the wheel of a white Propane truck.
A snow covered landscape with light fixtures and a red fence.
People hiking through an icy, hilly landscape.
Three men, dressed in rain gear are standing on the dock of a boat preparing to clean fish.
The dog owner attempts to retrieve the Frisbee from her pet.
A group of men and women eating and drinking.
A man and woman are standing on the stairwell
A group of children standing around a statue in a lobby.
Children sit on a wall inside a cemetery.
One man takes a picture while another looks on in a foreign storefront.
A female singer is performing on stage.
A man is sitting at a table pointing while two females look at him.
A girl walking down the sidewalk at night
Three people standing at a shoreline holding a big net.
People sitting around a table with menus and wineglasses.
A person wearing the clothing of a teenager and a backpack lies face down on a padded bench.
A man wearing a gray shirt is feeling his beard.
Men and women standing on a board and putting siding up.
A man is sitting on a bicycle laden down with boxes.
A man playing a guitar and singing with another man
A woman looking at pictures in a photo album.
Two young men wrestling each other in the middle of a field.
A skateboarder is doing a trick in midair.
Several men and woman dressed in orange vests walking down a snow-covered road in winter.
Two women sitting on the floor making blankets.
A man in a red shirt is being serviced by a working old woman in a store.
Three men weigh fish as they come off the boat on a scale by the coast.
Maintenance or construction workers on a work site on a busy city street
Older women in a blue sweater playing the piano by the window.
An older man tipping his hat while standing in a group of people.
A group of professionals sitting around a table.
One man pitches to a waiting batter as they play in a parking lot.
A man is standing outside of a house with a snow shovel.
A man in a black cape faces off against a young boy in a tracksuit.
A neighborhood is covered in snow.
A man and woman stand in front of a large red modern statue.
Pottery can be enjoyed by even the very young at heart.
Children are getting sprayed by a water sprinkler.
Man kneels on roof of car and helps unload wood.
A young girl in a long pink floral dress and matching headscarf is walking outside and carrying two large, filled, white cloth bags, one in each hand.
A true cowboy, this man holds on during an exciting rodeo moment.
In a park scene, one man is jumping over an object on a skateboard while another man kneels with a camera to take a photo of the jump.
A young woman wearing a turtleneck and black jacket is smiling for a picture.
A woman is posing next to a cage full of stuffed sharks with cartoons painted on the wall behind her.
Two guys practicing how to do a handshake.
Little girl with brown snow jacket and purple snow pants is playing in the snow with a red shovel.
A shirtless man is holding a face mask.
An elderly man picks up pieces of broken barbie dolls.
In the Ikea store, a man sits on a chair.
A group of ladies walking along a sidewalk next to a blue and white wall.
Two boys in huge bubbles on the water.
2 infants, 1 in hot pink jacket and other in pink and blue flower jacket hugging in the snow.
Walking home on a cold winters day.
A group of people in a rush to get to work.
Two men in clown makeup are performing a musical skit on stage.
A woman is singing on a stage while a man in clown makeup plays guitar.
A baby is sleeping and sucking his finger.
Four band members play on a red stage in front of a big heart.
Three musicians perform on a stage lit with red lights.
A woman with a backpack and a aqua green shirt with her hand on her head and her hair pulled up looking over a few hills.
A child plays in the snow with a green shovel.
A man in a black and white striped shirt sleeps on a concrete bench.
Two little girls are riding one bicycle.
A woman in a black tank top and shorts walks along side water while listening to her headphones.
A man dressed in black is playing the harmonica.
A man examining what appears to be food in a kitchen.
A baseball player prepares to swing the bat at a pitched ball.
A baker dressed in white with a hairnet works with dough using a long pole.
Two females sitting on a stairwell in a mostly white tiled building.
Man in dark clothes as he stands in front of a lighted Christmas tree in the shadows.
A man standing in front of an oven with bread in it.
A man, wielding a knife, is looking at food on a rotisserie while others look on.
A very young child is wearing a white costume around its head.
An asian man is sitting down with wires coming down with a suitcase beside him with pictures of women on it.
Two males walking away from a bench.
A woman in a black sweatshirt is pouring liquid detergent into a washer in a laundromat.
Black dog running through a grassy area.
A woman who has just finished her dance performance3.
A brown-haired male singing while playing a guitar.
A female gymnast is upside down with her legs in a split position.
Two policemen are riding bikes on the street.
Two young girls with long hair smiling with rosey cheeks, one with a red shirt, one with a white shirt while hiding behind a wall.
Two people carry their bags down an unpaved road.
A boy is walking in the snow with his dog and holding his snowboard while an older man, presumably his father, follows behind in the background.
A girl with white and red makeup holding a red umbrella.
A group of 4 people are walking along a path.
Three men in a small boat are being lowered toward the water.
Child and adult wearing winter attire riding bicycles down the street.
Two people sitting on a rock in a city park.
A brown dog is trying to catch a flying disk but missed it.
A man walking around the corner of a red building.
A man wearing pants is on a rock climb wall.
Two women are eating food together.
A man in an orange jacket is looking at stones stacked in columns.
Athlete throwing a javelin at a track and field event.
A sheepdog is being looked over by judges at a dog show.
A crowd watches as five dogs are judged at a dog show.
A man wearing a blue shirt stands on an orange ladder to fix a light
One person in blue leggings enjoying ice skating.
A woman on a bus that does not look very happy and the bus seems crowded.
Many people at a dog show in a stadium.
People in line with their skis at a ski resort.
Two men climbing on a wooden scaffold.
Three people in coats walking along a snow strewn trail on a mountain.
Three people with their German Shepherds walking on a green turf.
A child is staring outward from behind an iron latticed barrier.
A woman who is smiling is wearing a unique head ornament.
Person dressed in dark clothing doing a flip into the snow along side the road.
A brown dog shows his teeth.
A beagle and a young blond child wearing a number 96 tag at an event.
The gentlemen with a snoopy jacket is painting the surrounding scenery beautifully.
A man and a woman in colorful costumes are performing a dance at night.
A young girl and a german shepard on a beach.
A mother, her children, and their pet dog are on a beach and look like they are vacationing.
An Asian couple are standing by a fantasy poster.
Three people in bodysuits are on the ground and appear to be screaming.
A man places his arm around his girlfriend at a conference.
A group of people in a room talking and sitting in chairs.
People serving themselves food at a buffet at night.
A man in a white jacket is holding a boy, who is also wearing a white shirt, in his lap.
Two girls are playing a sport.
An older man is painting a landscape picture that is on an easel outdoors.
Man sitting on a stone with a backpack and a scarf around his next looking as to be sad.
A man in a green plaid shirt performing some karaoke with a guitar in front of a small crowd.
A man speaking to a group of people.
A man and a woman, both holding packets, talk to two seated men in a well-lit lobby area.
Speakers in a room full of people sitting in chairs.
A man in a white shirt and jeans using a chainsaw to cut down a tree
A kid with white jacket standing in snow.
Two people taking their boat out in to the ocean.
A couple kiss in front of a large ice heart.
A seven person called the sun chasers is playing outside with a sign asking for donations.
A person in a red and gold costume is standing behind a man in black.
People in a bus which is heading to 84 Peterson.
A man and a woman work with a tool on a log.
An old woman in headdress tills the soil of a field using a hoe.
A child looks at a lizard in another child's hand.
While singing into the microphone the man in the black shirt plays an acoustic guitar.
Two men, one pitcher and one umpire, are outside playing baseball.
A male snowboarder wearing orange and blue standing atop a blue table at a ski resort.
A group of people gather in a park during the winter.
A woman rests on the curb of a city street while talking on her cellphone.
A man is walking on a sidewalk that is under construction.
Two young boys are playing the game "Twister" and have placed their hands and feet on blue and green patches.
Several people running a race.
The man wearing a blue helmet is riding a Polaris.
A young girl doing crafts, while a few people stand around and watch.
A woman with a black belt is doing some form of martial arts.
A woman sitting at a spinning loom.
A young Indian boy is blowing bubbles with a classic bubble blower.
A lone fisherman is on his boat checking his net.
A woman from India origin standing while making yarn.
People gathered around an olive vendor at a farmers market.
A man in a dark green jacket is hitching a black horse to a black pole.
Mountain climbing down the side of a rocky cliff.
A business event is taking place with an attractive blond woman smiling at the camera with her phone in her hand.
People are walking down a street with a yellow moped in the fore-ground.
An ice skater holds the Korean flag while waving to the fans.
A woman wearing number 145 is running a race.
A Hispanic man wearing black is holding the hand of a dancing women who is dancing.
Four children sitting in a pastel-colored classroom.
This is the image of six Asian children with tambourines.
A child in a denim jacket plays house.
A young girl standing in front of a row of yellow chairs.
Four women interact at a conference.
A woman is holding her neck and watching something.
A dark-haired woman on her cellphone holds a little girl wearing a bright pink dress.
A homeless man is lying on the ground with his stuff strewn around.
Joggers in a race on a cold day.
A large group of people in a room, smiling and laughing.
A group of women stand all looking toward the same direction.
People are clapping their hands after the speech.
A woman in black puts her arm around another woman while their photo is taken.
A marathon runner either starting or passing through a checkpoint at a fundraiser marathon.
A crowd of people prepare for a marathon.
Runners are photographed as onlookers watch and take pictures of a Run for Haiti.
Runners are competing in a marathon.
A woman is wearing ice skates and there are groups of people in the background.
A man is tossing an onion in the air in the kitchen.
A man and a woman walk down the street on a chilly morning.
Several little girls are at a table painting.
A couple are dancing while others are watching a concert in a bandstand.
People running in a marathon.
A girl in a hat sit on a beach while talking on her cellphone.
The machine is digging a huge hole on the ground.
Marathon runners are heading down a road by a park on a cold winter day.
Runners compete on a cold day in the city.
A man walking barefoot looks on over a cliff as the sun is just above the horizon.
A bearded man wearing no t-shirt fixes his bicycle.
People are in line at a white tablecloth-covered buffet, serving themselves food.
Two small children walk away in a field.
A group of young and older people gather around holding a peace knits quilt.
A piece of wall art that includes a tree
A little girl in a white sweater with polka dots is playing with a wooden tracked train set.
A little girl checking out her clothing.
Two dark-haired men in orange shirts leaning on a desk next to a man in a uniform.
A happy child sits in the lap of a woman wearing a green shirt.
A person in an orange shirt is laying on the ground while others are standing around her, smiling.
Children performing on a stage with tents in the background.
There are three boys on stage with podiums in front of them, they are preparing for a speech.
Two boy scouts in jeans act on a stage with tents.
Five guys are sitting on a stage in front of two green tents behind a Boy Scouts of America banner.
Boy scouts on a stage with a microphone
A young boy scout sits in a camping chair in front of a green tent, indoors.
A man is walking in a bright yellow jacket.
A young Oriental girl in a pink and gray striped shirt nibbles at a strawberry as she looks to her right at something behind the camera.
Two people having a picnic by a lake.
A man in an orange vest is standing next to a yellow canoe.
A group of boy scouts giving a demonstration.
A group of Boy Scouts are standing in line.
Two teen boys in boy scout uniforms.
A group of 5 boy scouts standing on a stage.
Three young boy acting in a play.
Two metal cages, one containing two rabbits, the other containing cardboard boxes.
Blue milk crates sitting on a dock by a boat.
Two people standing on the beach on a cloudy day posing for the camera.
A man with glasses typing on his laptop computer
Vendors sit at a street market with jars of goods that are red and green.
Man in hospital bed with oxygen tubes in his nose.
Two men, and one girl are wearing life jackets and swimming in the water.
A man is in a superstore shopping for a Hawaiian shirt.
Two adults, two children, and two dogs are sitting on a sofa.
A man in deep thought while the woman wits with much patience.
Four medium-sized dogs wrestle with each other on a grass field.
A girl is hiding behind a painted wooden structure inside a building.
A woman in a white dress is trying to give a man in a suit bunny ears.
A young boy is sitting on stairs with a book.
A little boy is looking out the balcony surrounded by plants, a toy bike, and plant pots.
A man is riding a bike with many different objects on it.
A person wearing a striped shirt, blue jeans and blue sneakers stands on a rock in a brook.
Two men on a traffic light making faces.
Two men playing table tennis in a room with lower lighting.
The men are putting together the metal frame.
A woman sells vegetables out of a mobile street cart.
A woman talks on a cellphone while walking along side a man.
A person in a yellow shirt is talking to a young girl.
Man with white helmet burning rubber of his black and green motorcycle
A woman watches a brown dog run away from a house across the grass.
A man standing in front of a blue wall looking down while smoking.
A man with an umbrella takes photos during a very snowy day.
Three kids running in a field around bikes
A young man wearing glasses, a black shirt and white cap is eating pizza and bread.
A man steps up on a step from a sidewalk.
A group of three men and two woman sitting at a table that has food, drinks, and a game on it.
A small girl covering her eyes in a yellow shirt, outdoors.
Two people riding a motorcycle through a very crowded street.
Parade outside with lots of light and color.
An older looking woman is taking notes in a lecture hall at a university, with younger looking students in the background.
A woman sitting at a table, taking a picture.
A man in a black coat is setting up his camera to take pictures with.
Women in robes walk across a marble floor.
A man wearing a white hat is being stomped by a brown horse.
Cowboy riding a bucking horse, while two guys watch from the gate.
A man wearing a balloon hat holds up colored cut-out drawings of two men.
People strolling through an indoor market.
A man is standing on pavement holding a stick in his hand.
People are photographing a building.
A group of people are around a pile of garbage.
A woman is sowing an Indian artifact for an upcoming festival.
A group of people in white hazmat suits standing in front of black trash bags.
Two women compete in a hurdle event.
Two young mothers are visiting at the dining room table while keeping an eye on their youngsters.
A group of people are looking at a cute little dog.
A woman in a white blouse is pouting while a man in a black shirt looks on.
A guy working in a factory.
A man on an empty sidewalk near a structure with a backwards EC.
A child hides under a piece of furniture.
People are standing around on a basketball court in an arena.
A young girl kisses the lips of her mother.
A black man with a red mask is carrying a box.
A ballerina dressed in yellow is dancing, on a stage.
A boy in a red poncho is reading while leaning on a pole.
Woman in black walks with child past a wall mural of a arid landscape.
A man with a pierced eyebrow is looking at a laptop screen, while a cat is in the background.
Two roommates are trying to fix the sink in the kitchen.
A lady in a red cap serving food to the community.
Two men in a room talking to each other.
A man gesturing with his hands in a room full of computers.
Man helping women with laptop in classroom.
A child is outside flying with a lot of balloons in his hands.
An Asian man standing next to a door points to something.
A young man is standing in front of a group holding a few papers.
Man holding a book and looking away from book.
Young women with fur coat and hat walking out of the bar.
Someone is hoisting another person onto a carousel.
Two men playing guitar on stage with two female background singers.
A man preparing a white volkswagen to be towed by a AAA certified tow-truck.
A man wearing a black shirt, and a man in a hat are performing in a concert.
An woman cutting and selling fish.
A group of young adults standing inside near a Pabst Blue Ribbon beer display.
An older guitar player is playing guitar on stage.
A man and young boy are in a river close to a sandy shore.
Man with dark blue apron taking an order
2 men wearing neutral color clothes have a conversation over a meal.
A man reading a newspaper in a laundromat.
A room of Asian students are working in groups at desks in a classroom.
A man with a gray jacket and blue jeans speaks into a microphone while facing a crowd.
A woman in a red outfit is jogging next to several street signs.
Male guitar player on stage in a black shirt.
A man wearing a dark shirt is sitting next to a white hat and sleeping.
A person in a red sweater is sail boating.
A young woman with red-hair, dressed in purple is holding an envelope as she walks on a city sidewalk.
Several people wearing baskets on their backs are standing next to each other.
Young white people side in a slightly dark room.
A man in a leather jacket and cowboy hat holds his hand out on the street.
Young child in a white jacket standing in front of a bike.
Gloved man holding a bird of prey.
A man in a purple outfit milking reindeer with a forest in the background.
Guy takes a break from carrying bags up steps and enjoys a cup-o-noodles.
Two men, one wearing a yellow shirt and the other a blue shirt, are playing frisbee on a field.
Three people are playing frisbee at a park.
A woman sitting in a tan chair beside of a dog while smiling at the camera.
The police arresting someone on a busy city street.
A young man with LA on his cap paints a turtle on a green background.
A woman poses in a kicking position.
A man in a white and gray shirt looks on as a shirtless man with a mustache cleans fish on a pale green table.
A patriot dresses himself and his horse with the colors of the American flag for a flashy display.
A tan dog hangong on to a white plushie toy.
A woman is riding a bicycle on the beach.
A young woman in a trench coat carries a plastic bag down the sidewalk.
An adult and child are playing monopoly, the child is covering his face with his hand.
A few people walk the beach, shot taken from high-altitude
Man is sitting on top of the balcony and viewing the beautiful city.
A woman in a pink bikini and a man in black swim trunks are jumping in the water at the beach.
A green building with two people sitting out front.
A person is riding a horse down a dirt trail.
Sandy beach, people walking, laying, sitting, a kite is flying.
A cook in a black shirt and checkered bandanna cooks on an industrial style stove.
A group of 4 people do various activities from playing guitar, to using a computer.
A cowboy on a bucking bronco in the process of being thrown off the back.
Men in rink with one man on out of control horse.
A waterskier is air-borne above the water near a background of tall palm trees.
A person wearing a coat and carrying an umbrella is leaving home.
Dark man uses a screwdriver to break into a window in an alley.
Two oriental people are seated a table at a restaurant.
Tan colored dog jumping over a branch in the forest.
Two women having a meal together at a restaurant.
A man and woman are sitting close together on a green bench.
A young man smoking at a park.
A man is leaning against the railing on the third floor of a terminal.
A woman in a yellow shirt at a train station.
Here is a picture of a girl wearing a shirt half ways up and standing behind a woman who is looking down.
A small child getting a taste of dessert mix.
A small child in a pink shirt is standing at a counter mixing something in a bowl.
A woman holds a microphone as she sings.
An African-American man, wearing a green hat, is sitting outside next to a trunk.
Four individuals walk down a street, with two holding hands and one holding a guitar.
A woman in a brown jacket laughing at something a friend is saying to her.
Two men at the curling arena.
A man in a red collared shirt talks enthusiastically into a microphone.
A couple stands in front of a brick wall holding shopping bags.
A man in red looks into the stall of a seller at a market.
A man with a red beard wearing a green Miller hat.
A woman in a green tank top holding a purse opens her mouth and looks excited.
A person with a red umbrella walking down a snowy street.
A man is washing his hair, brushing his teeth, and shaving at the same time.
A man is walking out a truck while carrying furniture.
Many people gather to watch a new invention.
Woman in blue pants walks past brick wall with graffiti.
A woman in a black beret and leopard print tights sits on a bench.
Kids waiting for the parade in the street.
A woman in a white uniform is sorting nuts behind a glass counter.
A woman wearing pink sweatshirt cutting cheese with knife.
Four police officers standing on a street with a clown walking in front of them.
Two ladies all dressed up and partying on the street.
If this equipment works properly I should be able to pick up every single speck.
A man on the chair is advertising or sharing info.
A man with a striped black and white shirt and a helmet cleans wooden floor while another one helps him on the background.
A man is waiting to cross the intersection.
Two older persons standing on a city sidewalk with a dog on a leash.
Male sitting in a chair at a outdoor cafe smoking a cigarette.
A snowboarder, wearing a blue jacket and green pants, snowboards down a hill.
A man reflects during a moment at a social gathering.
A brown dog swims in the murky water.
An elderly man takes a photo with a phone.
A couple dressed in winter coats admire framed photos on a white wall.
Religious men in burgundy clothing walk down the street.
A woman with a bike is looking at a statue, the statue is a display for an Asian restaurant.
A man shovels snow off of the sidewalk.
Two men are in conversation with one looking off in the distance.
A policeman rides on a motorcycle on a city street.
Several people are sitting in a dining area with blue lights above them.
A gymnast is balanced upside down on a bar.
Runners, some in costume, in a St Paddy's day Marathon run in the streets as people watch.
A woman is holding on to a bar while doing gymnastics.
A girl in a purple leotard is being hugged by a girl in a blue and purple outfit.
A man is walking down a street with bicycles behind him.
Two people are standing face to face on a bridge near a major city.
Two men talking as seen from an overhead shot.
A woman is hugging another women from behind her.
Two people are having an intimate conversation on the side of the road.
A brunette in a shirt plaid shirt and knee-high socks, with green beads wrapped around her wrists.
Lady digging through dumpsters during a snowy day.
A woman wears a robe and bikini with heels as she stands on stage next to a flower pot.
A woman is walking down a cold street.
Here is the apartment buildings and a vendor selling ice cream outside of them.
Women wearing a pink shirt selling donuts in a park.
A man is sitting while he reads the Times Sport newspaper.
Two people walk towards a person with three miniature horses.
A sculpture works on one of his pieces.
A man strolls along a palm treed walkway.
Two people in costume one green one purple both with white face paint.
Two Russian women talk while a third walks by in the foreground.
Two children are hugging while on a swing above a scenic view.
A guy in an orange shirt, orange shoes and brown hat on an airborne skateboard.
An airplane high in the sky with a man walking on the ground.
Two people street cleaning by hand and with machine.
A man in a gray coat is walking on a fallen tree trunk in a forest.
A man is asleep on a red bench
Two people are organizing a large amount of food outside along a busy street.
A person is walking by an old building.
A white dog holds a stick in its mouth while it runs through snow.
2 swimmers in mid flight doing a dive into a pool
A woman in a blue winter jacket is pushing a shopping cart through snow.
A woman hands out fliers to people walking by.
A boy wearing a red "I love NY" shirt waves to someone to his right.
People walk in front of the ornate brick building.
A man and a woman, both in hats, stand on the sidewalk in a busy city.
Homeless man wearing thick jacket looks at his food.
A woman in sunglasses and a hat standing on the street with a special offer sandwich board on her.
A woman with glasses sitting near on top the side of a hill and next to vehicles for that terrain.
A woman with a black jacket and red scarf and leggings walks with a man while another passes and looks back at them.
A lady standing by a tree looking at her phone.
A small boy grins in a crowd full of people posing with their eyes closed in a sleeping position.
A man in uniform stands at an entrance.
Two young people smile at the camera while walking their dog.
A man is doing a jump as he snowboards down a mountain.
A man and a woman, both in white hats, khaki pants and dark jackets are crossing the street.
A young woman walking down the rainy streets in a red parka.
A sign is posted in Times Square warning that Jesus is coming soon.
Pitcher about to pitch the ball.
A person hiking at the foot of snowcapped mountains.
A student walking on a sidewalk near a campus.
A man sits outside at a wooden table and reads a book while ducks eat in the foreground.
A little girl in pink clothes holding yellow rods.
A little boy in an oversized cap is eating a Popsicle.
A group of four men are walking along a beach, as a woman in a blue bikini looks on.
A man carrying a load of fresh direct boxes on car with wheels in the city streets, as a woman walks towards him.
A man crossing the street during a cold winter day.
A young girl is eating as she sits at a table full of food.
Man recording a video of a woman.
A woman in a black jacket talking on the phone on a street corner.
An elderly man reads a newspaper on a city sidewalk.
This man is wearing a shirt that says "coolest dad in the world".
Adults playing soccer out of uniform.
A girl wearing red shorts and sandals is sitting outside on a railing smirking.
A woman sitting in a chair looking into a mirror.
A dark-haired woman being fitted for a white dress by a red-haired woman.
A group of young adults playing Twister.
A woman with a headband on is eating and a man is watching her eat.
A woman puts new groceries on the table.
Three men are sitting under a blue tent on chairs.
A group of people are standing together, posing for a picture.
Several people are sitting in a public space on a bench.
A man sits down next to a rusty wall.
Black man on sitting in the foreground while a dark-skinned woman wearing a yellow dress walks in the background with something in her hand near her face.
A man in a narrow ally works next to a shop while a cat looks on.
Several men in coats and jackets on a city street.
A man in a white hood holding a cat.
People pass a homeless person with a blanket and red hood on an icy street.
A man excitedly pushing in lawn mower in the backyard of a house.
A woman is walking with a stroller in front of a building.
Two older men playing soccer with four children that are trying to score a goal.
Two men drinking beer in front of a fence.
A group of people sitting in lawn chairs.
A street is almost deserted with yellow sign opened up beside a white line.
People stand on a train platform underground.
A woman is intently reading a paper on the subway.
Image of an asian city with people walking down the sidewalk.
Two mounted police officers make their way down the street.
A cyclist approaches the underside of a bridge between buildings.
A lady wearing a dark outfit and carrying a white bag is walking along a street.
He is walking with a brown coat.
A man on a bicycle wearing an orange and black sweatshirt is carrying a long bunch of sticks.
A man wearing a red tie and suit is speaking to a crowd.
A young girl wearing a blue jacket is stepping into a puddle.
A man is sitting and using his cellular phone.
A young male in shorts standing under a wooden structure in shallow water.
People are walking along a busy city street.
A woman wearing a headscarf is walking down the street towards a driveway entrance.
Two soccer teams are competing on a soccer field.
Compact cars line the streets and a series of tents is set up along one sidewalk.
A woman is crossing the sidewalk with 3 small girls holding hands.
A man and a woman are closely examining a fishing pole together by a large body of water.
A woman wearing a black dress crosses the street.
A classroom full of kids sitting at blue desks.
People stand outside near a concrete wall and a window.
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans is seated by the road hitchhiking, backdropped by a field of flowers and a large green tree.
A woman in green is shacking the hand of a man in a suit.
A large group of people standing behind a podium on the stairs of a congress building.
Nancy Pelosi is giving a speech.
Two men and a woman sit on a brown bench with a brown dog.
A man flips in the air before a crowd of onlookers.
Five people, a man and four women, are being pulled in a cart by a mule on a sunny day.
A city street with a metal bench occupied by a woman in black.
A bald man is getting out of a small blue car.
Some people are walking, sitting, or riding bikes.
A little girl with a white shirt playing a violin.
Children in a green classroom are raising their hands.
A group of black children sits behind red desks in a classroom.
A van with flags advertising floats, boogie boards, umbrellas, chairs, and surfboards.
People walking down a busy city street in the winter.
Two donkeys pulling a cart, carrying green bushes, as well as carrying people on it.
Three small children in white shirts are playing by a rock.
A child driving his Power Wheels car down the street, followed by his Dad.
An elderly woman dressed in a jacket, gloves and sunglasses is pushing a basket on a busy city street.
Two elderly women speak to each other.
Two men wearing a hat are holding on to their bikes.
Construction is occurring on a large cathedral.
Man playing piano outside, with 3 observers, near lamp post, palm trees and large building.
A police officer a new york church.
Three people walking down the street in an Asian community.
Young men play a game of rugby on the beach.
Several adults and a dog sitting on some white stone steps near a shallow pool
A blond woman is looking down while others sit in the background.
A man in a cowboy hat is sitting down and reading a book.
A man in a leather biker jacket walks the sidewalk carrying a large backpack.
A boy is laying on a grassy slope and a girl is next to him reading.
Two brunette women in stylish, sexy dresses posing for a picture.
A blond woman dressed in black is holding a camera and staring at something on the ground.
A white car is parked next to a tree that has red bark.
A man with a hat his holding two frisbees outside.
A man and a woman are talking in a park
A young Asian woman looks at the screen of her cellphone in a white coat.
Two guys doing some karate moves on a mat.
A brunette woman wearing a black leather jacket is holding a purple handbag on a sidewalk.
A Man with tan pants RollerBlading.
A man with curly hair and a beard walking in a crowd.
Welcome to our beautiful place and enjoy.
A man in the desert is sitting on a horse which has lots of decorations.
A large bonfire is burning at dusk.
Two ladies walk down a street wearing black lingerie and green skirts with garter belts.
Man with helmet rock climbing in a snowy area.
A redheaded female and brown-haired male wearing glasses stroll together.
A crowd gathers outside a beautiful building with a fountain.
Three little boys looking at the camera while one of them plays on a homemade drum.
Several young women walk near blossoming cherry trees.
A group of young people walking with two talking on cellphones.
Two groups of boys are playing a sport together involving a ball
A group of people crossing a street in the rain holding an umbrella.
Five people and a red telephone booth.
Three people are standing by a wall next to a white building
Two people are sitting in the park, on a cold winter day.
A man wearing overalls and a hat is playing acoustic guitar outside.
A bird sitting on a telephone line.
Two women jog down the sidewalk in front of a gas station.
A girl in a black shirt sits alone on the ground.
A woman wearing a tan coat is getting out of a small red car.
People are relaxing on cement stairs with grass, while others walk by.
3 friends hanging out in the park on the grass.
A street performer in a white shirt and blue jeans draws in a crowd.
The baby is tired of the hike he took with his parents.
A blond woman in heels strolls past the cemetery.
A man in an orange shirt in front of picture of a man holding his face and squeezing his cheeks together.
A little boy is wearing a snorkel in a bathtub.
A man in black staring down at the sidewalk with shadows.
Several people standing below a clock tower with two clock faces.
A man in a gray jacket and black knit hat walking in front of a gray roll-up garage door.
A man appears to be reaching for a woman's drink in an office.
A woman in a purple top and jeans talking to a woman in a roller derby.
A person with a yellow jacket carrying 3 oranges in a plastic bag.
Shes feeding a goat with goat food.
A blond woman is listening to headphones outside.
A man in a white trench coat with a bag trying to make a phone call on a pay phone.
A person playing the accordion on a bridge.
A group of people and children are walking along a walkway.
A man in native clothing passes by a shoe store.
A woman, wearing shorts and a tank top, tries to scale a rock face using climbing gear.
A girl is toweling herself on a deck at the beach.
There is a person standing a mountain that has some interesting shapes.
A goat is looking at two boys just outside its pen.
A small male child in a GAP shirt sitting on a blue tractor.
Women standing in doorway at night next to train tracks
A woman in black in enjoying the cool and refreshing waterfall.
A soccer player wearing a gray shirt and black pants throwing a soccer ball.
A man is looking at a TV screen in a restaurant.
An abandoned 'Cafe Express' sign is now covered in graffiti.
A man in a hat is walking in a city while looking to the left.
Evening commuters walk past buses lining a city street.
A man is in a boat with two other men paddling the water.
A man and a woman stare at the entrance-way to some catacombs.
Two men wearing white shirts wearing helmets while riding a bike.
A man wearing dirty clothes is sleeping on the sidewalk.
A bunch of kids in canoes on a river.
Four women are outside of a Chinese store.
People are riding bikes next to a blue and green bus.
Man laying on a partially built house.
A woman in plaid pants stands on a ski slope, ready to descend.
A doctor consoles a sports player injured.
A man and two women eating and drinking in a kitchen.
Boys in uniform wait outside a building.
An elderly women in a coat walking down the street.
An old woman with a cane walking next to a car.
A man looking over the balcony of a modern building.
Two girls in green sweatshirts pose outside.
A group of people walking across the street some carrying large black and red flags.
The aged woman sits while wearing her pink-lensed glasses.
A group of children are outside dressed in blue in a fenced in area.
People staring up at the fair.
A boy in a blue jacket points something out to his mother, also wearing a jacket, as they walk through a colorful carnival scene.
Small child laying on a hardwood floor.
A row of red bicycles are parked on the street.
A child poses his head through a hole in a painted wall.
Two men photograph pink flowers, one with a small digital camera and one with a larger lens.
A small quaint town all lit up during the holiday season.
Person in a red hat walking on a sidewalk on a snowy day.
An older man is playing a saxophone.
Man with a shaved head and beard poses on a expansive beach with an orange sand bucket on his head.
A construction worker is blowing debris off the sidewalk
A man, dresses in white, holds a can while he walks on brick pavement.
A man in a green jacket is playing a fairground game.
A woman in a blue jacket is walking next to a poster of two green figures that look like men.
The black and brown dog is running through the snow.
Down looking men are hanging out on the side of the road.
Man in brown suit walking towards camera near row of cars.
The dashboard of a car with a brown dog toy and a pink doll.
A man in a jacket sits and snoozes on a green park bench.
A man and a young blond boy using plastic interactive toys outside.
A girl is singing while jumping in the air.
A couple covered in paint caught the attention of those in front of them at the fruit stand.
A US postal mailbox covered in graffiti.
Men in turbans watch while one grips a camel by the throat.
Young man hard at work over by the lake.
A woman is walking in the snow with a polka dot umbrella.
Three men walking on a sidewalk in a city.
Three workers are walking out of their secured building at the end of the day.
Woman with pink shirt sitting in chair.
A woman with a black purse walking into the street while a man on in a business suit is walking on the left.
A man is speaking a presentation while others watch a slide show.
The guy in the dark suit at the podium is pointing to the powerpoint screen.
A limo driving down a street in a graffiti-laden neighborhood.
A closeup of a woman walking while wearing a black and blue tank top with sunglasses on top of her head.
A woman standing on the sidewalk with her hands in her pockets.
A group of people are passing through the town square.
Several adults walk down a stone-paved walkway in Europe.
A person pushing luggage and someone on the cellphone in a city.
An old woman on a cold day, outside a sports store somewhere in Brazil.
A woman in sunglasses is standing next to an orange sign that reads RoadWork Ahead.
A man in a city is crossing the street pushing a cart.
Three young boys are dressed in hoodies facing the same way.
A man holding walking in the street looking away from a beggar.
A man with a backpack is walking down the sidewalk in front of a red brick building.
A lady in a white tank top is walking holding something in her hands.
Four people, three men and one woman, are working on their computers.
A cop wearing a high-visibility vest is holding a stop sign.
A woman wearing black is carrying a container of food.
An elderly couple reads a map on a park bench.
An old man in a coat and hat sitting on a park bench.
These woman are watching people play tennis from a bench.
A kiteboarder wearing a helmet and goggles rides across a snowy landscape.
Two young children looking at fresh lobster in the grocery store.
A man in red walking in front of a wall of windows.
A woman sitting inside a train car.
A bicyclist waiting for traffic to pass so he can cross the street.
A small child playing in a dusty square.
A woman holds a frozen pop sickle and keys in her right hand.
Two women walking around in a city.
A man in a uniform sits on a chair with a rifle at his side.
Old woman in white cutting colorful craft like sheets.
An older woman with a cane is walking with a sign around her neck.
A man is painting a picture while on the sidewalk of the street.
Older female walking down city sidewalk in a yellow jacket holding a black Zales bag.
A woman sitting by a garbage can.
A middle-aged man is reading the newspaper and drinking Starbucks coffee in the park.
An old man on a train reading a newspaper.
A man in a black jacket sitting on a bus with earphones.
A street vendor with dark hair and glasses, sitting on a folding chair.
A few people walking in the distance of a small town.
A man is pushing a bicycle powered cart down the brick street.
Three male students work in a lab with one of them looking through a microscope.
A group of friends walking down the sidewalk.
Three woman look back at the camera that's in the rear seat of a van as the driver drives down the road.
A red-haired woman in a black coat in front of a sign.
An elderly man wearing a black jacket and blue jeans is sitting on a bench while looking at his phone.
A woman is reading a magazine while sitting at a table.
A young man at a party shouts out, his fists raised with emotion.
Two brown dogs rough house outside.
An older man is cutting the hair of a customer in his barber shop with floral walls.
A man in a red jacket smiles as he holds a bicycle over his head.
A man in a blue shirt is laying on rocks in the sun.
A woman speaks into a microphone at a social gathering.
Lot of cars on the street, and one man on the bicycle.
An older woman rides a bicycle across the street in front of a large green building.
An attractive young lady out in public is glancing sideways at something off-camera.
Several men and women gather at a sporting event.
A cart with an umbrella sits between two men.
A man in a red jacket and helmet is riding a bike.
An African-American male youth is riding a green bicycle while other people are looking at pictures on a board.
A car gets ticketed for a parking violation.
An Indian family stands together, ankle-deep in a body of water, looking out.
Four musicians playing guitars in a club.
A man with a yellow hat on is leaning on a wall of some sort.
Several people walking up a set of outdoor stairs.
A child in a black coat runs across a graffiti covered bridge.
Two people are standing in a flower shop.
One man is walking 11 dogs at the same time.
A trio of girls dressed to go to a party
A sitting woman is laughing beside a man in a blue jacket.
Children sitting on rock in the desert
A group of boys wearing sleeveless white shirts, one is drinking from a white cup.
A blond girl and brunette girl walking.
Three men working on a roof, while one man is climbing up the ladder.
A young boy works the soil in his yard.
A man with a black hat is walking with a riffle.
Happy mom flipping her daughter around and both smiling ear to ear.
A male and a female in lightly colored clothing are dancing.
Middle-aged man, with a leather jacket, standing in a misty parking lot.
Volunteers are in this picture with their dog searching for a missing girls last known playing in the woods.
A shirtless young boy sits on the top of a pile of rocks.
An elderly woman, a younger woman, a young boy, and a black furred dog walking on a dirt road in a forest.
A woman and a boy enjoying a walk in woods.
A woman and a younger child are walking in the woods.
A woman walking by a minivan and camper in the woods.
Children are playing on a playground set with one another.
A man dressed in civil war era clothing holds a musket.
An artist wearing a red gingham scarf works on a painting of a tower.
A girl in a pink hat sits on the ground.
A woman walks past a garage door that says "no parking any time."
A boy skateboarding down a steep incline.
Man in red shirt and blue jeans is adjusting his fly.
A man walking in a white robe.
Two large men are dressed in black t-shirts, khaki bottoms, boots, and jewelry with hardware.
A man plays music with a sword and a bow.
The man in the red shirt pretends to play the violin with an umbrella.
A woman with a large purse and boots walking in a marble-looking hall.
Two dogs wearing shirts play in the green grass.
Two cyclists are racing down a street.
A man and woman sit on a bench.
Four people are walking through a city.
People are running in some type of marathon while passing blue signs.
A woman in a gray dress is walking.
Three girls walking down the street while the one in the middle bounces a black basketball.
A man in a orange robe is sitting on the passenger seat of a motorcycle.
Four people going down from the electric stairs, wearing very warm clothes.
A group of people are having lunch in a crowded cafe.
A child in a white hoodie runs towards a flock of white birds.
A couple holding hands walks down a street.
A woman in black with a red umbrella walks towards a cathedral on a paved street.
A woman is pushing a boy in a wagon near a sidewalk.
A man in blue jeans paints a mural onto a light blue background.
People gathered around at an outdoor event.
A woman sitting at a table carefully looking at her apple laptop screen.
Pair of women holding umbrellas walking down a street in wet weather.
Person in a blue anorak reading a large sign standing on a train platform.
A Santa Cruz Fire Dept. engine outside a Gap store.
A sad little boy sitting at a table with a blue tablecloth eating chocolate ice cream.
A group of cars, buses, and cycles clog a street.
Four people with scooters in front of a very large metal gate.
A woman holding a yellow umbrella in the rain.
Here is a girl in boots walking with her backpack under an umbrella in the rain.
A shirtless, tattooed man wearing a hate is carrying a skateboard.
The restaurant staff is setting up the dining room for a meal.
An older gentlemen in red walks by an individual wearing all blue.
Two children, one in a red jacket and another in a blue jacket, are sitting in a tire swing.
A doctor with his assistants are working under a tent.
Group of doctors are gathered around a patient in a operating room.
An African American woman carrying yellow fruit on her head walking away from a building.
Two women, one in a blue shirt and one in a green shirt, are crossing a busy street with pans on top of their heads.
A blond women wears a jacket with an eye on it.
Pedestrians bombard a city street covered in consumerism, including signs for Burger King, McDonalds, Subway, and Heineken.
A dog jumps and catches a blue ball in his mouth.
The woman in the purple bikini and pink top is wearing a safety helmet.
A crowded city street with lots of pedestrians.
A woman in a brown sweatshirt and jeans is taking a picture of a guy with a beard while another woman texts on her phone nearby.
A person is sitting on a chair while listening to music.
A dread-locked photographer in a suit takes pictures of a group of young children sitting on the ground.
Dog running with a purple toy in the snowy field.
A man in a T-shirt is playing chess.
A man carries a trash bag along with his cane.
Two people on a bicycle wearing large helmets with the person in back dressed in purple standing on footrests at the back of the bike.
A man in a yellow safety jacket and blue jeans is on his cellphone.
A woman holding a yellow bag in front of a "Welcome to Aberdeen" sign.
A older male is working on a snow truck.
A woman with a camera as many people behind her walk across the water on a walkway.
The children's ski class is lined up listening to the instructor.
A woman walks down a city street with an umbrella.
A woman painting with a roller.
A man and a woman sit outside - The woman is wearing a fur coat and the man looks professional with a tie.
A man riding on a motorcycle sideways in Japan.
A little baby wearing a pink jacket with a hood and orange pants is running.
A group of hiply dressed young adults relax together.
A boy playing in the waves, with a seagull in the foreground.
A man wearing all black walking down the sidewalk looking at his I-Pod.
A man is reading a newspaper sitting in a train.
Two men are walking down the street going in opposite directions.
A woman posing with a kid in the background playing with bubbles.
A man standing in a large room by a window.
Woman in white hat and blue cape stands near shopping cart on a busy street.
A young woman with beige pants is walking a dog.
Cars drive under a bridge while people walk up above.
A young Indian child holds a doll along a fence.
A man in a green sweater talks on the phone and holds a baby girl on his lap.
A woman in an overcoat is using her phone while standing outside of a building.
Young couple peers at a storefront display under an umbrella in the rain.
Are you coming with me for a cup of coffee?
Three people in a line crossing a street in front of a delicatessen.
This person is making ice cream cones.
Several people are walking while wearing coats, while one is riding a bike.
There is 6 friends walking down the street.
Two people in purple kiss next to a makeshift tent and campsite.
A group of people are conversing with one another.
2 man and a dog walking down a road next to fields
A construction worker moves a device along a rail in front of a construction site.
A person is eating a plate of pasta with a black and brown dog on his or her lap.
A man driving a scooter down a cobblestone road.
A man and boy sitting cross-legged on ground inspecting barbecue grill.
A man is walking by a diesel refilling station.
A woman in a green blouse stands in the road and looks at dark clouds gathering in the distance.
A man on the street drawing pictures of people.
A young black woman holds a sign offering free hugs among a crowd of people.
A boy wearing a red shirt and jeans tried to touch the chainsaw.
A man jumps with his bike in a parking lot next to a four story building.
Two woman are having a conversation with an unknown individual on a sidewalk.
Man with a red plastic nose and a striped sweater holding a glass ball.
Two women are holding the butt of a naked man
A man in glasses is wearing a dark coat.
A man in a red shirt urinating outside by a tree.
People sitting on a lower level of a walkway, while a different person is walking above them among the trees.
An old man wearing glasses is holding a stick.
A group of people sitting at a table eating.
A black woman holding a flannel jacket and paper bag walks down the street.
A woman reading a book on a bench in a park.
An elderly man in a blue shirt is preparing food.
A man in a green jacket wearing glasses is carrying a bunch of flowers.
A parking lot with a bicyclist riding through it.
A man is standing in the middle of a road while talking on his cellphone.
A woman is holding green and gold pompoms.
One confused man is standing and staring off into the distance in front of some ticket collecting machines.
A man and his girl are crossing the street.
A person with a blue helmet on with black boots, who is riding a horse.
A man is sitting in an office, looking at a computer screen.
A woman in a black jacket and a black and white striped skirt is watching a woman talking to a little boy sitting on concrete steps.
Shoppers walking on a busy city street.
A woman wearing a gray coat, with brownish hair, is pulling a basket-like cart.
One person rides the waves of the ocean.
A man waits at a bus stop with a pink lighthouse and a green boat in the background.
A dog is being squirted with water in the face outdoors.
A mother and her two children in front of an old, worn-down building.
A dog walks alone in a field.
A young man on a sail ski wearing a dry suit in the middle of a body of water
Group of dogs walking and sniffing on gravel.
A younger woman sitting near a body of water with a dog.
A young man in sunglasses taking a break from his job.
A woman in a blue top and pencil skirt walks by a balding man in a pinstriped suit.
A man in a blue suit is walking down the street.
A man in a diamond print sweater and jeans stands in the middle of a sidewalk listening to earbuds.
A woman with a yellow purse runs across a busy street.
A man dressed in black stands at a street corner near a crossing light.
A young woman in a blue Hollister shirt and blue jeans.
Three men wearing hats are sitting and drinking at a table.
A woman busily multitasking on the phone and computer.
A white bike is tied to a street sign.
A girl is concentrated reading on her eReader.
A man is sitting on a bench with his bike outside of the city.
A woman talking on a cellphone and holding an umbrella.
A boy in a blue shirt picks something up off of the ground while a crowd gathers.
A man sits and holds out a cup.
A woman is sitting on the road next to her bicycle.
A woman in black and a jeep in blue.
Five children play in a flooded (or intentionally watered) playground.
A blond-haired woman is playing darts in a bar.
An older woman wearing sunglasses is looking through her purse in a crowded marketplace.
A woman walks across a porch with an axe.
A group of men wearing white, blue, and black are marching outside with a giant cross.
A hispanic man wearing a rosary is waiting for a cab.
A female barista wearing black is making coffee in a coffee shop.
A young boy and dark-haired man are taking pictures in opposite directions.
A dog is running through a field with its tongue hanging out.
A long-haired woman leans on a stone railing, looking out at the sea.
A small boy in a blue helmet playing with a yellow toy truck.
Group of many people walking through a tunnel.
Four people are at a pavilion getting drinks from two men.
Two people are walking on a striped path.
A person is riding a quad through a field of mud that has several buildings behind it.
One girl tosses a softball to her team member on base.
A young man with a purple hat is laughing with gum in his mouth.
A man and a woman is by the signpost.
A middle-aged man is getting his head completely shaved by another middle-aged man with hair.
They are here to ensure no one crosses the barriers.
A man dressed all in black talks with a lady wearing a light blue dress and a white headscarf.
A man riding a cart being pulled by a donkey.
Boy, of age approximately 10 years old, lunging into pristine pool on hot summer day.
Two men stand and row a thin boat in the ocean.
Two people are walking around in a busy street.
A man playing an accordion rides the New York City subway.
A man entering into a building as another man sits on a street on a cold day.
People preparing for a model airplane meet.
A dutch family gathers around an Easter egg made up of flowers.
A man serves food at a food stand.
A female toddler wearing a pink shirt is playing on a playground.
In a forest a man and a woman discuss something.
Men in soldier uniforms shoot guns into the air.
A small dog chewing on a black strap.
A woman in blue clothing smiling as people in the background walk by.
A woman dressed as the mermaid Ariel next to a phone booth.
Two women in costume, one dressed as a mermaid, the other as a fairy, are handing out brochures.
A little girl sitting on a bench with a ball under it.
A man in a white shirt is walking hand in hand with a woman also wearing white.
A clown in a red pointed hat creating balloon art.
A woman in a pink sweater sitting next to a man in a white windbreaker in front of a mobile food van.
Man with shawl praying by a large lake and small boat.
A woman dressed as a mermaid in a purple seashell bra looks to her left.
A woman sleeps behind the counter of a shop.
Three men are sitting next to each other and the man in the middle is reading a book.
Six people on a cliff taking a picture of their of the water.
A man in a pink and white striped shirt holding the reins of a horse.
A woman walking, carrying a ShoeGasm bag.
A man is working with fire and tar to repair a roof.
Two people with baseball jerseys who are jumping in the air.
A young man rides his bike on a surface covered in graffiti.
A juggler sitting by himself juggling bowling pins.
A boy sitting in a stroller with a blue hat and red mittens on.
People leaning against railing watching city.
A man in a plaid shirt is singing and playing the guitar.
A woman is playing a guitar.
A young boy in black pants and a blue shirt has just kicked a soccer ball.
A woman looking into the window of a French bakery.
An older woman with brown hair is walking her bike through a gate of a garden.
The ban in the black hat is playing charades with his friend.
A man wearing all black and a black hat is pouring a beverage into a cup.
A couple that looks like they are in love.
There are 5 men in a small motor boat, behind them is a tropical jungle.
A man and woman ride in a mule drawn carriage as the driver points out landmarks.
The man in the middle raises his arms as he and the two women face the platform.
A man and two women sitting on a bench.
A child stand with an elderly women at the 96th Street subway station.
People are sliding down a giant yellow and red slide.
A woman with earphones in her ears is walking down the street while a man talking on his cellphone is walking behind her.
The three girls are performing some kind of dance.
A girl in a red plaid shirt with blue jeans making a fist.
A girl leaps in the street at night while another girl watches.
A person wearing a blue and yellow snowsuit, a blue helmet and snow goggles is moving down a snow covered incline.
Two boys stand in front of vending machines.
A frowning elderly person is walking and carrying a plastic bag
A woman and a man sitting on a couch inside a store.
A red-haired woman sits on a couch with her legs crossed.
A group of African men unloading a truck full of fresh fish.
A man in a white hat stand on the street holding colorful paper.
Two men are playing instruments on a sidewalk.
A long-haired woman dressed in a cap, jeans, and yellow shirt appears to be leading an unseen dog with a extendable leash.
A couple of Asian people eating ice cream cones.
A man wearing a gray jacket is playing the piano on the sidewalk.
Two teenagers are staring across a table.
A young couple walk along a stream on a hot day.
A man wearing a gray t-shirt and jeans jumps in a living room.
A man with a mow-hawk holds several pieces of wooden furniture in a plastic tub at the street corner.
A girl in a bikini is taking a picture of a few people.
The several people standing on the Washington Wells platform, waiting for a train.
An athlete wearing neon green and orange snowboards over a tiny blue car.
Two males are walking while a female is holding an umbrella with white polka dots.
Several construction workers standing on a scaffold
A newborn boy is lying in an incubator with many tubes attached.
A young person is doing a trick on a bike.
A couple poses with their snowboards in the middle of a snowy timber.
Blue semi truck and two gentleman standing in front of it.
A woman with a pierced nose is underneath a blue umbrella.
A man wearing a black coat is walking.
A yellow car is driving through the street with three pedestrians on a sidewalk.
A man carrying many bags of cans probably going to sell the for scraps.
A women` s hand and arm with blue fingernail polish and a tattoo that reads no regrets.
Young girl with painted face and pigtails is sitting on a bench at water's edge.
A gentleman in a baseball cap is signing books for a couple of women.
This girl is clad in a red snowsuit, climbing a tree.
After falling down into the snow, a young woman takes a photo of her friends in the distance.
Man standing besides street with guitar on his back.
A very tall woman in a very short orange dress strolls down an empty sidewalk.
A boy wearing very bright green fuzzy pants.
A blond woman laughs at the women next to her wearing a white fringe jacket.
Two females running around a track, in athletic clothes.
A tattooed man cleaning the street gutter with a shovel.
A person walks in front of the Heal's store.
A woman dressed in a black top and green skirt dancing, as a man in the background looks on.
A little girl is squatting next to a body of water while poking a stick into it.
Two people in coats walking next to a fence.
A man waiting for the bus in a war torn country.
A person wearing a brown hooded sweatshirt and jeans with a backpack walks down the street.
A woman on the subway looking out the window.
A man and a woman laying on red metal benches in front of a city skyline on a sunny day.
A young woman wearing a headscarf is walking down the street carrying her purse.
A customer in a black jacket is looking at fine cheeses.
A soccer player is kicking the ball.
People are sitting in the stands at a sporting event while other people are standing out on the playing field.
Guy getting ready to kick the ball.
A man in a hat and coat is talking on the phone next to a building with a sign that is in a foreign language.
A man pushes a dolly with some boxes down a city street.
A man is walking across a city street with his son.
A man and a woman embracing on the sidewalk.
A woman in a leather jacket yawns as she walks beside a young boy down the sidewalk.
A biker, dressed in black, is walking down a pathway to his bike.
Athlete in black shorts running down a tree-lined street.
A man on a bicycle rides past a man and his son.
An old man reaches for his wife's hand as they finish crossing the street.
A woman and a child crossing the street.
A man in black cap and jacket sitting on blue duffel bag in front of a building.
An elderly woman clutching her purse while admiring many candles.
A woman in a red sweater is standing next to crates of pineapple.
An elderly man in a suit pulling his luggage behind him.
A girl in a blue scarf and green shirt is standing next to a red bicycle.
Two guys playing in a band, one playing a guitar, and one playing the keyboard.
A skinny skateboarder is jumping over a fire hydrant on his skateboard.
People collectively gathered to honor a moment in time.
A large group of people is gathered in front of a tall building.
A child in a hat and jacket is looking at flowers.
Man with short hair in a blue jacket taking a photo of a large group of people standing in front of a large illuminated building.
A newly married couple is standing near a car.
Watch closely as I demonstrate the art of gliding a frisbee.
Three guys perform in a band on stage.
A man performs stunts in front of a crowd on the sidewalk.
An acrobatic entertainer group puts on a demonstration for interested onlookers.
Several men and women are sitting around in a hut waiting for their turn to be next.
A guy showing his bike to a kid.
A man in a white shirt is sitting in front of a microphone, playing a guitar.
A man in a black shirt plays guitar.
Several people wearing colorful clothing and hats perform in an open area.
A man in blue overalls hanging onto a pole above a crowd of people.
Person in a red beanie looks over the water while sitting on a wooden bench.
A couple taking there dogs on a walk through the park.
A man in urban street gear including a striped hoodie looks down at something in his hand, in front of a brick-and-glass storefront.
There is a bridge over a beautiful scene of buildings and water.
A man walks an orange dog in front of a building with a rusted chain fence.
A father with his son on his shoulders walking through a park.
An older man sells magazines at a magazine stand in Asia.
A man is singing in church.
A man walks across a city street on a sunny day.
A shirtless guy turned around videotaping something at the beach.
A woman in a purple top is standing in a room with a red wall.
A woman is drawing a caricature of a young boy.
A man is sitting on a park bench looking at the water.
Man in gray and blue coat blows bubbles.
The woman with the brown hair and white coat is standing by the "Shine Deli" sign.
A snowboarder on a mountaintop in a bright green jacket.
A man and woman are looking at a map in Central Park.
A lady is carrying a crying boy on the busy sidewalk.
Three children lined up to get food at a table.
A woman in a brown sweater adjusts her glasses.
A puppy with no tail is held by its collar by its owner.
A painter puts finishing touches on an image.
Two young boys playing lacrosse run for the lacrosse ball.
A woman is about to descend on the escalator.
A woman is pointing down the street to her friend in front of an entrance to a subway station.
A Father and son playing with a wooden train set on a city carpet.
A man in a red uniform standing outside of Broad St Station talking on a cellphone.
Bearded man wearing socks with sandals sitting on a bench.
One woman pushes a wheelbarrow while two others look on in a park
A boy is hugging a smaller boy from behind.
An Elderly person against a wall on the streets looking down with a cup and photograph in hand.
Two small lacrosse players listen as they are instructed.
A man with a guitar playing in front of a group of girls wearing hats.
Girls in costumes talking to security guards.
Four girls in red uniforms consisting of red sweaters and red skirts are walking down the street.
Men and women in colorful costumes dancing.
Two women wearing scarfs on their heads are jogging on a beach bath.
A woman is selling handmade hats.
A man in a gray shirt playing a red guitar.
A man plays guitar while another man takes photographs.
A large dog jumping over a fallen tree in the forest.
A group of men playing and singing music while a crowd watches.
Two men on bikes are passing a series of buildings that specialize in medical services.
A yellow train is on the tracks.
Two women are standing outside looking at something with funny expressions on their faces while the other people around them don't seem to notice.
Someone with an orange jacket walking with a bike points to a building.
Three kids smiling in front of an ad for a camera.
A man gives a little girls a kiss.
This image is taken outside and has a young girl watching with sheer joy as her daddy is whistling to her.
A student is getting some help on her homework.
A group of kids playing in a water fountain area in their swimwear.
Road worker watches for an incoming cement truck.
A surfer walks along the beach as he looks out onto the water.
A man in all blue clothing canoeing alone.
Fishermen cast nets from dugout canoes into the water.
Three boys hold inflated bicycle tire rings on a dusty trail.
A man in a hat is standing behind a street display of sunglasses.
Two people and a baby walking through a river.
Pitcher in a baseball game wearing a white 34 uniform getting ready to throw the ball.
Four females and a male play Chinese checkers in someone's home.
Only a few people are enjoying the day at the beach near the yellow bulldozer.
A little girl who is smiling is being lifted up by an adult.
A woman in a red jacket is having a drink on the hood of a car.
A man with a camera staring at a statue.
People swing on a swing set in a park outside several apartment buildings.
A young man skateboarding over a ramp behind a chain link fence with two friends.
Two women walk on the street hand in hand at night.
There's a man in glasses and a lab coat.
A man and a woman sit on a picnic blanket on a field a green grass.
A blond man in a brown leather jacket is listening to music.
A baseball player is running to a base, while his teammate is sliding to a base in the background.
A baseball catcher stands ready to catch a throw, while his team looks on.
A girl splashes water into a pickup truck driving past.
Three women standing outside a building talking to a man.
A woman is posing in front of a hilly landscape while holding a tree.
A man sits on a bench with a white dog nearby.
A line is beginning to form at The Cheap Tab Shop.
A couple of females are talking to each other while one is flicking her cigarette.
A man in a plaid red shirt casts his fishing line out into the water.
Kids building sand castles on the beach.
An African man peering out of a New York subway train at the Wall Street station.
A man and a woman are standing by a parking lot talking on cellphones.
A Chinese looking woman with holes in her jeans is talking on a cellphone.
A businessman walking down a city street.
A blond woman stands alone in a city alleyway.
A young woman in jeans walks down a city street.
A man in white on the phone and a man in black sitting back to back in white chairs.
A man in an orange shirt looking at his cellphone.
A woman exits a metro station while listening to music.
Two men climb a set of stairs.
Two men with hard hats are at a work site.
A lost dog trying to find some food in a pizza restaurant.
A city street with a pothole in the middle of it.
A man in a red sweater waits at a street food stand.
An electrician is observed from a birds eye view working on a transformer box.
All of these people are waiting to cross the street.
A girl dancing in the middle of a group of people in the park.
Three women are walking down a street.
A little girl wearing a white jacket sits down on the sidewalk.
A bull terrier terrorizes an old tire in the sand.
Approximate 5 year old boy, all in black, walking on rippled beach.
A young boy leans against a post with a striped flag.
A girl rides her bike in a crosswalk at an intersection.
A black dog chases a ball in the grass.
People in room appear to be working on a project but at the moment eat and drink.
Two young males working in a garden.
A man in a white shirt is reading the newspaper next to a man wearing dark sunglasses.
Several people stand around in groups behind a table with bananas.
A young boy jumping on a trampoline outside of a house.
A man standing on a bridge under a crane.
A man in raincoat stands in a dry dock next to a ship.
A man with a red beard pushes a cart along a sidewalk.
On a street corner, a man stands near a pile of trash sorted for recycling.
A woman looking at a cellphone while standing on a sidewalk.
A young woman engages in conversation on her cellphone while seated on cement steps.
Two kids with bear customs are seating on the sidewalk.
A woman wearing a long black leather coat and knee high black boots, with a big floral print diaper bag, buying a newspaper.
A blond woman is carrying a tray with four small white cups.
Two ladies with blond-hair in jackets walking in front of a large building.
Group of people around a round table stacking playing cards.
A person in a large black hat is eating a bowl of noodles with chopsticks.
Three people stand outside a vending stand.
A man sitting on the floor next to a broom an bucket.
A black man wearing a down jacket with his arms spread and holding a pink comb.
An elderly couple is walking down the block during the evening hour.
Woman in tan jacket standing outside and looking up.
A woman in a turquoise and brown plaid jacket standing on a street.
A boy in a blue shirt is blindfolded and holding a stick.
An older bold man with a beard in the bright shirt is sitting and smoking on the street.
A man walking through a crowd on a city street.
A man wearing a tan jacket walks into Le Mignon in the afternoon.
A woman in all black going into a subway during nighttime.
A man points to a projected image of a Firefox page at a conference.
Three men are painting a metal wall white.
Several men sit at a wooden table on the right side of the street.
A girl fixes her earring on the side of a busy, wide sidewalk.
A black man is sitting in his chair staring off into the distance.
Man in white shirt sitting down practicing a musical instrument.
A blond girl walking and talking on a cellphone while clutching a pink wallet.
A group of people are gathered in the street.
An artist in an gray t-shirt is carving on his white serpentine shaped sculpture.
A woman wearing jeans is walking down the street.
Four musicians playing music in a group on the sidewalk.
A man in an orange shirt walking on a path.
People sitting at tables with turquoise and white umbrellas overlooking the ocean and beach.
Man on a dusty boat holding a fishing rod.
Outdoors, three women walk towards the camera as one of them pushes a baby carriage.
Tourist wife upset with husband who can't makeup his mind.
A woman, wearing a gray coat, places clothing into a washing machine at a laundromat.
Man just fell off of his bicycle
An Asian man wearing jeans and a blue button up shirt with a white collar lays on a park bench holding a light colored jacket.
An early morning rush hour in the middle of the city.
A gymnast is seen defying gravity as she performs an impressive move several feet above the parallel bars.
A young child is wearing a blue striped shirt.
A male soccer player attempting to head the ball past the goalkeeper to score a goal.
A large modern theater is illuminated at night.
A young lady posing in full pride for a spot that she is proud of.
A young toddler smiling at the camera while standing in the garden.
A view of buildings and people walking across the streets in Times Square, New York City.
Old man crafting something in his workshop.
Two older people in brown coats are standing outside talking to one another.
The crew cleaned the ice and snow off the steps.
Asian tourists stop in front of a large tree admiring it's roots.
Three older men are in a computer shop.
A male dressed in a blue and red outfit is jumping over a small wave.
Old man using an improvised broken wheel barrel to transport his tools for work.
A woman standing in front of a building as others go about their day.
A little girl is enjoying a diet Coca Cola in a garden.
Shier in the air after a small jump in his run on the slope.
A man is sitting next to a woman who is standing.
A male wearing yellow pants catches air as he snowboards down an empty mountain.
A group of people walking on the sidewalk, while one man is looking for something.
A cake with five regular candles and one tall, spark shooting candle is on a table in front of two men.
A damaged car is parked across from people in a gray car.
One woman sits on a outcropping of rock while one takes a picture and the third looks down.
A middle-age man posing with a crab
A boy uses a plastic baseball bat to practice hitting a ball from a batting tee.
A man with a bunch of metal objects stuck to him.
A crew is filming a scene for a movie or TV show on a street.
A protester wearing a USA shirt holds a sign during a protest.
Two men are crouched to the floor and look at 4 dogs play inside a cage.
A woman sits reading at a laundromat.
A group of kids are coloring on coloring sheets with crayons while seated a table.
A band is in a recording studio waiting to start playing.
A man dressed as a fireman sitting down.
A woman wearing a black garment is holding a pen.
Protesters with political signs gather around a musical event.
A smiling man holds a sign depicting a rainbow-colored elephant.
A man posing with a "November can't come soon enough" poster.
A pet store employee shows a shirtless customer the different types of fish available.
A woman is walking down a sidewalk lined by cherry trees in bloom.
Two kids are swinging on a swing while standing.
A brown dog jumping in a stoney brook.
A man sits in front of a store in the shade.
Many shirtless men, wearing black hoods over their entire faces, walk barefooted in a long single file row.
Young barefoot woman laughs in hammock.
A man bows in prayer over a very ornate coffin in a cathedral.
People going about their day in big city.
A man in black pants and a green polo shirt is picking up trash around his man made lake.
A woman in a city is looking behind her.
A young woman wearing jeans and a gray sweater walks across an empty street.
Young girls performing some kind of dance.
A woman wearing an apron is standing outside of a store talking to a cyclist.
The children in blue are singing for a group of people.
A monk in his red robe holds an umbrella outside of a temple.
A man wearing a brown colored jacket is talking to a woman wearing a black skirt.
A young man white a white, button-up shirt, rides a blue bike.
Some professional baseball players are warming up.
A brown-haired woman sleeping on a couch with her head on a stack of pillows.
A woman walks down a city street at night.
A large dog is playing with a small dog in the dirt.
Two children holding up peace signs and smiling.
A man in neon green clothing pushes a green cart down the street.
A young woman is sitting on the sidewalk sketching a building
A New York Mets player is walking on a green field.
An Asian woman stands along a road where 2 buses have passed holding her bags.
An escape artist wearing Converse high tops struggles on one foot as a crowd looks on.
A woman carrying a large bag on her head while walking down the street.
A man jogging on a nice park jogging path, surrounded by spring foliage and trees.
Runner leaving the starting blocks of a race.
A man in brown is pushing a dumpster down a sidewalk.
A woman stops to look at some wedding gowns.
Four people are jumping on a sand dune on a sunny day.
A crowd walking by with several onlookers watching a street performer.
People walking through lobby with patches of daylight and shadow reflections.
Two women are walking down the street holding umbrellas.
A statue and trees in a plaza in front of a building with people walking past.
A man in a large crowd converses with his friends.
A man in black business attire is crossing the street.
A group of people are waiting in a subway.
Two women, one in red and the other in white, are out on a jog.
Women dressed in exotic clothes, standing on the street.
A woman holding red flowers stands at the entrance of a building.
Two pairs of ballet dancers perform outdoors.
A black man is talking on his cellphone and is holding a vintage camera.
The surfer is riding a wave back towards the beach.
A man carrying a sack along a body of water.
A young guy jumping into the water.
Two sunbathers in skimpy blue bathing suits lie on the graffiti covered pavement.
Here is a young man skateboarding up the side of a skate pit.
A man in a gold dashiki sits while another man inspects his shoe.
The sun sets as a man rides his bicycle.
A woman dressed in a white shirt, short shorts, and a fedora, walks away from the camera.
A man in a yellow shirt re-shingles a roof.
An Asian man in traditional clothing sounds a large horn in a pleasant mountain landscape.
A man in a backwards hat is standing in a Best Buy store.
A boy is enjoying eating pizza in a plate.
Man walking along side of a black iron fence.
A middle-age walking man wearing glasses and gray suit is covering his mouth with cars running in the background.
An older man, looking at a newspaper while crossing a street.
Two men are letting their dogs play together in the street.
Man in red shirt and black pants on beach.
Two men holding shovels are standing around dirt and trees.
A man is playing a xylophone.
This is a street scene with a lot of cars and people walking around in different directions.
Gymnast dressed in red and black posing with onlookers in the background.
A woman wearing purple and carrying a bag is walking out of a door.
Two women talking in front of an old structure.
A circle of men in black are holding feathered hats and standing behind a red sign.
Waiting for the subway after a long day of work.
A person sits on a hill with trees in the foreground and paints a serene image of a lake.
2 men holding a sign in front of a metal fence.
A cyclist appears to be doing repairs to a bicycle that is turned upside down on the sidewalk.
A film set with two people sitting at a table.
White man in a black suit is crossing a busy street.
A lady is playing the guitar and singing into a microphone.
Two women in tight jeans walk down a city street, one carrying a shopping bag.
The lady is wearing some kind of shoe is walking.
Two Japanese women in traditional garb walk through a crowded square, one with bags and one with a cane.
A motorist passing by and a group of people sitting on a bench.
The lady in the yellow jacket and wearing a blue hat seems to be looking at something.
Three adults and three children are standing or crouching around a child's purple bike.
A boy in a yellow soccer uniform is standing on the soccer field.
A boy is sitting by the water trying to feed a swan.
People dressed in traditional Japanese garb walk in a procession through a courtyard paved with paving stones.
Two women in kimonos standing together smile.
A woman with a black jacket and black purse walking downing the sidewalk while looking at her cellphone.
Orange and white hazard cones are resting on street tiles.
A man in a costume gazes up into the sky while he is around horses.
A woman washing her minivan at a self-service car wash
A man wearing sunglasses, jeans, and a black leather jacket is jumping in the air with his arms and legs spread apart.
People walking up and down busy city street.
A woman and her saint bernard dog sitting on a bench in the park on a sunny day
A man in renaissance clothing is sitting on a brick wall.
A man in an orange shirt is selling bratwurst for one euro to an old man in a blue shirt.
Girl in a bright red shirt listens to earbuds.
A man wearing a ball cap talks to a lady with her hands folded across her chest.
A man in a polar bear suit is standing with a sign in protest.
Male and female are jumping and grabbing at each other in public place.
Woman in dark shirt standing alone in front of a yellow car.
The woman and little girl are sitting in the brown leather chair.
Group of young people playing the drums while a crowd watches.
A fluffy dog carries a black leash in its mouth.
A man wearing white shorts is riding a watercraft vehicle.
A man in a black jacket is standing between two trees holding up a sign.
A young man is at a store selling sausages and wine.
Four women with their bags slung over their shoulders, walking down the street.
Man sitting on ledge reading the paper.
A blond woman with short hair giving a haircut on a Thursday night.
A gray-haired woman sitting on a red bench holding a cane.
A large group of elderly people are sitting around various outdoor tables.
Two older gentlemen wearing black shorts, walking on the beach.
Two Asian females are posing for a picture while a man appears to be carrying their bags.
Cheerleaders and athletes pose with mascot for a photo.
Three children wearing white and black ballerina dancing in a gym.
A brunette woman wearing a tan jacket reaching into her purse.
A young lady wearing a white dress with a flower in her hair smiling at the camera.
A woman and a man sitting outside.
A group of people listening to a man speak from a booth labeled "Teva Neuroscience".
A lot of people gather together to get some free advice, and information.
A girl in a red shirt and torn jeans runs her fingers through her blond-hair as she looks ahead of her.
A woman dressed in dark colors pushing someone in a wheelchair.
A crowd of people, a few with signs, walk down a broad path in a city park.
An old man wearing a blue shirt sitting in a wheelchair by his oxygen tank.
A group of people in folding chairs and wheelchairs sit outside in the sun.
Two women in saris work together in a village.
Selena Gomez is wearing a cream tank top looking at the town after she got off the plane.
A woman is standing in front of an amusement park ride.
A man in a collared shirt talking to another man in sunglasses.
A man in a white shirt Is sitting and listening to music.
A woman in a red shirt and some jeans looks like she is arguing with a man in red and a great satchel.
Two young Asian women buy food from a Japanese food establishment.
A woman in a pink shirt is taking a photo of a fish in a large aquarium.
A man with his shirt pulled over his head is standing on a pole.
The customer held the bag while examining oranges while other market goers examined produce at other tables.
A child opening a birthday card at a party.
Three young women are leaning on a railing over a walkway.
A man at a vegetable market pointing at something.
A man with long red-hair, a brown shirt and plaid pants sells fruit in a market.
A man and a woman with bikes at a park.
A man wearing striped black and white shirt is walking across the road, along others.
A man is standing with a group of donkeys on a farm.
A black-haired woman behind a podium is giving a speech to a large crowd.
A man reading a menu at a restaurant.
There are people standing on various apartment balconies interacting with each other and people on the street.
Two women eat out at a restaurant
A group of musicians performs in front of a small audience in an odd building.
A paramedic looks on at a firetruck.
Two men and a woman are standing in front of a theater.
A woman making a sandwich in a shop.
A crowd looks up at two people standing on two balconies of a building.
A gathering of people on the street at night.
A group of people gathered together at night outside a brick building.
Riot police stand in front of a mob including a man in a batman costume.
There is a man standing in the doorway and in front of a tree.
A man standing alone in a park.
A fire escape on the side of a building dominates an urban scene of an alley.
Two fireman having a laugh
Firefighters in full gear are walking up a ladder.
An elderly woman is speaking on a microphone.
A man wearing a hat with his face lit up stands in the middle of a circle of people.
Two men play their instruments while a third sings.
A bearded young man wearing a t-shirt and jeans is reading a book at an outdoor cafe
The man in white is talking to the women by the bench.
Four people's silhouette carrying an object up a hill.
A man in a leather jacket and hat looking off into the distance.
This is beautiful evening with the river and the setting sun.
A woman is standing on a street corner.
A woman works at a bar in front of a neon sign.
Three younger women sit outside and have a chat.
A man wearing a blue shirt operates a cash machine in a room with a picture of Fidel Castro hanging on the wall.
A young woman, wearing a Carnegie Mellon sweatshirt, listens to her headphones.
An overweight man in a blue and black hooded sweatshirt works on a laptop computer outdoors.
A man pulls a coach with two Geishas on board.
Two men, one young, and one middle-aged, work on a small computer with a screwdriver.
A police office is using a bicycle to complete her duties.
A child sleeping with a teddy bear and a blanket.
A girl laying down in a sauna with just a towel on looks relaxed.
Several women in white t-shirt wearing hot pink short wigs standing outside in a city.
A bride and man in a tuxedo on stairs.
Man in a long-sleeved black shirt, appears to be engaged in dance, in front of a blue sign that entails information about specific locations.
Tri-level building with people standing on each level's balcony as people look on from below.
A man in a jacket is raising his arm surrounded by people who are bent or squatting.
A woman in a long dress is hanging clothes on a clothesline.
A lot of furniture stacked on top of each other.
A lone hiker walking on dirt with a snowy mountain background.
A man with crazy eyes in a fedora has his guitar looked at.
A guy in a black leather jacket pointing a flashlight at himself.
A man interacting with his daughter at a shopping center.
A gentleman in jeans and a black sweatshirt is excitedly speaking on a cellphone.
A girl wearing a button down shirt with blond and pink hair is walking.
A group of people riding on a crowded bus.
A small group of people stand in front of store talking holding a "Prayer Booth" purple sign.
People in mainly business attire hurry along a city sidewalk.
Two men with painted faces looking like clowns one singing and the other play an tiny guitar.
A little girl with bright pink pants playfully sticks her face in a contraption on a playground.
A young girl in a pink shirt, blue jeans, and sneakers talking into an object at a park.
A family is dining and watching television.
Women dressed in a yellow coat with a male with backpack on his back huddling very closely.
Students in a class are taking an exam.
A woman in a pink and yellow dress walks past a stack of tires and a yellow nd gray striped building.
Woman and man with cane climb stairs from underground station.
A man leans against a pay phone while reading a paper.
A vendor is walking down the street selling cotton candy.
There are 3 guys walking down the sidewalk the one who is in front is juggling.
A man is selling decals on the street.
A man and a woman on stage with a mime.
A girl in a black jacket talking on a cellphone.
A little boy is taking a picture with a digital camera.
A line waiting to get into a movie
A man in black wearing shorts and sunglasses jumps from one rock to another.
Good looking blond girl making a very ugly face.
Two mannequins are in the window of a closed shop.
This woman and man are having a conversation.
A blond woman wearing a blue shirt is walking down the street while holding her cellphone.
A man and woman standing at a mountain overlook.
A man is standing by two vehicles with three inflatable american flag designed bats leaned against him in a triangle shape.
A man selling flowers, cigarettes, and candy walking down the street.
Two boots are on two skis moving very fast.
A man riding a horse and leading other horses through beautiful scenery.
A line of saddled horses walks down the street past a car that has its hood and trunk open.
A red streetcar is on the street.
Two people stroll in front of a Vietnamese restaurant that has graffiti painted on it.
A man and a woman walking hand in hand past a sports poster.
A young man in a blue t-shirt walks past an alley while talking on his cellphone.
A man reads a newspaper near a street busy with pedestrians.
A man carrying a shopping bag is holding his hand to his head and looking upward.
Six people stand at the railing at the El Tambor.
A little girl in a blue flower dress and black boots walking on the sidewalk.
Student spend their breaks outside enjoying each others company.
A woman and a girl are sitting under a tree.
Two women in hats walk down the street.
A man stretching his torso in an outdoor exercise facility.
Man riding on a surfboard riding on a wave.
Two skiers stand on the side of a snowy hillside.
A gentleman wearing a green jacket looking at a tagged wall.
A young man is holding a microphone with colorful light around him.
A man photographing a large concrete wall.
A group of people are at an amusement park.
A man is launching a spear with an atyl-atyl.
A man in a brown collared shirt stares off into the distance at a park.
A black woman is walking to work.
A young boy is standing on a street with a pouch around his neck.
Men holding a conversation near a beach.
A man wearing blue jeans and a white t-shirt playing a saxophone
Workmen under a freeway manipulating a metal cover on roadwork.
A woman wearing yellow is outside under a hut that has not yet been completely built.
A boy looking into the camera and a house being built in the background.
A woman smiles, holding a book in front of a crowd looking at her, in a library
At least twelve guys building a building, some are helping each other out.
A woman in a jacket and pearls at a book signing.
A line of motorbikes in front of a store.
A man sitting next to a motorcycle on the side of a street.
A woman is leaning against a wall with her shoe off.
A woman and two others are sitting nearby a decorative water fountain.
A woman named Victoria Leak sits behind her desk in her office.
A woman dressed in white walking past a building that has a poster on display.
Two guards are sitting near an entrance.
Three little blond boys huddle together at the base of a tree near some old machinery.
People hanging out on the railings bordering a street.
The asian man is getting his picture taken with a motorcycle by another man.
An Asian man is performing with face paint on.
Two men are about to get off a train.
A male with a hat is out advertising a tattoo shop.
A bearded man wearing a painter's cap is playing the xylophone on the side of a busy walkway.
A high school band all decked out for spirit week.
A young lady wearing a winter jacket and getting ready to snap a photo.
A lively city street at night.
Several people are sitting on a wall covered in graffiti.
A barefoot man sitting on a ledge by a sidewalk.
A person in a red hat, tie-dye purple shirt and black pants stands on a walkway.
A man in a green sweatshirt running.
Two slender black men sit at the side of the walkway, with wares to sell.
An old lady and her granddaughter working in a convenience store.
An Asian man in an orange jacket carries a high stack of boxes.
A man is pushing a shopping cart full of groceries.
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans is riding a bicycle.
A set of actors and actresses perform a show.
A female in a blue jacket eating while sitting on grass.
Two woman with umbrellas standing on a train platform.
A man and woman are having lunch while a woman in red is using her cellphone.
A couple who both wear glasses are walking and holding hands.
A woman with a white head cover rides a bike on the sidewalk in a city.
Girl on a bicycle going down a street.
A woman with brown bag attaches a pink and yellow bouquet to her bike.
A couple is carrying shopping bags outside.
A man is holding up a sign that reads "Jobs with Justice".
An elderly woman looks at a bag of fruit while others look on.
A man and a woman standing against a white wall taking a picture with shadows against the wall.
A young girl is reading a book amidst a large mess of clothes.
A white man and woman are talking, while a black man watches them.
A little girl is sweeping outdoors.
The lady holding a white hat is walking on brick sidewalk with her two friends.
Two children, one of them is playing a trumpet for tips
An older woman in a blue coat is about to try a sample of a red liquid.
A clown is making the crowd enjoy.
A couple of homeless people rummage through a bag containing items that make them laugh.
A punk band is playing on stage.
People in a tent serving and selecting food and drinks.
People running in a race, two of them are wearing brightly colored Indian headdresses.
A woman standing on grass, is holding jackets and a dress.
A man plays a trumpet in front of a crowd of people
A group of children gather together on the beach and talk about what they see.
A student observes cells under a microscope.
A man in a yellow coat, red tie, and clown nose is talking with another man on the street.
The young girl came prepared for rain.
A woman with a purple umbrella is staring in the distance.
Passersby holding umbrellas shop for vegetables at a street market.
A man with dreadlocks and a beard is talking on his cellphone.
A woman and a man getting closer.
Several people are standing on a street corner.
A foreign market with a woman in front.
There is chinese young man and young lady standing in front of a white table with plants on them.
People walking the streets with umbrellas.
A man and his dog walking through a crowded street on a rainy day.
A man in a plaid suit coat gestures with his hand.
Woman in nice clothes does not have an umbrella.
A mattress leaning on a telephone pole.
A man and a woman stand facing each other outside in front of an urn taller than them.
Two women looking off a bridge at something.
Men work on the paint of a side of an old building.
A young girl in red is on a bungie jump ride.
Two women are kissing on a bike.
A little curly hair girl drinking from a big cup.
A red tent in front of a brick building is serving passersby on the brick road.
A large crowd of hundreds of people gather in the streets.
A man is kicked off a bull as a rodeo clown runs up.
Father and son wear matching cowboy outfits are watching a rodeo.
A large group of people are assembled in a large city.
There are people gathered outside holding flags.
Two people in sunglasses talk while sitting in front of a large expanse of grass.
A man and woman sitting near the street.
Three men having a good time while using the famous water bike.
Two people dressed in gorilla suits walking down a sidewalk.
A large group of people, some holding red signs, near a bunch of buildings.
People standing at the starting line of a race.
A man in a black shirt is walking down the street offering a glass of wine to a woman.
A woman with long blond-hair in a white tank top holds her arm up.
A crowd of people fill the street in front of a McDonald's.
Teenage girl volunteering to help with some dirty work.
Crowds of people are walking in the street and with confetti falling on them.
A group of young girls walking down a street.
A young woman wearing jeans and a red tank top is sitting on a porch with a young man wearing a necklace and shorts.
A woman in a red top dropping Mardi Gras beads from her bedroom window.
Two women wearing jackets and jeans are walking through a park, apparently talking.
Protesting youth relax in metro park, observed by armed police.
Two females, one in a pink top the other in white, walking down a street
Brunette girl gives puzzled look while carrying a purse.
A group of trendy young people are standing outside.
A woman with orange hair sitting behind a table with Tye-dyed t-shirts on them.
A group of women in big hats stand at a table.
A bicyclist in blue parked inside of an all wood building.
A person in a crowd taking a picture of people on a stage.
A man holding a baby with a child on his back.
A man and a woman stand together hold and young boy and a baby.
Two men sitting next to each other are looking in different directions.
Three men are sitting and one is standing and talking with each other.
Man in a bench watching another man sleeping.
A woman wearing glasses holds a camera to her face.
A girl in white boots holding an umbrella.
A middle-aged man in a white robe is speaking into a microphone.
A woman in a white dress is walking through the beach on a beautiful day.
A male youth in black clothing carries a backpack with a protest sign in it.
Man in jeans, button up shirt, and wearing glasses reading a book.
A child with a orange backpack is carrying a green bird house.
The man in the yellow shirt is playing music on the sidewalk.
Three women wearing black skirts face a grove of trees with purple flowers.
A couple is walking past cherry blossom trees.
A group of people are standing on the beach while other group of people are in the water.
A man and woman boxing in a park.
A male and female are standing together as the female has a piece of media equipment in her hand.
Four young girls posing for a picture.
A large group of people gather outside a very busy street.
Two women sharing cotton candy on a busy stone street corner.
A man in a blue shirt follows another man carrying a blue and black bag.
A tattooed man lands a body punch in a boxing match.
A man is overlooking a interior decorator work on his home.
A blond woman wearing a dark blue tank top is holding a camera.
A woman in a tan outfit is preparing food.
A dark-haired man smoking a cigarette outside.
A man wearing a blue shirt is talking to two men wearing orange and yellow work vest.
A woman pouring a cup of tea.
A family is enjoying drinks on the deck with their little boy.
Two women shop at an Asian convenience store.
A man extends his arms in front of a large rock formation.
A little girl is riding on a brown pony at the farm.
Two little boys walk towards a bike in front of a yellow wall.
A photo shoot with a woman on the street wearing a red and white dress and black boots.
Asian male on a bike carrying roles of carpet and another guy.
A boy looking through some boards at somebody outside.
A young man and young lady embracing under a covered walkway.
Two small dogs run through the grass.
People shopping at an outside food and clothing market.
A person holding a cane sleeps on a bench outside.
A smiling older man with a white beard and an older woman look out a laundry laden window.
Six women all wearing red, standing on stage.
A ballerina in a black leotard leaps through the air.
A street fruit vendor waiting for customers.
A young man is sweeping the sidewalk with a red handled broom.
A girl in striped swimsuit is jumping into the ocean.
Man in red ball cap grills fish on barbecue.
A woman in yellow is walking outside of a building.
Top-down view of a man sitting on a bench inside with a standing man facing him.
Four girls are in a ballet.
A man with sunglasses and a large hat with feathers is posing for a picture.
Two females are eating ice cream cones.
A man with black clothing is sweeping steps with a broom.
A man stands in a stream surrounded by rocks.
A boy and a girl are petting a cow through a fence.
A man in a white jacket takes a picture.
Two men in blue shirts stand in a tent area.
A man stands at the counter of a street vendor in a city.
A couple is eating outside at a table and he is pointing at something.
Large dog rolling on its back in green grass.
A man in pink button shirt raises his arms in front of the crowd.
A black and white dog is jumping over a hurdle.
A counter in a restaurant featuring Maruga's tomato pies and the back of a Coca-Cola soda fountain.
Two guys in street cloths doing some marshal arts.
Two friends hold onto each other smiling while enjoying a musical festival.
A woman is holding her child during a party.
A little boy sits on his father's shoulders with balloons wearing a red sweatsuit.
Two black men watch a basketball game on TV.
A woman in fuchsia shorts and a bra top is leaping in the air.
A balding man walks on a path shaded by trees.
Two older men using tongs to grab food from a breakfast buffet.
A group of people are performing a photo shoot.
Two Asian women wear sandals, long silk robes and hold umbrellas.
A Japanese man in a blue hat sits with his banjo.
An elderly woman wearing a flower shirt patiently waits for the train to stop.
A man pulls two women down a city street in a rickshaw.
A Old man washing the windows of city lights books.
A man wearing sunglasses has green writing on his arm.
Two woman are sitting at a table in a cafeteria with blue, green and yellow chairs.
At a supermarket, people are buying their groceries.
An older man in a plaid shirt sews on a Singer sewing machine.
A female in a nice sweater hand making something creative.
A couple of Asian people standing outside near a "smoking area" sign.
Some Japanese people enjoy a fireworks shows from a local street.
Two children asleep in the back of a car
A guy is running down the field holding a football while his teammate, an opponent, and referee run behind him.
A man in white pants and white, pin striped shirt, and a woman with a short black and white dress are dancing on a tile dance floor.
A woman in a field of flowers is blowing on them.
A woman sitting outside weaving a long piece of red, white, and blue cloth.
A young girl in all pink clothing walking.
A lady walking along a concrete pathway above the ocean.
An old man holds up a sign.
A man wearing a red jacket walks on stilts in front of a group of people.
A group of blond young women sit outside a Star Bucks.
A girl in a green shirt taking a careful look at an item.
A woman stands in the doorway of an old building.
The dog is carrying a pink ball in its mouth.
A large Amish family looking beyond on a pleasant, spring day
A little girl in a light pink hat and pink outfit is holding a ice cream cone after making a mess of ice cream on her face.
Three street performers, showing off their extraordinary instruments.
Police officers watch as bystanders enjoy a parade.
A man is walking past a large brick building that is painted with graffiti.
Three people, all with gloves, are using a wheelbarrow to do yard work on a sunny day.
Cooks are working in a kitchen.
An adult couple of an African country pose in a bare dirt field with a toy push car that holds a plastic water bottle.
A man in a colorful costume with a trumpet.
Two men are walking by a colorful shop as one admires something under the umbrella.
A woman is rubbing paper onto a cookie sheet in a kitchen.
A photo of a couple walking down the street with Chinese characters written on the signage.
A young blond-haired child tries to put a cellphone in his mouth.
A man and woman are standing in front of an advertisement on a wall while she looks at it, he looks away.
Five people are painting outside on the sidewalk using spray cans.
A man wearing a blue hat and a blue jacket standing on the sidewalk.
A man in a suit coat walks next to a wall.
Lady with gray hair using cellphone and carrying a shopping bag in front of a boutique.
Pretty woman checking her cell messages while walking in a plaza.
A man with a brown coat and blue headscarf is kneeling and tuning a guitar.
A blond woman wearing a red shirt and soccer hat smiles.
A mother and father take their similarly dressed family for a stroll in public area.
The man in the denim jacket looks across the street.
A man in jeans with red shoes bicycles down a street past a brick building.
The lady is green is holding a binder.
A man in a plaid shirt is smoking a cigarette on a city street.
Two men and a woman outside an urban residential area.
A brunette woman with a lei on her head sticking her tongue out.
A woman lies down in the grass in a park.
A man in a pink shirt is spotted drinking a beer.
People are watching a race on city streets.
A man in a colorful outfit and hat is standing in a crowd.
A gymnast using a set of paralleled bars.
A man is attaching colored sponges to his shirt and jeans.
A man is bending over with a stuffed animal between his legs.
Two young ladies in a band group with drumsticks.
A woman with a drum smiling
The man with the shaved head is hanging up his laundry on the line.
An old man looking over a sculpture.
A woman in a purple shirt and pink had walking in a crowd of people.
A man is dressed in a purple and orange outfit for an event.
A female dressed in a golden costume looks off into the distance.
Man in puffy yellow jacket on skis on a mountain.
A group of people are running a race with a man dressed in a dragon costume.
A woman is taking her child for a ride on her bicycle.
A woman who is walking and wearing a bright pink coat and short, tight black dress.
A dog is being walked along a red brick street.
A man wearing black is sitting by a lamp post smoking a cigarette.
A woman waving the Mexican flag.
A woman is smiling at a baby in a stroller in a meadow.
A crowd of people waving their arms.
People lining up and getting ready for Flag day in France.
A man in a green hat dozes while riding the train.
Several people including a child and a clown are walking towards a snowy sidewalk
A group of older women sitting on a bench wearing the same hats.
A man in a black shirt is standing up making bubbles.
Three people sit at their laptops inside a coffee shop.
Two men climb a large rock.
A man walking on a dirt road.
A group of seven women are standing in a body of water.
A young Asian man sits behind a set chessboard waiting for the other player to arrive.
Children are competing in a potato sack race at an outdoor social gathering.
Three people doing push ups.
Men are playing different musical instruments in a park.
A man and woman is dancing.
Children gaze up at a bronze statue of a horse and soldier.
Group of people, mature and young sitting beside the dirt road looking across the road.
A man in his 30's is sitting on a curb of a busy sidewalk, dressed in a furry green costume.
A girl in pink plays the drums.
Two women are standing in the snow looking towards a tower with a orange cone shaped light.
Someone with a bike is buying produce.
An older man and women are using computers in a sort of storage room.
A gymnast is balancing on a balance beam.
A female gymnast in a red and blue leotard does a back flip on the balance beam.
A woman is holding her hand to the light as a man watches.
A man is setting up or turning on lights.
Photographers taking pictures at a wedding.
A man taking a picture of several people, including a man in a lime green suit.
One man plays an acoustic guitar, while another accompanies him on the accordion.
A group of tourists walking around the vatican courtyard.
An old man plays an accordion on the sidewalk.
A blond woman holds her drink up in a bar.
Man sitting along side the ocean holding a pipe.
An adult man is throwing a child into the air at a beach while another child watches.
Little blond-hair boy in orange shirt playing with toys.
Two moped enthusiasts, one of which is wearing a purse, have a conversation on the curb.
People walk down a sidewalk lined with pastel colored buildings.
A woman in a plaid shirt near a city street with her thumb upward.
Three children watching the men working outside from the window.
An athlete who's glasses are falling off his face is lying down in a sandpit.
Someone is kicking a ball that is multicolored.
An old man with a bag of chips sits with a younger man holding a drink.
A boy with a huge smile on hid face, in a flower field.
Two men walking down a road in a tropical area with a tamed elephant.
A hairdresser in a salon looking off through the salon.
An elderly man sitting at a table in an empty restaurant.
A man is throwing the arrow.
An adult male and two children of Asian descent jump in the road.
A man in a red shirt throwing a dart.
A black dog is in the grass with a woman in jeans.
Two young girls wearing sunglasses are sitting outside.
A young African woman is staring at a camera, in front of a bunch of clay pots.
A woman sits on a park bench eating ice cream.
A woman in yellow, and a woman in orange, both with handbags, look at the water in the background.
A blond-haired woman squinting and wearing a bright yellow shirt.
Two young women walking, one tall, blond, model-like is in a zebra stripe outfit, the other shorter Asian in a white chemise.
Two women in tank tops and sunglasses walk together.
A bald man standing to the side of a t-shirt display.
Little boy trying to chase a black crow.
A lone woman in red shirt staring upwards with a man wearing glasses looking towards her, in the distance.
A woman in sunglasses is holding an umbrella.
A woman plays tug-of-war with her black dog in a brown landscape surrounded by trees.
Two women walk down the street in the city linking arms.
A woman in a blue plaid shirt and sunglasses scratches her face as she walks down the street.
Woman in hat carousing on the street with shopping bag in tow.
Three people are playing soccer, one wearing orange, two wearing blue of which one is in the midst of jumping in the air.
Two women are walking together.
A man in a black graphic t-shirt wearing a white towel across the bottom portion of his face.
A woman with a camera walks along side a man.
A worker is on a cherry picker in a palm tree.
A shirtless man is doing a jump with a skateboard.
A girl in sunglasses walks by a red car.
He is eating roadside dish and enjoying it.
A girl is walking on a sidewalk with headphones in her ears.
A man in a yellow and blue track jacket asking a woman for help.
A very wrinkled woman holding her glasses and walking down a city street.
A mounted policeman passes a biker.
Young in blue jeans waiting for her blind date in the park.
A woman on her cellphone is walking in a park.
A group of people are sleeping on a bus while a boy sends a text message.
A news anchor is being filmed in a store.
A woman standing in front of a large tank at an aquarium turns around to look at the photographer.
A woman standing outside a store is trying to close her umbrella.
A woman and two men walking on a set of outdoor stairs next to an advertisement.
A woman in a costume wearing condoms in her hair.
Two people are wearing flower costumes and walking down a street.
A boy is looking at a boat filled with sand.
Two teenagers, one male and one female, wearing sport uniforms running after a ball.
Man in gray jacket sitting on bench reading a book
Several men are wearing red caps, one stands apart from the others and looks towards the camera.
Many people are walking along a sidewalk.
A woman in a red coat is crossing the street the street with a girl in red pants and a stroller.
An Asian man prepares food on a counter next to a cat.
A group of older ladies standing on a street corner in an urban setting.
People carrying bags walking on a street with a parked motorcycle.
Two shirtless men on a building balcony point towards the sky and observe something interesting.
A woman dances next to a stage during a music festival.
A young Asian girl petting an animal of some sort and the animal is laying down enjoying it.
A dog jumps in the air, catching a Frisbee in its mouth.
A man is sitting next to a statue of another man sitting, looking very similar to each other
A woman in a tan coat pushing a baby stroller.
A street musician is sitting on a street next to a didgeridoo and holding a blue egg-shaped object.
Friends and family gathered outside Papa Johns.
A woman is stopped at a crosswalk waiting on the clear signal to start walking.
A group of middle-aged people ride a horse drawn carriage while dressed in historical costumes.
A group of coeds play football while drinking.
Two men with backpacks wait.
A woman jumping as a man idly watches her in midair.
Two young women are sitting in a tree.
A worker with a white hard-hat is at the bottom landing of an exterior fire escape and is struggling to work with the edge of a large yellow sign.
A man in a business suit has just crossed the street.
A woman standing in a dark doorway, waiting to be let into the building.
A dog follows another dog around the corner but looks back.
A young girl weairng navy blue tights is participating in a long jump, while people watch her.
Three people gather around a table for beverages.
An individual is launching his bicycle into the air.
A boy rides his bike in a skate park.
A boy rides a bicycle down the street wearing a large yellow lemon-shaped sign while a multitude of people wait in line on the sidewalk.
A woman in a blue shirt gripping another woman's buttocks.
A woman sitting on the step with dark hair putting her hand on her face.
A couple stands on a dock by the water hugging.
A bride a groom are getting their picture taken on a swing set while a young man drinking a soda and a boy in a green shirt with a bike are watching.
A young girl wearing pink cleaning rocks in water with a toothbrush.
A woman holding a basket wearing a silver colored wig with novelty glasses.
A woman and a girl examine a painting.
A man in a blue shirt helping a man in a red shirt fix a trail bike
A lady playing music on her harp.
A woman is dressed up trying to sell her wares as a young woman looks on.
Two hurdlers leaping a hurdle on a track.
Two children wearing hats hang onto to bamboo trees.
Two men are talking while one is holding a chicken.
An older female is standing on the street posing in smoke.
An Asian woman wearing a jacket and holding a piece of paper.
A man in a sweater is holding a lamp.
A man holds his arm up to a light.
A lady is standing up holing a lamp that is turned on.
Men preparing a cannon in front of a castle.
A young man is playing foosball with a couple other people.
A group of four people congregate on a sidewalk.
A man wearing a teal jacket and holding a pink umbrella walking next to a woman in a black coat walking a dog.
A teenage girl wearing flannel jumps in a grassy field near a soccer field.
A painting of a busy street by Oxford Circus Station.
A worker with a hard hat working on a rig high off the ground.
Two children step across the top of stones that cut a path across the shallow river.
A man and a child are walking across some water using stones.
Several young people walk across the water on a series of stepping stones.
Children play together in a recent flood.
A woman dressed as a belly dancer walks behind three people sitting on steps.
Woman sitting in the shade with a fabric fan.
People stand outside the entrance to the Fulton St Station subway.
A man in dark clothing walking in a transit station.
Two city workers dressed is orange is cleaning up a burning mess on a city street and curb.
The two grandma is talking to each other.
Two elderly ladies sharing lunch on a bench.
Two people are sitting near a tree and relaxing.
Three people walk across a stone bridge on a lake while a dog swims.
Two children are using concrete blocks to walk across water.
Three people wearing a striped, pink, and green shirt look on and converse with others
A waiting lounge with passengers waiting around on blue seating.
Asian bride and groom leaving a church with crowd throwing confetti on them.
Two little girls wearing pink dresses and sandals
A street in a city with cars and buildings.
A woman in a pink shirt is making orange juice in a restaurant.
A cute curly headed little girl sitting on a man's shoulders.
Four girls are playing jump rope in orange jackets.
Two children are wearing orange vest and blue pants, while one takes a picture with a red camera.
A woman and two little girls playing with hula hoops.
A man is sitting in a tricycle with a sign in the back that reads "Your ad here!"
A man in a bandanna is facing girls in blue shirts.
Two young women with brown hair are sitting on a curb.
A large group of individuals are gathered around a bright light at night.
A live theater show with five actors on stage doing a choreographed routine.
Ballerina performing as a girl rat in an open park.
A man with a machete chopping big blocks of ice.
Two girls read from a book together.
Three men and a woman have laptops and are standing in front of a projection screen appearing to be conversing.
A policeman watches while many people participate in a marathon.
A young woman in a dark tank top and orange sunglasses plays the drums.
Two guitarists converse on stage.
A man plays guitar in front of a large sign, with another man playing drums behind him.
A band that is playing outside for a benefit in New York.
A woman with a blue plaid shirt and a bandanna makes bread.
A man repels down a cliff over water.
A man in a rust-colored hat and brown shirt, talking into a microphone.
Woman in green and white striped cap stands near graffiti.
A group of women are standing in a market while some of them are carrying baskets of vegetables.
Two old women sitting on curb next to flowers
Police in riot gear fill a street lined with spectators in red clothing.
A band on performing on an outdoor stage.
Three men are playing the drums and guitar on stage.
A statue of a woman with long hair
An African-American band is playing outdoors on a stage surrounded by trees.
A black man in a brown shirt and hat speaks into a microphone.
A man with a purple bandanna is clad in police riot gear, including a helmet and a vest marked "Police".
Many people are viewing produce for sale.
A boy in a yellow shirt is running in a race
Three people are walking by a wall which has a painting of a doctor checking a heart on a "I heart NY" poster.
Asian girl playing Jenga fearing that the pieces will fall over.
A poor black man holds a religious sign while standing outside of a food stand.
A man in a red shirt and a man in a blue jacket discussing and pointing to a spot on a small potted tree.
A little girl hangs from the back of a basketball hoop.
A man who is wearing a green shirt and brown pants, appears to be very exciting, jumping in the air with his hands raised.
Two asian men utilizing their woodworking skills.
Three people, two women and one man, crowd around a grill outside.
Two men shaving their heads bald.
A man crouches over his plants with various plants and dirt in the background.
A girl wearing a bike helmet and glasses takes a picture of some plants.
The woman wearing the scarf is quietly waiting for the train.
A singer in a black shirt is playing in a band.
A little girl in a pink skirt sitting next to a boy.
Two little girls, playing together in the sand.
A man in a beret and leather jacket writing in a small notebook.
A long-haired woman is singing into a microphone.
A group of elderly people playing a game of checkers, in a very poor area.
Two older gentlemen play a game of checkers.
A man sits between an orange cane and an orange flower pot with his head bowed.
A woman, carrying a pink bag and white umbrella, walks down a subway.
A woman in a green sweater staring into the water from a bridge.
A girl in a black shirt with blue jeans has a silver necklace.
A young woman in black pants is standing beside her bike and taking a photograph.
An Asian woman walking along a lighted city street at night while talking on her cellphone.
A woman in a high mountain range is pouring drink from one cup to another.
Mom takes a ride through the park with kid in tow.
Men sitting on the side of a brick road.
A dirty man takes a nap on a public bench.
A person with a blue hat and pants is lying down with their head on a piece of luggage.
A man putting his dishes away.
Two men wearing backpacks are walking on opposite sides of the street.
A woman is weighing something while a man is sitting down.
A man looks out of a building window while standing under a puerto Rican flag.
A street vendor sitting on a sidewalk with eggs and live chickens.
A group of dogs tied up to a pole on a hot summer day.
A man sings and plays guitar on stage.
A musician in a colorful shirt appears to perform a solo on a slide guitar at an crowded outdoor musical event.
A Mexican man rides on a cart pulled by a donkey.
A boy and a baby napping on the grass in the sun.
Three men eat lunch on a park bench.
A man wearing a black suit is playing a brown guitar.
A dog is walking near a body of water.
A young child in a yellow jacket, pink boots and a scarf walks away through an icy winter puddle, accompanied by her dog.
A group of four people on three scooters stopped.
A person in a red full body costume is riding a motorcycle.
A man is dressed in a turban and a blue and brown robe.
A woman with a white shirt and jeans is riding a motorized scooter.
A man stretches while holding onto a metal fence.
A man having some fun in Harlem during one of the celebration holidays of Halloween.
A school crossing guard to help the children.
An old man sitting on a bus holding a briefcase.
A blond woman in brown is selling shrimp.
A street vendor cooks under a single light bulb at night.
The woman wearing a hijab is driving a scooter.
One tag dog biting another tan dog while laying on a bed.
A woman pushing a baby carriage strolls by a large advertisement.
Two attractive women stroll down a crowded brick street at night.
A taxi cab with a lot of people around the street.
A young asian woman walks past a blue wall that says "Post No Bills."
Several people are crossing the street at a crosswalk.
A group of youth pass some vehicles and a graffiti adorned wall as they make their way through town.
A woman in the shadows with a redhead rag around her neck.
A woman wearing a heart-shaped necklace and a blue shirt is next to a fence.
A group of ladies smiling for a picture.
A man with a cigarette is listening to another man in dress clothes holding a can.
An attractive woman walking on a street in a yellow shirt.
A photographer in blue shirt smoking in the middle of a street.
Seven teenagers walking through a pasture.
A man and a woman standing near a desk while another woman sits at the desk looking through a microscope.
A group of people standing outside of a building.
A man with a blue jacket and glasses is sitting on a stool.
A man and a woman having a conversation and both are wearing hats.
A tattooed woman with a green dress and yellow backpack holding a water bottle is walking across the street.
A young man is looking and thinking at the same time.
A man with long black hair walking down a street in an Asian city.
A person in a green shirt holding a colorful umbrella.
A man amusing a woman and girl on leg extensions with a top-hat.
A man unlocks a blue garage door.
A person is sitting on a ledge by a river in a city.
Two men work with a ladder in Amsterdam.
A man with a grayish jacket and gray hair is looking at someone's shoe.
Precision is key as this guard throws his gun in the air ready to catch it.
A Australian Sheepdog is sitting on a wooden dock, tied to a white sailboat.
Two ballerina dancers performing on a stage.
A woman in a blue sweater, holding a camera, is jumping in a park.
Two brunette females wearing sunglasses in the outdoors.
A man and two children, one child sitting on a pillow, staring out at an aquarium full of tropical fish.
A man in blue shorts boxing another man in black shorts.
People stand in line in front of a store advertising beer, ice, wine and tobacco.
A man with a beard is talking on the cellphone and standing next to someone who is lying down on the street.
Three uniformed workers are cleaning the outside windows of a restaurant.
A man in a black shirt is at a skateboard park holding his skateboard.
Two men play catch with a football in a grassy field on a sunny day.
Various people crossing the street by a liquor store and Thai House.
Two men wearing yellow vests are lounging with their eyes closed in two cycle rickshaws.
A woman showing a young lady items.
A man and a young boy wearing striped shirts walk on a dirt path along the water.
Two Police officers walk down the beach.
A lady is walking across a road using an umbrella to shade her from the sun.
A man is leaning against a wall with his shoes off.
Man with bowl cut and gray shirt photographed from behind on a subway.
A serviceman wearing a hard hat being lowered below a sidewalk.
A woman in a white tank top is sitting net to water with a canvas in her lap.
A group of construction workers peer out at the city.
A couple is standing outside a German restaurant examining the menu.
A group of people enjoy a united calling.
A man is dressed in police clothes with a helmet and shield.
Family members enjoying a beautiful sunny day at the park.
A female with blond-hair, wearing blue jeans, walking past a music store and tall, beige building which has tall glass doors.
A young boy in a red shirt stands on a stool in a bathtub.
A man is bent over by an old stone wall, looking into his backpack.
Four women are posing for a picture.
A woman with brown curly hair, holding sunglasses, standing in a crowd.
A woman lying on asphalt in the middle of a busy park.
Boy with white powder and blue writing on his face
A woman wearing a red coat with a black headscarf stands against a wall.
An older african american man is grasping something walking down the street.
A group of girls in black and white spotted skirts cross a street.
A man is holding two flippers while standing in front of a boat.
A homeless middle-aged man holding a soda cup looks at two people who have walked past.
Sidewalk artist relaxing on the stoop after a hard day at the office.
A group of people stare upwards, some seem to be in shock.
A person in a white shirt standing in front a building with a lot of glass.
A mother and daughter walking down a city street.
A man in a bear suit, holding the head of the costume in his hand, stands at the back of a crowd.
A dancer pole dancing in the middle of the street outside BUA.
A person sitting in a hoop attached to a pole at nighttime.
A lot of people gathered in a park.
A female acrobat is suspended in midair while doing a striking pose
The young lady is decorating herself for Halloween.
Patrons waiting at and nearby a crosswalk in a foreign country.
A bearded man uses tools to carve a wooden object.
Some men and some women are standing outside while wearing colorful clothing.
A man sitting in a chair in front of a wall of pictures.
A bearded man, using a wooden pole, stirs bowl-like objects around in a large metal box filled with water.
Two men are rock climbing.
A woman shakes hand with another woman, as they stand under a sign for a protest they are conducting.
Two Japanese women are holding brooms and walking on a sidewalk.
A man wearing an orange shirt is serving snow cones from an ice cream cart.
Girls are preparing food to eat.
A man next to a bike with a flag attached trying to get the attention of others around him.
A girl is celebrating her graduation outside.
A man in a gray shirt is walking next to a concrete wall.
A man waiting for the bus.
Three kids are in large inflatable bubbles floating on top of a pool.
An baby girl in a floral pink outfit cries.
Police in riot gear are walking down a street.
One male runner looks at another as they race.
A woman is sitting on some steps and relaxing with her eyes closed.
A man on a bicycle jumps from a ramp.
A BMX biker in the air, following a jump off of a constructed dirt hill in a forest setting.
A woman and man are dancing on grass.
A man in a hat stares forward with people behind him and next to him doing the same.
Two women are kayaking on a large body of river.
A boxer in white shorts lands a punch on the face of the boxer in the blue shorts.
A girl involved in a game of Human Bowling.
A man in a black jacket is walking his small dog in a quaint neighborhood.
Workers in a company cutting plastic for a waiting customer.
A boy stands in the grass waving the flag of his home nation.
Girls dance behind a man wearing a white robe and turban.
A man in front of a lake cleaning fish in a striped shirt.
A woman holding a tray of liquor shots.
A young gentleman with brown hair, sporting his sunglasses atop his head, enjoys a refreshing drink as he peruses a menu.
Boy peeking in a girls clothes at her tattoo.
Many people waiting in long lines to get buy tickets.
Taxis are driving down the rad in the rain.
A crowded sidewalk with people on it separated from the street by metal barriers.
A man leans on the tree playing a clarinet while recording himself with a video camera.
A street vendor wearing white pants and black t-shirt is standing near his cart with cold beverages.
A man in a red shirt is doing something with a bicycle tire.
A man in a red shirt is looking at some items on the ground.
A young man leaning against a streetlight as a bus with a statue of Liberty sign drives past.
Two men look thoughtfully off the side of a bridge.
A woman wearing a tank top is holding a blue umbrella and kneeling next to luggage.
A group of people in a foreign country some carry packages, come walking, some standing.
A crowded street full of Asian people.
A toddler child is sitting outdoors on a green and white towel and the child is smiling at someone to the right.
Group of people in a square on sunny day
Two older people, one man and one woman, sit on a bench with a cityscape in the background.
This is the picture of a woman in a flowered dress, toting something in a bucket.
Two young girls are positioned behind a table covered in various toys and miniatures.
An old man is grilling food in a backyard.
A woman with red-hair stands behind a fence with her camera, along side other people.
A male performer acts a story out for young children
A woman in an orange scarf holds a white cellphone.
A person is repairing a bicycle while four people watch in an urban setting.
An asian woman is wearing a black graduation cap and gown smiling on a lawn.
Two men are playing chess on a green crate table.
A boy sitting on a red chair, looking through a book with a guitar and amplifier next to him.
Two women are walking through an urban setting with camping equipment.
A man wearing a gray hat is playing a violin.
Young woman in ceremonial clothing walking with parasol.
A young man is pouring tea from a kettle into a glass.
Man in red jacket is disinterested by parade.
A young man is sitting on the grass fixing some kind of a sports net.
Many small sailboats sitting at a dock.
Husband and wife heading up the hill to go to the swimming hole.
A man in a fez holds out a cup in a city plaza.
An African-American man is standing in the street with a bowl of bananas on his head.
Two males playing football on what looks like a gloomy day.
A bee on top of a flower
Some people walking and others sitting by a street corner.
A young father in an orange construction vest has a young son on his shoulders who is wearing a matching vest.
A woman and children swinging on a tire swing.
A beautiful day for riding bikes and motorcycles, and having a bar-b-q with family and friends.
A man sitting at a table smoking.
A man and a woman work hard to clean up after a long day.
A man is scrapping paint off a window.
A laughing woman holds a pink star shaped lamp towards the head of a shadowed person in the foreground.
Two children with shaved heads, one with a walking stick, standing on the street.
A woman in a Vegas looking show girl costume in a blue and white feathered headdress moves ahead of a crowd of blue-shirted individuals.
A man eats on the street as he walks.
A little girl is swinging high above a wooden fence on the swing.
Bald man in chef's tunic grasping magazine with conviction.
The beautiful lady is pouring something into the other container.
Two people hug next to a group of teenagers.
A man in a blue jacket sitting at table reading in front of a restaurant.
Two children are sitting down surrounded by various types of food.
A solitary bicyclist rides past an ornately decorated two-story building with many windows.
A motorcycle rider is jumping in the air while someone in the background is watching.
Ample dark-skinned man looks back at camera from behind buffet.
A man walking by a sitting man on the street.
An old man wearing a bandanna and a denim apron looks at a cabinet in a workshop.
This dirt biker is enjoying the race at the racetrack in Atlanta.
A woman staring at the camera from behind sunglasses, holding a bag and coffee cup.
A girl skateboarding in red shoes on pavement
A shirtless man with a blue skateboard is performing a trick.
A woman is walking by a building labeled Fisher's Popcorn.
A young man is standing near his bike outside a shop called, "Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream."
A woman in a black tank top and shades with a tattoo on her arm.
A man in a white shirt is fixing the tire of a crimson bike.
A dog jumps over a pile of logs.
A woman in a black shirt, and white shoes talking on a phone.
A shirtless man in a white chair looks out.
People are walking along a street under a large billboard.
This young boy is walking near a street.
A young girl who is playing croquet and is smiling because she is doing well in her game.
People are eating at tables in front of an art deco wall.
A lady is walking out of a short tunnel as a male prepares to enter it from the opposite side.
Old people standing in a circle at a party
A man with a dark jacket, shirt, and pants, standing near a grill with one hand holding the handle of the grill's lid.
Children are doing various things in the pic, eating and posing.
Four women are rowing down the stream in canoes with bamboo stalks and thatched houses on the sideline
A girl's hair streams behind her as she swings
One women in black jeans and a bikini throws her hand in the air while on the beach.
A man enjoys the sun in a park.
A group of faithful shoppers bear the cold while one points to his favorite store.
A man and a woman on a scooter.
A group of dancers with green shirts are all holding hands in a circle, one lady has a white shirt.
Two women in black hats stand on the street.
The sunlight casts long vertical shadows on the back of a young girls' denim jacket.
Three women in blue and red outfits are carrying a banner.
Four couple performing dance routines is colorful green and white costumes.
A man is preparing food while another watches.
A coated middle-aged man looks through a telescope at the sky at night.
A man in a plaid shirt looking through a telescope lens.
There are several people on a boat and one is person is dropping their drawers and mooning passersby.
A man in a green jacket fishing from atop a rock.
Police officers putting yellow tape from a doorway to a tree to stop bystanders from entering the area.
Mexican emergency workers help remove a man from a crashed vehicle.
A firefighter in uniform is holding a red hose
Two men carrying their daughter on their shoulders.
A person with a black hat and a union jack bag walks on a sidewalk passed an old stone building, the green-framed windows of which say "mooch art."
Two people sitting down outside of a glass building.
A man is sitting on a bench talking on a mobile phone while other people stroll across a walkway above him.
Bystanders watch the aftermath of an accident between a red and black car.
Emergency medical crews, firefighters, and police officers at the scene of a car accident.
A man uses an axe to do yard work.
A group of firemen and officials prepare to turn a car right side after a crash.
A muzzled greyhound leaps over grassy ground.
A man in a black and white baseball cap looking into a silver pontiac.
A stairway with green plants growing on the side.
This is a scene of a production crew outside in a street near a deli.
A brown dog has a purple disc.
A man in an orange red shirt is viewing two monitors on a desk that also has his foot and a Staples Easy button on it.
People sitting in chairs along a tree-lined sidewalk.
Two women stand in an open field, along with two dogs, one woman holds a bucket, the other a jacket.
Worker in a hat is sweeping leaves down a street.
Man wearing black glasses and v-neck t-shirt carries small girl in striped pants upside down.
A masculine gentleman is walking down the street carrying a portfolio.
A woman is wearing a blue and white striped shirt while sitting.
A man is standing behind a giant green machine.
A man is sitting outside in a blue lawn chair and painting a man with black hair on to a canvas.
People rock climbing and hiking near a lake.
A car and many people are standing on the road.
A couple relaxing in a paddle boat on a body of water.
A older woman in a dark coat holds a pack of paper tightly.
2 little girls eating ice cream.
A young woman in a black shirt walking down a city street.
A man and a woman holding a baby walk past some wooden furniture.
The asian in the green hat and green, orange and blue vest is looking at something.
An Asian woman in a white apron and mask, with orange gloves is taking a picture.
A man is sitting on the street under an umbrella with the sewing machine and altering clothes.
Three people wearing white hard hats ride on a forklift.
A lady is riding down the road on a motorcycle with a person with a white helmet.
A man in a black suit is walking.
A group of four children cross the street, as an adult looks down the street.
Two men wearing vests doing martial arts.
One man, wearing a blue jacket, is kicking another man, wearing a red jacket.
Japanese people sitting in a really fancy cafe reading.
A woman wearing gray and a boy wearing a white shirt playing with toys on the ground.
A man in a green shirt waits while the police question some snowboarders.
Two men practicing martial arts one has his right leg in the other man's face.
A lady holding a microphone standing on a stage.
A blond woman is singing into a microphone and giving the "okay" symbol with her left hand.
Male and female holding railing looking off into the distance.
An angry looking man in a green Seattle Seahawks hoodie leans on a railing.
People are enjoying the entertainment at the Summer Concert Series.
A man in a hat is playing an acoustic guitar with a band at an outdoor venue.
A woman is painting a sign on a blue brick wall.
A young man dressed in a blue jacket is holding a statue over his head.
A man and a woman are standing on a stage.
A man with a pink camera taking a picture of a rock concert.
A band performs for Good Morning America's Summer Concert Series.
A woman in a blue jacket reads a book next to another woman reading a magazine.
A man and woman riding on a subway car.
A man with a cart walks along a wall covered in graffiti.
A white male is playing the drums.
The sky glows a vivid yellow in the sun.
A man in a black flees holds ropes on a balcony.
A group of people face towards a bridge across the water.
Two young women texting by a bike.
A crowd going wild as the concert comes to an end.
A man balances a paper lantern on his outstretched hand.
A lot of people standing around a street next to a sign
Man with Adidas gym bag walking down sidewalk.
An older man playing an instrument in the rain.
Young girl stands in her baby carriage on the grass.
A man with a camera and another man with a baby stroller are standing in a fenced in area.
Three women in black dresses walking down the street
An overweight person with sandals reads a magazine on a bench.
A man surrounded with plates and plates of food.
These three girls are wearing summer dresses and playing with the dog in the grass.
A Taiwan man holds a sign protesting the government.
A woman in jeans and a blue tank top laying in a tree.
Two girls showing something to each other.
A busy store full of people shopping at the store.
A woman with an umbrella is sitting on a stone bench.
A man squats in the grass to take a picture of a flower while a slim woman looks on.
A group of musicians performing in the street.
A crowd of people stand next to a number nine, either getting on or getting off.
A woman in a strange array of clothing.
A man in the military is walking with his two daughters.
Two people are riding their bikes in city traffic.
A young black boy with a striped shirt, black shorts and black rain boots laying on a row of yellow street barriers.
A woman in a white outfit is walking up stairs.
A African American man, is cooking on what appears to be a professional cooking range.
An older heavyset man is resting on a bench with his shopping cart nearby.
A man is looking at what seems to be a cardboard cutout of a woman in a kitchen.
A Man with a cane is walking on a sidewalk.
A group of teens sit on steps watching a man and woman.
Woman walking behind two mail carrier drops in the grass.
An African American worker putting food into the oven while looking at the camera.
A baby wearing pink is sitting in a highchair.
A man in a red shirt and a blue hat is sitting on a sidewalk and touching drinking glasses.
A brown-haired woman listens over a drink.
Two boys are smiling while a woman is behind them in a stroller.
Two Women carrying cellphones and wearing bright dresses.
A blue Harley motorcycle is one of a group of motorcycles owned by motorcyclists.
The woman is fixing her shoes while the man looks at his cellphone.
Two girls wearing white dance at night outside.
The girl in the gray shirt has very dark hair.
A woman wearing a green tank top and unusual necklace at a table in a restaurant.
A woman in a dress and Capris lays out photos
A lady in a blue shirt has a shopping bag under her left arm.
Woman in purple shirt stares into the distance.
A man finds a unique place to sit and rest on a city sidewalk.
A woman in a white shirt walks with a shirtless, tattooed man.
Dilapidated buildings in the background of a lot of green grass.
Women wearing jean jacket over striped shirt walking in dock yard
A woman with a very large black wig and giant sunglasses is holding a mirror up to her face.
A woman standing in front of things.
A girl is sitting down while looking at something.
A man comforts his friend along the street.
People are walking along a beach with a pier in the background.
An elderly man is standing outside at night.
A middle-aged man reads a plaque on a wooden cross located in a field with wire fencing and trees.
A young female spray paint artist works on a painting.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and headphones uses spray paint while working on a mural.
Two teenagers sit on a dock and check their cellphones.
A group of people riding bikes and walking across a road in the city.
People waiting to cross a street at night.
Male surfer with yellow surfboard and dog walking down picturesque beach and large rocks.
Three ladies wearing costumes walking through a mall.
An old man and lady on grass in between rows of American flags.
A woman is holding a picket sign on a sidewalk.
The woman is checking her device as she pedals down the street.
A fence separates a woman holding a red flag from a law enforcement officer.
A man walking through a busy city where another man on a bicycle is transporting goods.
A woman and two children prepare a kite.
Three women are out having a drink together.
Asian people standing inside a business.
Happy face of man speaking into microphone held in hand in front of brick building.
An older artist painting while his sitting dog looks on.
A man in a black and white plaid shirt is sitting at a table in the restaurant ordering food.
A man in a white shirt taking a picture.
Two women walk towards a fire hydrant, painted with a face on it.
A woman in black, holding an umbrella, crosses the street.
A group of women in sports uniforms are playing frisbee in a field while others spectate.
A street performer painted in gold stands by a gold-covered old time camera.
A baseball player is attempting to tag out a runner.
A woman fiddles with her phone at a diner.
A woman is walking down the street on her cellphone while holding a cup of Coffee.
Three men are standing next to each other wearing different colored shirts.
A man with red glasses and curly hair is standing on a busy street.
A man is walking down a narrow walkway.
A man in a gray sweatshirt making a face while playing the drums.
A person wearing rollerblades is skating along side a railing.
A man in rollerblades is sitting down at an outdoor skating park.
Three people walk by a mural of a cow.
A group of people gathered in a large room that has beautiful architectural elements.
A mother and her two daughters stop in a courtyard.
The blind woman in the pink shirt is talking to a man outside of the cafe.
Woman in busy street holding a Starbucks coffee.
A man wearing his traditional ethnic clothing laughs as he views a show.
People are walking around baby elephant model displays.
A motorcycle racer in a blue and pink suit getting ready to race.
A man in an umbrella hat sits near a palm tree behind a group of shoppers.
A man is sitting down wearing blue gloves and wearing a white jacket.
A woman is walking a dog on a leash.
A person lying outside reading a book during the day.
A woman running in a race while onlookers cheer her on
The man is sitting on red steps outside apartment with red doors.
Two people are walking next to a wall with graffiti.
One slender man and one stout man walk on a city sidewalk.
A female laying on her stomach in the water outside with umbrellas.
Two young ladies are sitting on the steps of a rustic building.
A man is standing next to a Police van.
A young man wearing a gray shirt is standing outside of a log home while smiling.
People sit a tables while a man speaks with a microphone.
A city intersection with a man on bike and a store on the corner called SWATCH.
A busy street with shoppers making their way home.
A man in a gray shirt is standing outside of the subway.
A baseball player is fielding a ball.
A man in a blue shirt sitting on a blue seat.
A woman in jeans walking with an umbrella.
A man in a red shirt and white shorts is walking behind a man in a white shirt.
Several Asian people are on a train.
Several people are sitting in seats near a small table with drinks.
A woman looks down from a high point above a calm blue ocean.
A brown dog jumps over a chain.
Two men sitting on a flight of stairs next to the number five.
While drinking a coupe of Red Stripe beers, a man with a gray t-shirt speaks to another man wearing a blue button up shirt.
The woman is wearing a flower printed shirt.
This photograph captured a man and a woman skating in an intertwining pose.
A group of older men and women sit attentively listening in metal folding chairs.
There is a huge crowd of people all with umbrellas.
Four men in green uniforms sweeping up the street after a parade.
Two men play didgeridoos in front of a fireplace while a Siberian Husky lays on a couch.
Man on trash truck working hard for day.
A woman is standing in front of a wall with a bunch of graffiti.
A smiling artist is kneeling on the sidewalk.
A man in a light blue shirt is bent over adjusting his boot, while his hat lays to his right.
A group of people in a reunion discussing a very important topic.
A man in khakis and a blue shirt speaks into a microphone before a group.
Man and woman talk at seminar.
A middle-aged man wearing a blue hooded jacket and a plaid hat is standing with folded arms outside a city building.
A gray "labradoodle" jumps over another large dog.
Three men sit, and one man stands, on the back of a vehicle.
The man in the red shorts has a tattoo on his leg.
Two children are standing against a brick wall in the sunlight.
She walks past the beautiful blue mural.
A man in glasses with a beer and fire
An Arab women getting interviewed by the press.
Yellow taxi cab moving across the bridge and huge buildings in the background.
An old man is playing his guitar.
Two young women hold hands near a tree.
A mannequin dressed in lingerie is being advertised.
A man is putting sand on the ground near a large statute of a lady sitting down in a red dress holding a bottle.
People are eating in a restaurant.
This is a four-way stop featuring three cars, one cyclist, and two pedestrians.
There is a man walking on the sidewalk.
Two men, one wearing a red shirt and black pants and the other wearing white, are playing basketball outside of a brick building.
A fireman standing on top of a firetruck.
A horse has bucked in an arena and the rider is coming off of its back in midair in front of a crowd in the stands.
Many people walk up and down ChinaTown, possibly during an event.
A young boy wearing a black and red dress shirt frowns as he gazes off.
A man selling a bundle of balloons on a boardwalk
A large group of people ascend a staircase leaving a room with oriental writing on the ceiling.
People are having some kind of a day fair.
A man in a blue striped shirt and jeans along with a woman in a brown shirt walking across the street.
A heavyset man with two redhead babies in his lap.
A group of people standing next to a "no truck's" sign and a yellow street sign.
An dark-skinned little boy with headphones in.
Four people are on a red bridge with a pipe going across it, some walking while some stand in place.
A woman with straight blond-hair talks on a cellphone outside.
A public gathering of sorts consisting mainly of people of an African descent.
Four men are standing outside near a white truck bed.
A group of girls around a table full of fabric.
1950's police cars at food a cart truck.
A blond lady in a decorated blue dress is covering her face with her hand.
A man is using a hammer and chisel to make sculptures.
Street in Europe where a group of men are sitting on their motorcycles.
Two men in a yellow Penske truck
One person in black leaning against a building in a sliver of sunshine.
Bearded man in thong shoes talks with woman on a sunny day.
Cityscape with four men on bikes serving as the focal point of picture.
An old couple walking down an alley holding hands.
Young ladies working on their computers, studying and relaxing at the same time.
Two men are preparing their beverage stand.
A blond woman in a blue tank top glances at an unidentified figure in front of the camera.
Three woman passing by a poster in the street.
A guy in shorts and a backward cap is spray painting a wall outside.
Two people, one seated and one standing, in front of a graffiti painting.
Two boxers are landing simultaneous punches on one another.
A man is pulling a wheelbarrow laden with bricks.
A woman in a black hat and black shirt standing in front of a Red Bull Car.
A brunette lady in a blue shirt rings up a customer at a store.
A cyclist with a green backpack and a helmet riding the streets.
A group of people look over ledge.
A man dresses in a military uniform looks through a microscope while a bald man in a white coat looks on.
Three little kids in a open field looking towards the sky.
The woman in the black dress with flowers takes a picture at the art museum.
A man wearing a brown suit is walking down the sidewalk.
A woman in a green shirt swinging, with only one shoe on.
A teacher instructing her students in class.
Two women workers in hats serving food from a stall.
This person is climbing the side of a mountain.
The men in the long dress wardrobe are putting on a show.
A climber ascending a mountain
A woman in a blue shirt makes a painting of two windows with green shades.
A man in a hat laying down while photographing.
Person lies down on an orange cloth in front of giant billboard with gating in front of it.
A man in a green shirt is standing beside a car on the street.
A man standing out front of a pizza restaurant with boxes in front.
A man in a colorful tie-dyed shirt walks past a nail salon.
A group of professionally dressed people are sitting near each other is a downtown area of a city.
People are gathered outdoors at nighttime.
A man in a bright yellow shirt standing outside of a bright yellow building near a pay phone which has a bright yellow handset.
An african american man stands in front of a Harlem, NY fire station.
A man in a white shirt is standing in front of a clothing store.
Bicyclist is looking to his right as he travels through traffic.
Woman in a blue dress and carrying a black purse, rides a scooter down the street.
Older man in a plaid shirt leaning in a restaurant.
Construction workers look on from top of building while two more are suspended from a crane in a basket.
A woman drinks a beer while watching an outdoor concert.
A group of people with colorful flags downtown.
People in black hats gathered together downtown.
A young woman leaps into the air with the US Capitol building in the background.
People are riding motorized vertical scooters down the street.
People sitting on the ground watching a little boy and man doing something.
Several people are moving away from a brightly colored tower.
Three young men are watching a tennis match on a large screen outdoors.
A man is outdoors chopping food on a table.
A man in a red shirt holding a cane is ordering some food at the market.
A woman holding a beverage is walking down the street.
A man with a white shirt and tattoo sits inside an ice cream stand covered with pictures of delicious treats.
A man reads a book, on a city sidewalk, while a lady waits and other pedestrians walk past.
A police officer is talking to several men on a busy city street.
A woman in pink dress is sitting on a cycle.
A woman in a blue shirt that is sitting at a table with her notebook, pen, and laptop.
Former New Mexico governor, Bill Richardson in the middle east giving a speech.
A man in a white hat, sunglasses, and dark shirt speaks into a microphone.
Large man in black shirt next to police officer walking away from man in blue shirt and backpack
A woman is standing in a white truck singing while people watch her.
A group of people protesting in a city.
A woman with a head covering and traditional clothing is reading into a microphone from a piece of paper.
A group is letting their political opinion be known.
A small kid wearing a helmet smiles while his father is doing some adjustment at its back.
A man in a black shirt loading or unloading a blue honda.
A group of people wait on the sidewalk, wearing hats.
A group of Middle Eastern heritage marching down a city street protesting.
There are many people attending a parade like activity on the street.
A man in a restaurant being looked at through a window.
Several men and woman protest against Israel while a man in a blue shirt shouts at them.
A crowd of people marching.
A band performing a concert in front of a moderately large crowd
Three people are sitting and waiting.
Two men are standing on the sidewalk with their instruments on their back.
A photographer is taking a picture of an ornate building.
Two women and a man are standing in front of a painting of Cher.
People standing in line by a truck waiting to buy ice cream.
Two people scramble across the street while rain falls from above.
A group of people are sitting on a rocky beach.
A police officer with a surgical mask on is standing in front of a group of girls in uniform.
People walk down a street in an uncrowded neighborhood.
A motorcyclist stops at an empty crosswalk, while thirty or forty motorcycles and bicycles sit parked in the street beside him.
Three workers are outside at night working.
A man in a white shirt is reading a newspaper.
A couple enjoy the scenery while a photographer captures it on film.
A cloudy day in a city doesn't keep away crowds of men and women on the sidewalks.
An Asian girl is modeling rubber boots.
A man wearing a red baseball cap and jersey is standing next to an older car and staring at a young, blond woman as she walks by.
A businessman in a tan suit sleeps on the sidewalk near a building.
A little girl riding a two wheeler, wearing her helmet close to the street with passing cars.
Two women wearing black t-shirts are sitting in the grass.
A girl with blond-hair wearing a sleeveless top is being held by a woman.
Man walking little girl with backpack across street.
A woman with red-hair is walking down a tree lined path with a brindled dog following her.
A girl in a white jacket is selling pastries out of a box.
A man in a baby blue work-shirt talks on the phone on the busy sidewalk.
A woman in a blue tank top and blue pants jogs.
Tattooed female hipster with over-sized belt smiles while another woman stands in background.
A man with glasses is wearing a shirt that says to go downtown.
Two black men in black coats walk down the street with women looking at them.
A crowd of people in an outdoor area.
A man in a aqua jumpsuit with an apple in his hand is looking over a cliff.
Two people sitting in hats and shades.
A man with brown hair playing the drums.
A woman on a bright street is playing the violin.
A couple walks through a busy area with a lot of people.
Crowd of people standing in a station.
A woman wearing a black shirt and shorts walks through a fountain.
A man smoking and holding the leash to a dog is standing next to a woman wearing sunglasses.
A girl wearing a blue dress and a guy wearing jeans are walking into some sort of storefront together.
Woman with long hair on a bicycle looking at a child.
A little girl, by a fence, looks like she is talking on a cellphone.
A man wearing a plaid hat sits in a lawn chair reading a magazine
A woman with dark clothing and a ponytail walking by a metal fence near a bus station.
A young woman walks alone through a bus terminal.
A woman in a red dress standing next to a large tree.
An older gentleman prepares to hit a golf ball.
A man with a dark blue shirt and hat wears glasses next to a taxi.
Man wearing a red plaid kilt standing in front a passing children.
A woman in a red skirt with flowers is walking down the street.
A young boy in a hat is fishing by himself.
A silver car driving by a Hotel where people are standing outside of.
Two ladies are laughing on the street.
Some people sit on a rail over a lake.
A young woman walking down a busy street
A girl with a uniform standing on a sidewalk with something red and blue in her hand.
These two women is at Giorgio's having fun.
Two dogs with their heads down a hole and their tails are sticking straight up.
A little Asian boy eating pizza.
An Asian woman is holding a large blue and white tube while looking at another woman and a red bus passes by her.
Man wearing black shirt throwing an axe.
A crowded street, in an Asian country, where the buildings are dominated by the Seiko building.
The young boys at the table are playing a game.
Two young children are asleep on a couch.
A performing arts group participate in a small parade.
A boy playing with the ball in the capital city Berlin, Germany, in Europe.
Two men with backpacks on looking at lingerie in a window.
An older woman leans on the balcony guard rail of an apartment building; she is looking out over a street lamp.
A dog runs along the ocean surf.
A woman in her underwear on a pillow while men look at her.
Two fashionable girls stand on a sidewalk in front of some bikes.
A young boy in a red life jacket is swimming in a pool.
Two young girls walk in a parade.
A subway scene, with a blue train moving through the station while passengers walk and wait around.
The crusaders are marching along the road.
A man wearing a beige shirt has squatted down in the street next to some cut stones.
A car with large full bags on its top.
A woman is running in front of a striped wall.
A man rides a jet ski across the ocean.
A couple in a town where tourist are visiting but they are unhappy.
A man is sprinting by another man with an umbrella.
One man paints another's face at an outdoor event.
A couple kiss outdoors, while another couple watch.
A man in a black shirt and jeans is walking by the sea.
The urban trolly's of a city on a sunny day.
A man in a panama hat and aviator glasses converses with another man in a gray sport coat and jeans.
A street view with cars and buildings.
Young blond girl looks unsure as she feeds colorful birds outside.
A little girl smiling in a colorful knitted hat.
A man taking a photo of a bridge on the river during sunset.
A group of emergency workers oversee a massive deterioration on a city street.
People are gathering outside a building where 'Love Story' is being held.
A woman and child making a creature out of paper products.
A man in a white shirt and a woman in a red shirt are dancing outdoors with many people surrounding.
A group of people looking at merchandise on a table.
Girl in colorful top and high heels dancing
A man in a blue shirt painting something outside.
One male adult holding a male child who is looking at an animal, and one female adult holding a female child.
A black and white dog is running through a cow field.
The front side of a food vendor in a park.
A woman painting something on a little girl's face.
A man in a reddish rust colored coat carrying a large wooden stake.
Group of asian men playing volleyball
A woman in orange shoes smoking and reading on a park bench.
An old Asian man standing in the doorway of a building.
A man in a khaki jacket and ball cap walks down the street.
Man in a blue shirt walks down a sidewalk.
A man wearing a hat is walking and carrying a pole with a hook on the end in one hand and a large aluminum can in the other.
Carnival Barker stands in front of a circus tent.
Lovely city scene showing a clear blue sky, three old buildings and a narrow street with rail tracks.
Five soldiers hold and aim their weapons.
A soldier fires his gun while standing next to a wall.
A group of people overlooking the water from a boat.
There is one individual in this image with a hard hat om and a radio in hand seemingly to be waiting for instructions.
A soldier crouches next to his armored vehicle parked under a bridge.
Four people in emergency suits and helmets spray water from behind a cement wall.
A soldier ducking holding a weapon wearing green clothing.
Two firefighters are putting out a fire at a dump.
A military man is peeking out of the top of his tank.
The young man with a white sweatshirt walks away from the white Acura vehicle.
A two men are walking together down a sidewalk.
A man and a woman examine the wares of fresh produce at a grocery store.
Woman in pink shirt and black skirt walking down the street.
An old man pushes a cart past a shoe store.
A man walking along the street carrying a garbage bag.
Two girls are walking down a paved sidewalk in a urban environment.
A little baby wearing a blue outfit is grabbing some fruit.
A group of soldiers are standing with guns in front of an armored vehicle.
Three men in military outfits are holding guns.
Two young military men in camouflage with automatic weapons.
Law Enforcement looks down the sight of a rifle in Thailand.
A young female standing on the deck of a boat starring at her cellphone while riding on the water.
A woman with a flower hat sits behind a man at the pier.
The firemen in the picture are getting ready to use their fire equipment.
Firefighters are spraying a hose into a fire.
4 Firefighters using a fire hose to put out a fire.
Armed forces are walking in an area littered with trash.
Firefighters put water on a smoldering pile of debris.
Two soldiers are taking refuge behind some guard rails.
A group of army men and women hold guns and run down the street.
Woman with umbrella riding bike behind couple walking while using one umbrella
An old lady is standing next to an antique in a dress.
A man working on a loom-type device.
A man wearing white is hanging thread on a pole made of bamboo.
Four women covered in tattoos are holding small flags.
A large group of people are gathered in a courtyard, with some laying on mats.
A white male is talking on a microphone.
A dog bites an object offered by a person.
A group of people are standing outside.
Many white people standing behind flags and a banner, next to big gray buildings.
A person is spinning cotton into fabric.
People walking on a city street and a man holding a yellow flag.
A group of four people sitting on a stone wall.
A group of children standing on a stage holding yellow bells and pointing at something.
Two workers face each other wearing green attire.
A group of 70's or 80's era Caucasian men and women seated and having a discussion.
Huge crowd at a Birmingham event.
A clown with a yellow wig and shirt and multicolored suspenders holds an orange balloon in both hands while a child in a black hat looks on.
A crowd of people, with a man checking his phone facing you.
A man holding two brochures is posing in a busy NY street.
Two women enjoying the open landscapes of a park.
People are walking in a parade, as other people watch.
Performers in colorful outfits stand on a stage.
A young boy with a red backpack and blue shirt is overlooking the scenery of a historic landmark.
Two women hold a red and white flag while two other women look on.
A large group in red white and black perform on a stage.
A group of people perform together on stage.
A crowd of people are holding white flags with red crosses.
A man stands giving a speech on a stage.
A woman in a blue and green dress is standing in front of a woman in a purple dress with a white lace collar.
People, some in uniform, milling about on a street.
Two Asian women are next to a table that has food on it.
A large group of people are racing through a heavily treed park.
A marathon begins on a city street under a JP Morgan banner.
A police officer is watching a marathon.
A man is outside with his small sons, and kissing one while the other is playing.
A group of campers lakeside, preparing and barbecuing food
A scantily clad young woman is pushing a mountain bike on a recreational path along a body of water.
A young person skateboards by the colorful mural painted on the building.
A man in a white shirt is playing a saxophone on a stage.
Hundreds of people are running a marathon through a city.
Many guards are standing in front of the starting line of a race.
A massive crown await in the middle of the city.
A group of people are standing around a long line of bananas.
A man walking along side a clean up crew.
A masked doctor wearing glasses is performing a surgery.
Large light fixture in busy operating room.
The doctors urgently try to repair the leaking heart valve.
A man sits in a white room amongst various scientific-looking machinery.
Four men and one woman are sitting behind a table, while a wheel is sitting on the wall in the background.
Three men dressed in surgical gowns operate on a patient.
A surgical RN in blue scrubs checking the settings on the machines before surgery.
Two women wearing cowboy hats are walking down a sidewalk carrying shopping bags.
A man in a hat sitting at one of several tables inside a screened tent watching people walk by outside.
Three people are walking on a beach.
A man with a black shirt and microphone performs a demonstration at an event.
Two small dogs sit near a tree.
A balding man is getting his shoes cleaned on a street corner.
Couple sitting in park near a small waterfall.
Some people are walking up a stairway near the water.
Three surgeons performing surgery on a patient.
A medical room with a man dressed in blue.
A person is in an operating room.
Two men in surgeons' gowns are completing an operation in an OR.
A operating room full of doctors and nurses.
A group of surgeons wearing scrubs are performing a surgery.
A woman holds a baby in the grass
Medical staff looks on as a medical procedure takes place on a video monitor.
The doctor is observing an image before surgery.
A group of medical professionals performing an operation in a surgery.
Doctors wearing protective gear are performing surgery.
A man waiting for doctor's order to do surgery on a cancer patient in the surgery ward.
Some tourists visiting a landmark.
The brown and white dog is carrying a stick in his mouth.
A woman in a white blouse stands in front of a crowd of seated children.
Music can be created, through winded instruments, by winded instruments, and they are all enjoyed by different peoples, throughout the world.
Overlooking a street with a sign above shops that states Welcome To Golden.
Two men jumping in the air for a picture.
A dog swimming with a stick in its mouth.
Indian women in colorful Saris speak and look through material while a child sits close by.
A man with a hat is turned around looking at cards.
A little boy is wearing a t-shirt that says Gidday is looking up at the sky while enjoying a snack.
A naked cowboy taking pictures with two ladies.
A set of keys in the lock of an opened box on an outside pole.
A girl looks down into a pool under a fountain.
Two dogs with pink hair are on a leash.
A man with an orange backpack in an bushy area.
There are a lot of people on this busy Asian street.
A busy street has several people all around and bicycles lined up in a row.
A few people are standing outside of shops in an Asian city.
A gathering of young women in an oriental market.
Two men, one with several tattoos on his shoulder and upper arm, walk on a sidewalk covered in gum.
A man in athletic clothing holding a water bottle running.
A hiker stands on a hill looking into the distance.
In Italy, the streets are full of people.
A man and woman are walking in a restaurant that has signs in Chinese.
Two women lay on their stomachs in the sun.
A man in a leather coat waits with another at a bus stop.
Two asian women are sitting in the shade under a tree.
Pedestrians walking on a crowded street in an asian city, seen from the back.
A group of people waiting in a train station.
An elderly man sits next to his shoes and jacket while leaning against a wall.
A smiling young couple are strolling arm in arm down a Paris street.
A guy with long hair and big belly walking briskly past a mural of a girl who looks mad.
A crowd is around a showgirl wearing a white headdress.
Two dogs kind of unfriendly with their owners that are sitting down in front of a times realty sign.
People look down at something next to a large stone building.
A man wearing a blue shirt is thinking about which book he would like to buy.
Young man sitting at a fountain on the phone.
Many people in red sports jerseys walking and talking in a city street.
A couple of people walking down a street illuminated by signs at night.
There is a young man on a skateboard in front of a food booth.
A woman with a baby carriage walks towards a group of young men.
Three children are playing with a yellow toy on a green pillow.
Many bicyclists and other people on a street
A group of three young girls in dresses are walking along a street.
A man in a plaid shirt blows a horn.
A woman holding a little girls hand walking across a bridge.
A man reads the newspaper while having a drink.
Two young boys using kick boards to learn how to swim.
Child playing in a pool with clean water.
An old man wearing a suit, tie, and a captain's hat is standing amid a crowd, with an angry look on his face.
A woman is standing on the sidewalk, in front of a crosswalk.
A man in a black dress is walking near a poster in a platform.
Some people near a body of water with lights all around.
A older man with a walker walking in front of a colorful wall, with multiple things going on it.
A girl with a cellphone is standing underneath a street sign.
A little boy with blue mittens walking over a wooden trail bridge.
A woman and man playing guitar while a brown-haired woman speaks on the phone.
A person in a room inspects some sort of equipment.
Several women with long hair and mini-dresses walk together.
A man is standing in the doorway while another man walks in a room that is in poor shape.
The lady in the white pants has her hand to her mouth.
A man in a blue cap with a blue sweatshirt is talking on a microphone while a man without a shirt smiles.
A man works at a vegetable stand market, with prices displayed nearby.
There are many families selling various wares, including clothes, in a park.
A couple wearing kimonos walk along a shady lane in Japan.
A man with a red vest looking at a man with an orange shirt holding a mirror.
Two man lean against a brick wall outside
An older black man plays an electric guitar on a city street.
A man in a blue jacket standing in a market.
A woman dressed in all white and heels is walking in front of a wall with a mural on it.
Smiling women in a purple shirt running a race.
Two people are climbing steps that lead to three connected green statues.
A man is demonstrating a his equipment for onlookers.
The women are looking at the beautiful jewelry.
Two women chained together, one in a red dress, the other in a blue shirt.
There is a person riding a tall bike, in front of a purple bus.
A woman wearing a white t-shirt, white shorts, and sunglasses.
An crowded oriental marketplace set in a narrow street.
A fashionable young woman walking through green-houses.
A man in a miniskirt whom is trying to run through a field.
A body builder wearing a Nike shirt throws a heavy object.
A man wearing a kilt is standing on a field surrounded by flags and flowers.
A man and a woman are standing together facing away.
A man wearing a denim jacket is painting a sign.
A man and a boy are looking at postcards.
A crowd of people on a street below a stained glass sign.
The nighttime by the river canal is busy.
A lady dressed in a white, short dress is next to a table set for two with a rock pier in the background.
A young boy wearing a vest is sitting surrounded by and playing with Legos.
Smiling men wearing numbers pinned to their chests race walk down a wet street.
Photographers take pictures of a girl sitting in a street.
There is a skater wearing a yellow top on their knees on track.
A group of women are participating in a roller derby game.
A construction worker in overalls and a yellow construction hat shovels dirt into a wheelbarrow.
A young man snacks while on a dock looking out into a body of water.
An asian girl in a cap is holding a water bottle.
A man in red shirt and blue hat fishing.
Several people are watching others play inside an inflatable moon bounce carnival attraction.
A boy in a striped shirt holding up a fish on a line.
A shirtless man sitting on a bench fiddles with something in his hand.
Tourist are taking photos at the beautiful place.
A girl with black pants on is lowering a camera onto the running track.
These women are skating in the roller derby.
Three women in matching black and yellow dresses and a woman with orange hair.
A man with a large camera is taking photographs.
A group of girls playing roller derby while an audience looks on in the background.
Two men setting up a bouncy house.
A boy in a yellow shirt rides on the back of another boy's bicycle down a paved street.
Kids fishing in a lake with their fathers.
A man wearing an apron is watching a boy work on a bike, and they are surrounded by other bikes.
A young girl goes fishing in a lake.
A man with a beard and red hat sits down with a drink in a paper bag.
A food cart is operated near an outdoor seating area.
Three women dressed in black skirts and bra-tops appear to be starting or finishing a dance routine.
An old cadillac and a white motorcycle on a street.
A boy is riding a bike past a gate with metal chicken on it.
Two women smoke while walking the streets.
A group of soldiers march in a parade.
An African American woman looking at a poster.
This female seems to be walking on the side of a light blue house.
A guy looking at the city map.
An elderly gentleman and a lady are looking at something that cannot be seen in the photograph.
Two adults are leading about a dozen children down a sidewalk.
A small girl wearing a pink shirt picking up small black items with a white shovel.
Three women are chatting and looking around.
A girl in a green shirt is posing humorously with a bicycle in a parking lot.
A woman sits on a rock by the water.
A man sits in a chair by the pool, playing the guitar.
A girl with blond spiky hair and a black jacket walking along a sidewalk.
A woman nibbles at a food item in her hands.
A mom and her daughter sitting in chairs on the sidewalk.
A man hangs from a horizontal pole, jutted from a building, with one hand.
Women compete in a game of roller derby.
On a narrow street lined with houses, some with red awnings, a man talks on his cellphone.
A woman and a man sitting on a bench in front of a restaurant.
A man in a white shirt is reading a paper while others sit on a bench.
A crowd of asians walking around the city.
Three women, with long, unkempt hair, stand together, in front of a stone wall with peep holes.
People standing on a street corner in Asian City.
A man dressed in goggles and a spiked gas mask gazes in angst and anger.
Four girls in a swimming pool the one getting ready to jump in.
A large number of people gather around a body of water.
Two women standing in front of a map.
Man sitting on bench with a suitcase in front of PADDINGTON sign.
A woman standing on an incline with a red bag.
Three people sit together and consult a notebook while a man stands and watches over their shoulders.
Two men on horseback watch as another man is thrown from his bucking horse.
Young girl in a bright pink shirt adjusts her cowgirl hat
A man talking on his cellphone on the street.
A man smiles down from atop a totem pole on a sunny day.
A little child sitting on a bench eating something red.
A woman with a purple top is drinking straight from a black bottle.
A group of people getting splashing in water.
Two men in hula skirts are standing at the top of a ramp in a truck.
Four men at a coffee, tea, and hot chocolate stand.
A woman with a bright orange backpack is standing in front of a stairway.
That lady is pointing at her clothes in the dryer.
A man in a white apron is holding a chicken above a large pot or bucket.
Two boys are sitting reading comic books.
A man with glasses standing on a ladder painting a wall.
A man laying down in the street.
A man in a black and blue jacket is playing a slot machine.
A woman in a brown puffy jacket is walking across a busy street.
A woman looks at a red scarf of one of the vendors set up in the street.
Four ladies are taking a walk.
A Black woman dressed in tank top and jeans holds a leash to a brown dog.
A woman with long pink hair is sitting on a concrete slab.
Young men run on the beach to train for football.
People stand and look out the window to view the mountain.
A black woman in a yellow and green dress walking along a road carrying a bushel with a large sack on her head.
Two girls riding down the street on unicycles.
A woman with a long black ponytail and a flowing white dress twirls.
A woman in a purple top carries a red and white umbrella.
A man with a camera around his neck rides a moped in a latin American country.
A bald man standing with his hand down his pants.
An elderly man in a plaid shirt and jeans empties a coffee cup into a trash bin.
A child wearing a rainbow striped shirt is pushing a toy cart.
The small smiling boy lifts the paper from his gift box to see what's inside.
Seven men dressed in orange safety hats work on railroad tracks.
People are walking in a building where food is being sold.
A guy sitting in a chair on the street next to his dog.
Two men in an art booth are talking to each other
At an open air market a man inspects some watermelons for sale.
This man is laying on the sidewalk beneath graffiti on a wall.
An homeless man is reading a magazine.
A man wearing black shirt with devil looking eyes, holding two big slices of meat.
Five children wearing hats are playing in the mud on the beach.
Two children are standing on a beach making faces, their forearms covered in mud reaching towards the viewer.
A speaker in a classroom.
Three woman pray with hands folded.
Two blond women are hugging one another.
A group of people outside a restaurant in an indoor shopping area.
Customers walk about a grocery store.
Two skateboarders walking down a sidewalk in front of many parking signs.
Two men holding skateboards and one man skateboarding.
A young man is drenched in water as a group of people play in the city's fountain.
A man with a backpack is eating an ice cream cone.
A woman with a cup and a yawning man are sitting in front of the Cigar Company shop.
A man in a blue coat walks down a sidewalk.
A man is sitting reading a newspaper in a room with a classic blue car.
Vendors hawk their goods at an outdoor market.
Six girls in bedroom floor, kneeling on each other's back to form a pyramid.
A man in a suit speaking to a seated woman.
A middle-aged man soaks up the sun in a public park.
A woman wearing white sunglasses is holding a plastic cup.
A man is being tossed in the air by a large group holding the edges of a flag.
A man jumping from a building onto a parachute.
A group of people on a street covered with trash and smoke.
A old man with a cigarette in his mouth.
A little boy on a tiled kitchen floor holding a red swifter.
A woman who is doing yoga.
An elderly couple walk hand in hand on a beautiful day together near a busy street.
A woman is showing a little girl her face painting with a mirror.
A man holding on atop of a jumping horse while others stand around watching him in a crowd.
Sports fans celebrate following their team's victory.
A man holding the Texas flag is nearly blown off his feet on a city street.
An injured man lying on pavement with a man holding his head.
A woman in a white top and jeans promoting for CYFD by the street.
A man doing some fishing at a river.
A little girl in a pink outfit is looking straight ahead and holding a pair of binoculars on a stony trail.
A man is watching what to get in the shops.
A woman with long hair and a black shirt washes the dishes.
A man in a white jacket and hate slices pork for sandwiches.
A Hindu man napping on the floor.
A man and woman eating apples in the park.
A man wearing a large sombrero walking down the beach with a woman.
People gather to hear a speech related to the Armenian Genocide.
A middle eastern woman is talking into a microphone at a protest event.
A man and a woman standing with a group of spectators.
A girl in a purple sweater is watching a boy drink from a bottle.
A woman in a dress is walking beneath a cloudy blue sky.
A man wearing a hat is sitting on the ground with a small bag.
This man is walking down the street with a hand in his pant pocket.
A woman with red-hair wears a blue dress and has a large back tattoo.
A man is walking his bike in China.
A woman in a bikini enjoying a day at the beach by the ocean.
Native Americans in decorative dress appear to be celebrating for a cause.
A little boy sitting in front of a store in a somewhat run down neighborhood.
A trolley heading down the street
A woman laying down in front of the doors to a grungy, yellow, red and green colored building.
Brunette girl with backpack readying a colorful kite.
The young child sits on the swing without a thought in his mind.
The man wearing lots of medals is watching the girl in the yellow bikini top.
Several people, one of whom is wearing a bunny costume, playing in a public fountain with balloons nearby.
Many men in blue uniforms are walking in formation.
Six people sit on a stone bench outside a restaurant looking in different directions.
Two tourists simply dressed standing in front of two ATM machines.
A group of people at a "Beer Gardens", gathered under a green tarp tent.
Multiple blue umbrella tables where people are eating.
A boy in a red shirt sitting on top of a railroad crossing bar.
Indian girl with her mom praying or performing a ritual
A woman is walking in front of a brick wall on a sunny day.
Tourists walk on cobbled streets past restaurant.
Two people are bicycling down the road in front of a tall, yellow and white building.
Three men in long clothes sit and spend the day together.
A woman runs up to a juggling man on a tightrope.
A man in a suit is reading the paper while he walks down the street.
A person is walking by a wall that is surrounding a church.
Two women sitting on steps having discussion.
A woman and some children standing on the pavement looking at a fountain that is frozen.
A toddler wearing a blue helmet is being shown his bike from his father.
Some people are looking at produce that is stacked for sale at a market.
A red double-decker bus in Europe.
A woman in a black jacket and tan boots is walking on the street in front of a group of people.
A girl in a white shirt does a yoga move atop a statue.
She sinks her teeth into a tasty bite.
Three people walking down an urban street.
A man with a bamboo bandanna looks off into the distance as he holds a bamboo fishing pole.
A man with a walking stick looks through binoculars to see the mountains.
A woman in a black t-shirt is vacuuming the hallway.
A black high jumper performing a jump over a pole.
A man with an Egyptian headdress and no shirt on holds up a doll and smiles.
A man with a bag walks down the street.
Three people wearing white, while walking on stilts down a road outdoors.
Their are earphones in the male subject ears and he also has an iPod.
Several uniformed people are standing at attention and one is being crowned by an officer.
Individuals in military attire congregate beneath a stairwell.
Woman in orange headscarf with her hand over her face sitting in a blue chair.
A boy rides a bike overlooking a large body of water.
A man in sunglasses, a cap, dark jeans, and a denim jacket walks by an arch.
Two women unpacking something from a box.
A child holding a yellow blanket is looking in a drawer which has bibs and toys.
A London police officer writing a ticket to a man.
A lady in purple and a lady in blue are standing with a van behind them.
Four young women walking down the street with large purses.
An older man in a beige jacket is standing outside an old building and reading a newspaper.
Two slim, pretty women in skimpy clothes walking together.
A man walking down a dirty street in front of a building that has graffiti and posters on it.
With his hands folded, sitting on a pew starring at a blank screen.
An emergency worker is looking out the window of a moving vehicle.
A blond singer in front of a kaleidoscope.
A goofy looking woman is singing on stage.
Two man on stallions perform lassoing a small black calf.
A makeup artist wearing pink and white face paint and yarn wig is applying face-paint to a young child.
A young girl standing at the edge of the street in a white dress.
A man in white shorts is in a park throwing a Frisbee.
Two women are sharing an umbrella.
A young man, wearing a black shirt with the word "love" across it, juggle three green balls.
A woman walks her dog in a marketplace.
Numerous people are walking down the streets in front of a large, green statue.
Woman singing on stage in front of backup dancers
Two women walk across a street, one wearing a red shirt and pink hat, while the other wears a striped, white shirt and sunglasses
Two ladies walking together and having fun.
A woman is pulling a motorcycle up onto one wheel performing a trick.
This woman is riding her bike in her underwear.
Am older person wearing a blue jacket sitting on a bench eating an ice cream cone.
Two teenagers walking down the street with an arm around one-another.
A bearded man in a black t-shirt sits in front of a desk holding a computer.
A man relaxes in the shade watching the beach.
An older bearded man in some sort of fancy black and white attire surrounded by a group of onlookers.
A woman is falling through the air.
Five boys which two of them have a skateboard hanging out in front of statue.
Woman at a market getting some fruit.
A woman with a microphone is standing next to a man using an Apple computer.
A man watching a lady cross the street.
An older African American male holding lottery tickets on a city street.
A man is standing in a crowd holding up a sign.
A bunch of people are with their bicycles wearing only their underwear.
A lady with bright orange hair walking in a crowd.
Two old people sitting in chairs on the sidewalk in front of houses.
A young red-haired girl is finishing her lunch.
Two elderly women are looking into a display case of items for sale.
Photo taken from inside a restaurant of people on the street.
These young ladies are sitting comfortable discussing their food or talking about the woman.
A man with a yellow shirt on stares in the distance
An older gentleman holding a can of coke and a young boy are at some sort of market event looking at something for sale.
A young lady sitting outside a sporting event looking at her phone.
A man and two women are taste testing a variety of foods.
Several older people stand in front of a food booth.
A woman on a kiosk decorating cup cakes while bystanders attentively observe the technique.
Women prepare fried food at an outdoor market.
Two people looking at a display of bottles.
A man with blue gloves is cooking under a tent.
Two women are standing together among a crowd of people eating some food.
A man in a yellow shirt walking and drinking a beer.
The woman in purple sweatshirt speaks while her friend in green sweatshirt listens.
A black man with a pink shirt sits a bus stop smoking a cigarette.
A group of young ladies with signs are in the street protesting oil spill.
People in a street sharing their opinions on oil.
Homeless people sleeping on the street in front of a store.
A crowd of people at a carnival.
A bicyclist in orange shorts and green backpack passing through a busy street.
Two young children playing in the dirt with shovels.
An unusually dressed man with his unicycle and his unusually dressed partner.
An Asian woman is eating food with other people.
Two guys climb a tree for a better view of the water.
A person is jumping in the air, with snow on the ground and lots of trees in the background.
Two women are talking at a booth that is full of hats.
Two women visiting a wine sample table.
People standing in line of a beer and curry line.
The right corner is bent on the right side, it blue white and green.
A young man is selling ice pops and sodas wearing a sweater on his hips.
A group of people congregate in the street.
A group of people stand around a table of food while two people serve themselves.
An elderly man is working to sell bread to an elderly woman.
A young man with a white hat, and a black shirt, mixes fruit drinks for people.
People standing and walking around in front of a shopping area.
A woman is reaching for something in her bag as they stand in front of a food stand.
Band playing outside in front of group of people.
A foreign man wearing black and a brown hat is standing still in the middle of the sidewalk.
A woman in a white shirt walking down a sidewalk.
A group of men wearing hard hats and safety vests are standing on a large metal structure.
Bronislaw Komorowski's campaign sign floats above a McDonald's.
A group of people in white sports outfits are gathered together while one of them performs a dance.
Spectators watch a young boy dressed in traditional clothing while walking down a road.
A woman in a purple dress, holding a beer, walking in a huge crowd of people.
A fireman with a burning building in the background.
A man in a blue cap getting ready to photograph a scene.
A group of firefighters are walking down a street.
The people are on the beach viewing the beauty of the ocean using a telescope.
A fireman going under the red rope.
A group of firemen move about in a restricted area.
Some firemen have blocked off the street, and people watch behind the tape.
A woman wearing a purple dress with a blue backpack fixes her hair while wearing sunglasses
A man walks by a wall covered in graffiti.
Old man wearing black Barret and glasses looks at a newspaper as he walks by an old building.
Several news media workers are holding out microphones to two men.
A man wearing a fireman's coat and hat is looking down an opening.
A firefighter is outside in the city.
A man walking in the city next to a group of pigeons.
A firefighter is on the street looking down.
A group of people ride scooters and motorcycles on a street.
2 people preparing coffee at a shop.
A number of people standing on the sidewalk along side the front doors of a transit bus
Asian people wearing helmet waiting to buy food.
The firefighters are trying to get the car apart because something horrible happened.
A woman is standing outside of a building talking on her cellphone.
4 people canoe down a river in an old canoe that sits low in the water.
Two women, a man, and two dogs occupy a street corner.
A man walking down the pier scratching his back with a boat sailing in the background as the sun sets over the water.
A dark-haired man in a brown t-shirt walking on the street.
A man in a suit reclines on a bench in a bus stop enclosure.
Seven children around a cart which is full of brick
A man wearing sandal, walking down a wood path toward water carrying a towel and a beach bag.
A man is checking out a wall.
Two men and one woman hiker, all dressed in T-shirts and shorts, pose in front of a trail map in the snow.
A woman reading in the park with her shoes off.
People watching art which represents an invisible man made out of a black suit and had holding a rainbow colored umbrella.
Two people are sitting and enjoying some beverages.
A young boy in a blue jacket standing on a corner in front of THEFACESHOP.
A man wearing a suit is standing in a group of people.
A lady is standing looking at all the clothes on the ground.
A man has his carry-on and is looking at a list of flights at the airport.
A man is standing in the sand throwing a beanbag into a hole.
Two men wearing vests are holding smokey torches
My, my let's watch as the white and red car tips over.
Workers pull a template off a truck.
A woman in a red shirt and denim skirt takes a photograph of a sculpture that is surrounded by construction fences.
A man cleaning an object in the fountain.
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans is standing at a crosswalk across from a large building.
A woman and child are on their way to play tennis.
Two men in red shirts carrying a glass pane across a street crosswalk.
People are walking through a mall.
A man wearing an apron is cooking food in a kitchen.
A man with a orange jumpsuit is giving a presentation at a outdoor event.
A young child dressed in yellow dances among a group of people gathered outside.
The dog returns with the hunter's bird.
An elderly woman wearing a green dress is holding a cane and walking along a planked walkway.
A Lakers fan fest with people holding yellow Lakers flags.
A woman holds a man by the collar on a curbside as a bus approaches on the street.
A mother carries her child through a market on her back.
A young male wearing a white shirt with a character outlined very darkly.
A Muslim woman lies down in the desolate sands of a desert.
A man and a woman walk in front of a white pickup truck and a gray car.
Old man entertains his family by playing accordion
A man is sitting outside with his suitcase open playing the accordion.
A man in jeans pulling a suitcase.
A crowd of people sit in chairs outdoors, with a city scene and a bridge in the immediate background.
People eating under a striped red and white overhang.
Two people are shopping in a supermarket with international flags above their heads.
A view of people browsing a store aisle.
An old woman in a blue sweater and black dress sits on a bench.
A woman in black and high heels with a red bag is walking.
A woman with a blue jacket has lunch with a friend.
An old lady standing holding a camera.
A brown-skinned man in a green hooded sweatshirt and blue jeans is wearing headphones connected to a handheld device.
Two little girls wearing pink outfits dance together.
Costumed riders are riding saddled and bridled horses walking through tall green grasses.
People enjoy shopping fresh produce at a farmers market.
A woman is buying meat at a supermarket.
Numerous customers browsing for produce in a market.
Two people working in a bagel store, which is celebrating it's 20th anniversary.
Some people are looking at the selections in an indoor food court.
Workers in a kitchen at a restaurant are visible through a storefront window.
A man cooking in a kitchen.
A woman is viewing fresh meats and seafood at a deli in a grocery store.
Four people are browsing in a market.
Shoppers walking down an isle of a grocery store.
People shop for goods at a fruit stand.
Many people peruse open market of international food stocks.
Two women and a baby in a store.
A long-haired gentleman in shorts walking down the street with a cane.
A man grasping a white sheet of paper sits next to the harbor.
A man in a red shirt and shorts walks down the sidewalk past a Pizza Inn.
Many people are dancing at a large gathering at night.
A little girl with blond-hair dressed in a black tank top and a skirt watering outdoor plants with a hose.
A young boy is jumping off of a diving board.
A small group of people under a tree with a white pick-up truck in the background.
A street filled with people walking and riding bikes.
A group of children posing with their certificates.
A diverse group of passengers ride a tour bus down the street.
Several individuals are walking along a street in tennis shoes and shorts.
Many people with umbrellas are walking in the rain.
Nicely dressed woman pose for pictures or stand and talk, while passersby stroll by a fountain.
A couple embraces on a busy street.
A woman dials a cellphone while walking past a shop with a reflection in the window.
Female jogger runs along a river in a city.
A man wearing a helmet rides a bright red motorcycle in traffic.
A lady reading a book and a man are passing time on the subway.
An oriental woman washing something in a tub of water and soap.
Two friends enjoy ice cream on a nice day.
A gray-haired man with glasses and wearing a striped shirt shops for fruit
A person is placing car mats on the ground.
A light brown puppy wearing a muzzle stands upright against a woman with red nails.
A filled trashcan with graffiti on it.
A man is playing a set of drums on a city street.
Farmers line up and tend to their cattle.
A person in black shorts, while shirt and white hat, smiles in a crowd as she holds her bike.
People walking through a crowded market.
A person holds a bunch of balloons, many of which are of SpongeBob SquarePants.
A man with a red shirt cleaning a barbecue grill.
A black guy with dreadlocks is dancing along with other people.
Man serving beer from tap as woman stands by.
A rock band performing on a stage a guitarist, singer and a drummer
A man playing an instrument on stage.
A dark-haired man with a striped shirt sitting outside with a fruit cart to make beverages.
A child in a green shirt is in a crowded classroom.
A man in a jacket and hat takes a break from his acquaintance and his drink for a thumbs up
Girl in hat and sunglasses looking at something in the distance.
A black dog in front of a tree jumping towards a red Frisbee.
A girl is working with her trainer on a gymnastic bar.
A girl in a pink sundress pushes a scooter past a row of orange construction barrels.
Two young adults crossing the street using a crosswalk.
An older man is sitting on a bench in front of a grassy area.
A person is walking up outdoor stairs between two buildings.
A rescue employee getting ready to pry open a car which has flipped over
A man in a vehicle is pointing at something.
A little girl, dressed in pink and white with flowers in her hair, is standing outside touching her chest.
A man is sitting reading a book.
Three men sit on top of a green tank.
A man in the street staring at a cart.
Two men are sitting on camp chairs while reading or studying.
A person collecting flowers in a silver bowl.
Aerial view of pedestrians walking on the sidewalk of a street in a busy part of town with trees in the median.
A person working at a food cart.
There is a man fishing on a bridge.
Colorful signs with Asian characters light up an alley at night.
A group of people protesting with signs saying, "stop killing in Iran."
They are dancing in the streets topless.
The man in the green checkered shirt is eating something.
A lively group of civilians are in the city.
A band is playing on a stage with purple spotlights.
A man works on a construction project outside of a building.
A man with a blue hat is standing next to some bikes and a crowd of people.
People watching a soccer game at the local watering hole.
People are sitting outside of a cafe eating and drinking.
A woman is in a liquor store.
People sit on the pier at the edge of the water.
Food vendor walks his cart of food down a road.
People are sitting on benches on a sidewalk surrounded by trees with a view of city buildings.
A door greater is standing at an open door to a building.
People are walking along a brick-paved street that is lined with shops under a cloudy sky.
A group of bar patrons enjoy the soccer game.
Cyclists ride through a forest while onlookers cheer.
They are biking in the streets.
A biker in white clothes takes his hands off the handlebar in the middle of a forested road.
A group of cyclists biking down a road.
Eight people are on an escalator going up or down.
People walking along the sidewalk on a cold day.
Two women in bikini tops and shorts are walking by a lake with two men.
A man in a red shirt looks at a fallen tree.
4 members of a band are playing together outside on a sidewalk.
Street musicians in red robes playing on the sidewalk.
A woman is walking away on a wooden walkway through a field of golden plants.
An older woman walks in the rain holding a red umbrella over her.
Asian man wearing a white shirt and gray pants standing with a microphone near a loudspeaker.
A man is having a conversation while a line of individuals move behind him.
A woman is holding coffee and her cellphone and appears to be looking for someone.
A band is playing music on stage.
Lone person in a canoe, holding a rope, enjoying the scenery of the blue mountains and glassy water.
A female with sunglasses is talking on her cellphone.
A blue boat moves down a canal lined with red, orange and white homes.
A woman in a black miniskirt riding an orange bike.
A crowd is standing on a road in between tall buildings.
A bicyclist is calling someone or checking his text messages.
A young man greeting his supporters before a big karate fight hosted in his town
A child with blond curly hair crying.
Four members of a band are performing on stage.
A man in a tie on a street.
A black girl and white girl walking hand and hand in a busy area of a city with a public train in the background.
A jean baseball cap with the Tommy Hilfiger logo.
A teenage blond girl talks on her cellphone as wind blows her hair into her face.
A woman wearing a backpack and glasses is standing on a street.
A woman in high heels and a short skirt stands against a brick wall on a sidewalk.
A man on a bridge holds a blue object over the rail.
A group of men are organizing an activity on a grassy field.
A man practices karate moves in silhouette with a backdrop of a colorful beach sunset.
A man with a orange hat holding a stick is talking to a man wearing sunglasses and wearing a striped shirt.
A policeman is leaning on his motorcycle while people are watching.
A group of people sit and stare at computer terminals in a large, slender room.
Two women wait at a Downtown train station.
A man in a long white shirt stands in the street.
Young girl enjoys herself as she is sprayed with a sprinkler
A man holding a guitar with his fist in the air.
A tattooed woman carries her belongings in a green backpack.
A man and a woman are sitting at a table outside, next to a small flower garden.
A well dressed man stretching food from a pot in a restaurant setting.
A older woman kneeling down with a bucket inside a blue house.
An older man wearing glasses is holding the door open of a red minivan.
There is a lady and a man sitting on a bench talking and watching people.
A woman raises her hand as a bus passes by.
A bald man leaning on a building with a young girl crouching and holding a bottle of liquid.
Yellow banners with a black lion print are hung across some trees in a sun-lit neighborhood.
The woman in the bridal dress is standing on the brick walkway.
A young man is playing in the fountain.
A man in interesting clothes, consisting of a feathered hat, cape, and an embellished cane, sits on a bench outside a building.
A large lady and an elderly lady are waiting at a bus stop.
A black man in a blue suit is talking on a cellphone while smoking.
A woman is protesting against pollution.
Excited couple jump as high as they can while they enjoy the view of the mountains.
A man wearing a gray suit is delivering a speech.
A girl in a ethereal, blue costume holding a decorated hula hoop gazes intently into the camera.
Shirtless man laying on a towel in the grass.
A man, in black tight pants, sits down leaning against the wall of a white building.
A young child looking at a toy railroad setup.
A woman in a white dress crouches in a crowd of people.
Three women shopping for clothes and a sign that states "5 euro".
A young woman is stroking the white rabbit that is sitting on her leg.
A man walks by a portrait of a man on the wall
A man carrying a baby is walking with a woman holding a sun umbrella.
An old lady next to a mural remember that dead
A small girl dressed in a white smock with pink balloons is holding a candle lantern.
Four people are in water talking with mountains in the background.
A woman wearing a white dress riding a bicycle.
A woman wearing a white dress walking by an Eastern European sign.
Two scantily clad women are kissing in a crowd of people.
Two Asian men in white robes are praying.
Several men sit outside on brick ledges built around tall trees.
An oriental couple walks by a hallway in a museum of art.
An elderly outdoor market vegetable vendor sits with his wares and reads a newspaper.
Three vikings walking on the boardwalk.
A young girl wearing a black t-shirt with necklaces and bracelets walks near an outdoor cafe.
A woman posing with a large fish hanging from a hook.
Two men are sitting in their seats with a girl between them.
Two young kids are playing some kind of a game
A crowd of people are standing outside a white train with multiple entrances.
Wet children playing in a park fountain
Two police officers are talking to two men who have a robot.
A man with a can walks past a painting of a construction scene.
A woman in a bikini is laying on a blanket on a dock over the water.
A woman in a halter top walking with her friends.
A crowd sports the colors red, black and yellow on the painted faces and clothing while waving flags of the same color.
A brown and black dog shaking the water of himself
A young boy in a striped shirt is playing with twigs in a grassy field.
Two lesbians having a great time getting wet.
A worker in a pizza store waiting to get customers.
A police officer is standing with his arms crossed.
About 16 men dressed in police uniforms are gathered in the middle of a city street.
Male magician doing a trick in front of an audience.
Three women are dancing and playing music in a group.
A group of people gather in an urban environment.
A man with long dreadlocks is stopped by two men in blue uniforms.
A man looks on while his female companion covers her face with a napkin.
A man in a cowboy hat prepares hotdogs on the street.
Man with ice cream cart standing against a wall.
A girl and two boys dressed in bright ethnic garb are walking together.
A group of four men carry a statue.
A man in yellow red flowery dress is playing guitar
A rodeo cowboy is riding a rambunctious horse.
Two men and a woman do yoga in a living room.
A woman sits on a bench in front of an elephant display in a museum.
A woman in a tank top and jeans rides her bike along a road.
An older man is giving a younger man a haircut.
The man in the teal tank top is washing his face with water from a wooden bowl.
A couple watching a show at a restaurant.
A young man in short, shorts is in the middle of a large crowd on his cellphone.
A man with a cart full of rice smokes on the street.
A woman is breastfeeding a child in what appears to be a march.
Man inspects sausage inside a deli.
A young couple are at the beginning of playing Jenga on a living room coffee table.
Police wearing gas masks kneel before the ground.
A man is holding his shirt into a fountain in a park.
Dark-haired man sits on blue chair looking at laundry machines.
A little Asian girl in a floral dress is standing in the doorway and holding a teddy bear and a snack.
A woman is holding a red umbrella and a fan.
A bald man wearing black using a fan made of feathers, walking down the street.
A man with a painted face, wearing women's swimwear, and riding a bicycle.
A man in a blue shirt poses on the street in front of police in riot gear.
The man in the white T-shirt is speaking at a podium.
Two men sitting at a counter looking into magnifying glasses at the same time.
People are walking down the street on a sunny day.
A girl with a purple mohawk and a red tank top is pointing and talking to a shirtless guy outside of a building.
A man is dressed up in a black polka dotted hat and cape.
Several figures in dress shirts and ties stare out the window of a brick building.
A man is playing with a child.
A child is dressed up in costume and holding a trident.
A blond women crosses the street in business attire.
A man in a blue shirt is holding a sign asking for work.
Officers standing outside a shop.
A woman is dancing and a man is holding an oar.
A woman in a purple skirt is dancing.
A woman wearing a grass skirt and flowers in her hair holds a pitcher.
An older man picking flowers.
A man sits in front of a fruit cart waving at someone.
A woman shades herself from the sun with her umbrella.
Two men and a woman are sitting on a bench, near water.
A flower girl is posing in a doorway.
An elderly couple sits with their dog in a green field by the shore.
An oriental lady posing wearing a black bra and holding a handkerchief.
Two Indian style dancing ladies with their backs to the camera are in a synchronized pose.
A group of kids hiking on a trail.
A young couple are outside among many other people and the young lady is holding a champagne or wine bottle.
Three adults are farming in front of a metal fence.
A man is standing on a busy sidewalk wearing a Brazil shirt and waving a Brazil flag.
Three old men are sitting down talking.
The sunlight shining in from outside gives an ordinary Indian woman a moment of clarity.
A woman is hugging a shirtless man.
Two dark headed women sit on gray steps behind a gray fence.
A couple walk their Dachshund past a wall with graffiti on it.
A young girl in blue shirt and denim shorts, pulling on a rope, standing in a pit of mud.
A young girl playing on a playground.
While in Switzerland, a man in a blue sweater waits forlornly and has a beer.
People standing near a large metalized object reflecting a city skyline.
A man and a woman are kneeling outside, drawing a large portrait on the concrete of a woman holding a baby
A person in a blue shirt is sleeping in an ancient monument.
Two women are participating in part of a dragon dance.
Many people gathered outside, sitting on benches and in grass.
Two young men wearing sunglasses and white polo shirts are standing outdoors looking at newspapers.
A shirtless man reads the sports section of a newspaper.
A man walks a dog on the side of an empty road.
A street that is full of shops.
Two police officers question a seated man in front of a subway train.
A man sticking a metal rod into a river of lava.
Girl standing in the back of trailer smiling as she moves hay.
Emergency medical technicians work to help a man.
A lady walking two dogs in front of a wall with a beach drawn on it
A giant pair of glasses sitting outside a building.
A city street corner with two passing bicyclists and several pedestrians.
A man is carrying a bag in his left hand.
A lady in a black and red outfit jumping over a lady in a black dress playing an instrument.
A large crowd walking the city streets at nighttime.
A girl is selling iced tea with fresh lemons and mint.
A little girl, all in pink, smiles at the camera from her place on the white carpet.
Two young people in shorts and t-shirts play basketball in an urban outdoor court.
A man on a ladder is power washing a building.
Girl in tank top and pants swinging on a log swing.
Photographers taking pictures of things around them.
A man is shooting fire from his mouth while holding a torch.
A red sign reading "ARRIVO" is hanging above a street.
A small black and brown dog is jumping on a large orange dog.
Woman with red umbrella walking in a city.
Blond-haired woman in a purple sweater eats a chocolate ice cream cone.
People wearing bathing suits on a wet surface.
A man with a hat on is reading behind a woman in a heavy coat.
One young girl reads a book to another.
A homeless man is walking down the street with a cigarette in his mouth.
A man in jeans and a black shirt waits at a park bench.
A deserted roadway with a man in a red shirt jogging in the distance.
A young girl wearing sunglasses sits among a crowd.
An african american female in a silver knee length skirt walking.
This is a woman in a yellow shirt carrying a brown purse.
A young woman is playing a stringed instrument in a public place.
A girl in black t-shirt and blue jeans walking on the pathway.
Three women and a man are walking with a child.
A woman talks on her cellphone while standing near a brick wall.
A woman with an orange shirt selling vegetables on the street.
Four people are wearing life jackets on a motorboat on still waters.
A girl in jean shorts and a floral blue and green shirt listens to her iPod.
Vendors sell various goods under large colorful umbrellas.
A group of power workers at the site of a car crash.
A woman in a yellow shirt and blue jean pants walking.
Two women in stylish clothes walking down the street.
A woman carrying a large stack of wooden crates.
Three woman out on the lawn of a park area holding exercise poses.
A man wearing blue jeans is laying down with his head on his bookbag.
An asian teenager wearing a white shirt with black stripes is sitting on the steps with his face resting on his hand.
An event is taking place outside.
A group of people in an office setting sitting in a circle.
A girl and a boy walking on stones.
A man with a hat but no shirt attaches something to a building's roof.
Several video cameras lined up behind a concrete wall.
A young woman with silly green glasses on and a confused look on her face sits at a table under a tree.
The magician is doing a magic trick.
A man is helping his daughter with her shoes, by a swimming pool.
A female tennis player dressed in all white concentrating on the game.
A man with brown hair walking his bicycle across the street.
A girl stands in a dimly lit area.
A woman wearing a black shirt and blue jeans standing on a sidewalk
A woman with white sunglasses is laughing.
One lady is standing next to a sun filled building with columns.
People are standing around a table outside.
A man shucking corn while his son watches television.
A man wearing a Canadian flag at a celebration.
She is jumping into the bubbly pool with her bright pink swim shirt on.
Firefighters respond to the scene of a motorcycle accident.
A bald middle-aged man in a tank top is purchasing something from an elderly woman's table at a yard sale.
A cameraman is on the sidewalk filming someone dressed in a suit.
This Nanny is being attentive to the two children seen in the picture, and has two other strollers close as well.
A woman wearing a bonnet looks at a wine bottle.
A young black man in a gray shirt holding up a sign on a crowded city street.
Some people sitting in a outside chinese restaurant eating.
A very colorful, full store in a mall, called breeze but has party supplies.
Three levels of a mall with colored strings hanging.
Two women, one wearing a red, white and blue bikini pose for a picture on a city's street.
Women are talking to an older woman in very little clothing.
A large amount of people sit outside some sort of water related event with Canadian flags.
People in red Canadian jerseys sit on a fountain.
An older woman in a gray two-piece outfit is juggling tennis balls.
People who are all deck out in Canadian colors are eating food at a Canadian festival.
A young toddler in an orange t-shirt is riding in a stroller.
A redheaded girl is eating a potato chip.
There are people walking down a sidewalk in a Japanese city.
A group takes in an area decorated in asian culture.
Several people walk on a sidewalk next to a tall structure with a mural painted on it.
Observers stare at a giant christmas tree on the sidewalk.
People are walking near a sidewalk display that is in front of a shop.
Three children are standing outside with a bird flying by.
A woman in a polka dotted shirt waits for a safe moment to cross the street.
Men and women are standing on a street corner.
Photo of a street in chinatown section of US city
A few men and kids walking down an oriental side street.
People wait at a crosswalk next to a traffic light.
Two people are walking in a metropolitan area near tall buildings with signs.
The economy is shacking and affecting China.
People are walking into a store.
A man wearing shorts looks at his cellphone while a woman walks outside a small building.
A subway tunnel with people around it
An oriental man wearing a messenger bag riding a bicycle on an oriental street.
A man aiming a camera at something above a street.
Holding his camera over his head, a man takes a picture, while others sit nearby.
Several Asian people on the street are looking up and holding cameras to record something.
A lady wearing jeans and a tank top and carrying an umbrella is riding her bicycle across a street.
People are walking on a sidewalk beside a set of stairs
An Asian man with a blue shirt and brown pants rides a motorcycle.
An older man walks in a park with two ice cream cones.
A movie poster of a man in blue holding a woman in red outside a theater
Chinese New Year is celebrated at the mall.
A young girl in colorful leggings is carrying a brightly colored flag in a parade.
People are playing soccer on the grass.
Two young people are standing in the doorway of a room filled with pink, white, and red balloons.
A man and a woman in suits are walking in front of a wall.
2 rows of woman walking towards each other on the sidewalk outside of a store with a boy 50 % sign on the golden framed windows.
A man, wearing a black hat, carving a design into wood.
A scene in a street, where one has shopping bags and the other is asking for directions.
A man sits on the ground under a sign.
Two girls are walking down the street looking at items in the store windows.
A young man wearing blue carries equipment across a street.
A lady sits in a chair, in front of a graffiti covered wall with a cart full of bags.
An old man sitting in a parked street cleaner opens the door.
A boy dressed in blue racing coveralls sits on a soccer ball on a concrete picnic bench.
A man in a rural location working to sheer a sheep.
An elderly man stands on a ladder tending the leaves of a tree.
Two clowns are standing along side a woman.
A young boy on a harness climbs up a boulder.
Two black females walking in new york city.
The woman in the white dress looks very uncomfortable in the busy surroundings.
An old women sitting on a bench.
A man carries his jacket as he walks by some ornate graffiti on a wall.
A bicyclists drive by a building covered in graffiti.
A classic propeller-driven airplane flies in the distance as two men play with a remote-controlled toy airplane in a field in the foreground.
Two older men out in a field about to fly a toy warplane.
There are 6 young men playing basketball in blue and white uniforms, while people look on from the stands.
A man working on a small model airplane.
A man in a blue windbreaker is playing with his yellow remote controlled airplane.
Old man in jeans and checkered shirt is helping a model airplane fly.
While shielding their eyes, patient onlookers await the arrival of the solar eclipse.
Two older people standing near a model airplane in a field.
A person in a large field plays with a model airplane.
Three men in a field with model airplanes.
The guy wearing sunglasses and a hat is singing into a microphone.
Young man on a sofa fingers a large electronic keyboard device.
A girl in a green tank top is feeding pigeons.
A man walks along side a young girl riding a bicycle.
Several people are drinking and talking at an outdoor table of a restaurant.
A man standing with a glass in his hand and a white hat.
An older man is walking in a large grassy area with a small plane in the background about to land.
Beautiful colorful costumes shown in an Indian Parade.
People are walking and there is a woman dressed in a black dress and black hood and birds are on the steps.
Someone sitting still on an orange motorcycle on a crosswalk, wearing a black vest and helmet.
Three children are walking past a parking garage, one of them is on a bike.
People standing at a train station waiting for the train.
A woman wearing a white dress and carrying a floral purse has a large fairy tattoo on her back.
A white dog swims with a stick.
A white male wearing denim coveralls and a white baseball cap watches two men who are sitting on buckets play music in front of a store that sells wigs.
A man and a woman are jumping into the air excitedly on a wooden footbridge.
Here is a picture of a man walking alone by the ocean pier.
Several women dressed in burkas and a child in an orange shirt out walking in a public space.
Two teenagers at a skate park in the middle of the rain.
People are walking, sitting, and standing outside of a department store.
A man focused on playing his acoustic guitar on a sidewalk.
Two young women walking down the street on a warm day.
Two females (in blue and bright orange shirt respectively) taking a stroll.
A man walks off of a bridge in front of a large orange building.
A little baby girl in a blue top and cap sitting in the grass licking her fingers.
A woman in eclectic garb draws on another woman's hand.
Many people seem to be taking a picture.
A group of people in swimwear are standing in a field covered in tents.
A group of young people take a silly picture in front of a camel statue outside.
Young boy holding sunglasses and wearing a bathing suit.
A group of men performing as a band outside of a building.
A man standing on a green boat.
Three women walking down a tunnel while a seated man watches them.
A woman is reading a book on the subway.
Two people are standing while others are walking or rushing by.
A man and woman sit on steps outdoors having a conversation.
Three Chinese woman and one man are performing a dance for an audience.
Reenactment of old fashion waltzing with costumes - 3 couples
A young boy with blond-hair and blue eyes stands amidst a truck bed of watermelons while family members stand in the background.
People are walking together on a street.
Five individuals, three females and two males, are performing a dance in period costume wear outside.
A woman sitting on some steps smokes a cigarette while accessing her laptop.
A little child in red pants and a black kimino like top is walking.
Two kids playing on a pebble beach by the water
Two people ride a motorbike on a road in front of stores.
Two women cross a street in front of a motorized bike with two passengers.
Two people converse on a park bench in the background of a box of memorabilia for sale.
A man and a woman wearing old Victorian era costumes greet each other.
Man wearing black takes a nap in a green park.
Men are laying the foundation to a building.
Two women walking by a building with a large American flag and a man standing in an orange shirt.
Three police officers guarding a store.
People wait patiently in the crowd by the firetruck as they are directed by the fireman.
A crowd is watching fireworks at night.
A young boy in a gray t-shirt aims a gun attached to a truck.
Kids in t-shirts stand on a wet deck.
A man in an orange shirt with an orange ladder next to a brick wall.
A woman with red-hair, wearing a black flower dress is kneeling down beside some luggage looking at a cellphone.
A large group of people crossing a city street.
Woman near a shopping cart walking past a duck.
A colored couple rides bicycles with white wall tires along a city street.
Two ladies in large sunhats walk down the street.
Many people are sitting side by side on a low cement wall that separates a street from storefronts.
A woman is enjoying a drink on a crowded street.
Six men sit in front of a dock, four of them wearing blue.
A woman outside sun-bathing on a blanket in a bikini.
Three friends stand by the river and talk about old stories.
Two women are sitting next to a staircase covered in graffiti.
A man standing watching a computer screen in a store.
2 men in white coats are looking on in a Chinese restaurant.
A duck standing on a sidewalk with an Asian woman and her two sons walking towards it.
An elderly woman sitting in the window of a stone building
A man and a woman wearing a hijab stand on a bridge as a ship passes in the distance.
Two people talk next to a flag with an eye illustration.
The elderly bus driver opening the door for a passenger who needs to get off.
A woman in a yellow shirt walking by a parking lot.
A man in yellow is about to take a puff of his cigar as his wife watches.
A man is taking a picture of a woman on a crowded street.
People line up and wait for the security guard to allow them into an event.
A man wearing sunglasses and a plaid shirt playing a guitar.
Two people, a man and a woman, are on a stage at a band.
A young couple hang out together.
Three young men row an air-filled raft down a concrete-sided waterway.
A small band plays at a bistro.
A firemen team sprays a burning and smoking car with a hose on an intersection.
People watching other people perform on stage.
Three people sitting on a bus each doing something different.
A woman with a backpack is standing next to a bicycle.
A woman wearing a black shirt is blowing a kiss.
A homeless women is sleeping in front of an altar.
One person is wearing a green shirt while sleeping on the sidewalk while another person wearing black pants is sleeping on the stairs.
A large woman sitting in front of the Beatle story exhibit.
A boy carries a large bag on his head from a van.
A cowboy is falling off a horse at a rodeo.
A man that has a mohawk is at a market with a buggy in hand.
A man and a woman dressed in bright orange attire
Six black police officers, a white policewoman and white policeman stand outside.
A father reading a picture book to his young daughter.
A man and a woman are jumping from a pier into a lake.
Man holding a blue sash that is around a woman wearing a black robe.
A gas station name m&amp;h with gas the price of $ 2.52.
A blond girl in a swing wearing Crocs.
Black male vendor staying cool under his white umbrella waiting for customers.
A man playing a keyboard in an empty subway station.
A man with a white shirt and glasses is sitting on the ground.
Many woman hold up a sign reading "impeach".
A group of people stand near a tree playing instruments.
A man sitting on a silver pole on the sidewalk overlooking the street.
People are walking down a narrow street that is lined with cars.
A man holds up a "free hugs" sign above his head.
A man in a bike and a man approaching him talking to him and in the surroundings there are lots of bikes
A group of young adults is lounging around on the sidewalk outside a building's entrance.
A group of Asian people are crowded onto a floor resting.
Three people are using a homemade cart to carry water from a well
Three men sitting next to each other looking off to the side.
An average looking man is playing the guitar.
A crowd of women and men gather under umbrellas in the street.
A brunette woman is painting large mural on the ground.
A man vacuuming near a toddler in a soft green painted room.
An older woman looking at herself through a mirror.
A man in a dark wetsuit surfing in a blue watered ocean.
Three boys and a mom at the harbor.
A woman id decorating a bead to be placed with the others.
A woman practices weaving on a traditional loom.
A spotted dog is putting its mouth up to a toddler's face who receives the attention with a scrunched up face.
The teen rode his bike around the people walking in the courtyard.
A woman with headphones holding a pen and paper while her feet are propped up on fence.
An aerial shot of a small boy carrying a soccer ball.
Two young ladies, one blond talking on the cellphone, one brunette texting, are walking on the summer street.
A smiling man wearing a football jersey is carrying a stack of video games.
A boy is playing on a jungle gym with a basketball in front of him.
A man dressed in black dances with a woman in a red dress outside.
A girl in a blue Hollister shirt walking down the street with two Forever 21 bags.
A young boy climbing up a rope of some playground toy.
A bunch of kids and adults playing with different colored balls on a rock sidewalk.
A man is playing a drum in a marching band.
A man with a black shirt and blue shorts stands in the doorway of a storefront.
A woman working on her computer reading.
A woman with dark red-hair and a black hat looking at art in a gallery.
Ethnic woman from behind with blue flower shirt and red fabric in her braided hair.
Three people on two separate motorcycles pass one another on what appears to be a race in Asia.
Several men dressed in blue uniforms march.
A flock of people walking down an ancient street.
A man in blue jogs in front of a mural.
A woman stands along a street, hidden by her parasol.
A shirtless man wades in smooth blue water.
A man riding his bicycle with a red and white umbrella has his picture taken by a crowd.
A tourist is taking pictures of a cyclist with an umbrella.
Two men are trying to plow some dirt, behind a red motorcycle.
Man with camera and bag walking up stairs
A man wearing a yellow helmet with his visor up rides a red motorbike.
A man near a Hawaiian sign.
A Japanese couple in kimonos walk down the street on a rainy day.
Two Asian woman standing wearing kimonos, while smiling.
Seven people, three sitting and four standing, look at framed poster art in a gallery.
People looking at an art exhibit.
Row of people sitting at a bar stool table looking out a glass wall.
A man with his guitar plays on the street for tips.
A blond girl with an instrument on her back wearing a gray tank top, gray shorts and ripped nylons with a bike.
A man is sitting on a bench with his feet on a skateboard.
A girl heads into the pool while others chat at the side.
An elderly woman sits on the steps of a large monument.
A brunet man is kissing a crying baby.
An older man sweeping the street.
A woman in a white dress is holding a blue umbrella in the rain.
An elderly black man pushes his bike along a city sidewalk.
A young man in a red shirt dries a white car with two cloths.
A group of people are standing around near a building.
A boy in a black hoodie is sitting on a step that says, "moose RVS."
A couple of people crossing the street.
A male figure wearing a black shirt and jeans is strumming a guitar while holding the pick with his mouth.
Two women walking and waving flags on an almost empty city street.
Runners participate in a marathon on closed city streets.
One of the wrestlers has pinned his opponent.
A woman is having her cigarette lit by a man out of the frame.
Taking a nap in the park with friends.
Children gather in a large room to watch an organized performance.
A man and a woman with headbands are talking to kids with their hands raised.
A group of people are on a boat in the water.
Three men are sitting outside on chairs with red seats.
Three people going up an escalator and a man with a shopping cart coming down the escalator.
A woman is putting a ribbon in a little girl's hair.
Two men and a boy standing in front of a brick building look up.
A lady with a green dress is using a microphone.
A group of three bald men in red sitting on a railing, smoking and talking.
A woman and a man, outside, enjoying each others company.
Three windsurfers ride the waves in a choppy body of water.
A baby lays on a blanket beneath a woman.
Several people are congregating near an area with a tree, lots of bicycles and some debris, including old tires.
A man in a jacket depicting the Canadian maple leaf watches a concert.
A young Asian boy is waving a sparkler around at night.
A man paints a large mural on the ground.
Bearded man sitting on a bench next to a boat.
Three women wearing sleeveless shirts are busy working on something.
Two women both wearing white shirts and black pants, one smoking sitting on a fixture on the sidewalk.
A woman is wearing sunglasses and smiling.
A large group of Asian people posing for a picture with a storm trooper
People are standing outside of a small shopping store.
Two women in long dresses and head coverings are buying from a merchant.
A little boy is watching fireworks outside at night.
A group of blond-haired white boys looking lost as they walk down the street.
A black man wearing a white, collared button-down is sewing.
A woman in a black dress plays a ukulele and sings while a hat wearing man accompanies her with a pair of maracas and a drum in the background.
A group of people going on a carriage ride through a park.
A man with two children wearing life vests are in a swimming pool.
A happy little girl rides on the merry-go-round.
A woman walks by a wall that has a road, flowers, skunk and a snake painted onto it.
Two young ladies sit in a living room with mauve chairs and eat snacks.
A woman sits on a bench underneath a sphinx sculpture.
A man walking while holding roses.
Three women standing in the water beside a beach.
A hiker in a green shirt is looking in to a valley from a steep cliff.
A black and white dog is playing with a golf ball in the sand.
A fisherman takes some quiet time waiting for a catch.
A man leans against a statue in front of a building.
A blond girl in a purple shirt and plaid shorts playing with a string toy.
A street spray paint artist is creating new work while showing his art.
A man walking down a deserted street, shown from the ground.
A man with a camera is engaging another man in conversation on a street.
A baby in a purple and yellow bouncer is crying.
Two children play in water falling from a mosaic covered spout.
Man crammed into a phone booth wearing a pink shirt.
A Japanese couple walks past a woman wearing a scarf on her head while walking down the street.
A newborn baby is helped by doctors.
One girl is eating a green apple outside while another looks into the distance.
Woman in white shirt looks at couches in front of a graffiti covered building.
A young man is looking around a corner while holding his phone in his hands.
Two people walk down a mountain path.
An unidentified curved street with three people walking away from the camera.
The two people are coming out of grill shop.
A British royal guard on patrol outside a stone building.
An asian man moving carts on the sidewalk to their destination.
Local Muslims celebrate the opening of a new restaurant sponsored by Channel 1 news.
People brace themselves on a carnival ride.
A group of people gathering in front of a clothing store.
A man with a mask and various pieces of clothing.
Old world stone houses and streets look lovely in the background, and faint person can be seen walking.
A woman and an older man participate on a ride together.
Two men covered in red paint or blood on a busy sidewalk.
People dressed as zombies are parading.
Five individuals in pretending to be zombies and one infant.
People are walking in a city street.
A woman in a short red dress and costume wings is walking in a public fountain.
A lady is wearing a pink cowboy hat.
A woman with a red-hair tie and black polka-dot top holding a bottle of water.
A woman wearing a multicolored sundress is walking with a man wearing a black t-shirt and wearing shades.
An aged woman cradles her hand-rolled cigarette as she smokes.
Young woman wearing striped shirt rock climbing.
The person with the red long-sleeved shirt is climbing a rock in the snow.
Asian woman in purple stands there in a foreign place.
A woman in shorts and knee-high socks is walking down the sidewalk.
A man is walking with a cane.
A bicycle cop or security guard is riding in front of an Outback Steakhouse.
People are acting like a zombies.
Man with star tattoo wearing black t-shirt and shorts admiring art displayed outside.
The man with the red tie is making faces.
A man in a purple shirt and a black hat is taking a picture with a yellow digital camera
A man takes a picture of a bird in the water.
A man in a white shirt and dark pants is walking down a street.
Two men are conversing together dressed in traditional clothing.
Asian man in blue Asian robe dancing in front of Asian musicians in blue.
A man with a beard in a white robe about to eat something.
A man and a woman in a shawl sit down in front of a body of water.
A lady being arrested by a lady cop.
A man and woman sitting outside a shop next to an empty road.
A few people wandering around an old crumbling part of a city.
A man and woman in a parlor walking into a hallway.
A woman stands in front of a building.
An older woman in a kimono is listening to something with headphones.
Two kids with black hair eating with chopsticks.
A boy and girl play in a city fountain.
A man is standing on top of a bridge working.
A white man is seen in a swimming pool floating above many floating devises.
A woman in boots stands under her umbrella talking on the phone.
A black man is standing with one leg on a short wall talking on his cellphone.
A girl in a black shirt is watching a chemical reaction.
A group of kids stand outside on a street.
A woman picking through her child's hair.
A man in a red hat carries a black overnight bag, while another in a cowboy hat follows him.
Woman walking up the stairs in a art gallery.
A woman stands in a crowd wearing a green shirt, pink backpack, and a mexican flag attached to the bag.
A boy holding a sponge and washing dishes.
A man is standing behind a black gate.
A woman with purple hair is beside a man.
College aged students playing in a puddle of water, most dressed in red.
A woman sleeping on a bench in a swimsuit.
An action shot of a drummer in a plaid shirt going to town on a drum kit in front of a hedge.
Two toddlers and a younger man enjoy their bottles.
A man is running down a sand covered mountain.
A man leans against a pillar while reading a book
Three men travel through water on a motorized inflatable raft.
Woman wearing white with a baby in her lap.
A woman wearing a scarf and gloves and with her face painted walks past.
A mustachioed man plays the accordion on the street.
A woman orders ice cream from a man in white.
Many dark-haired people gathered for something.
A man and woman are standing on top of a structure.
An older man is standing alone on a sidewalk at night.
Two men are looking at a floor that is being repaired.
Men are standing around a small train outside.
A male in a green striped tank top skateboarding.
A smiling construction worker kneeling down.
A boy in yellow is riding a scooter on the street.
A young guy playing for an audience.
A man stands on the side of a street in a doorway.
Two women in soccer uniforms playing soccer.
A boy in a white shirt does a trick on his skateboard at a skate park.
A small boy runs in a large field of grass.
Two dogs are running side by side in the field.
An old man is sitting on the sidewalk playing his acoustic guitar.
A man in a helmet does a jump on his bike.
A man in medieval armor rides atop a horse.
A man in a blue tank top doing pastel artwork on the sidewalk.
A older man walking down the street.
A Latino man leans on one of the coolers in his food stand.
A young boy enjoys the cool water.
A young man in a black shirt and jeans and carrying a case for a musical instrument is crossing a street.
Two women sit on a bench next to a bronze statue.
A man and a woman greeting each other on bikes in front of a building.
Injured lady sitting and resting her leg on a walker
An upset girl sits on a log, head in hands, in front of a bicycle lodged in a tree.
A formally attired couple find an informal moment in the fountain.
A group of people on a dock with a boat on the other side of the dock.
A driver is staring out her car window at a cat in the street.
A man in a black vest is whispering in the ear of a smiling girl.
A group of people are standing behind a fence, many are taking photographs.
A middle-aged haggard looking redhead in a white shirt and silver necklace, is listening on a yellow phone.
People are standing around watching for something.
Woman in long blue dress leaning over near white bucket on the side of a street.
A baby girl is asleep on someone's shoulder.
Men in white garments carry an object on their shoulders.
Two men are at work in construction.
Blond woman in a black skirt business outfit interacting with a customer service woman.
Lady walking through rows of children.
A man is walking in front of a pink hotel holding a yellow bag.
A man in a green tank top holding his stomach.
A teenage girl wearing a t-shirt and bathing suit bottom jumps into a body of water.
A soldier is teaching kids how to handle a gun.
People gather around in a street while a man in a hat sits in a chair.
A main shorts digs in the snow on a sunny afternoon.
A man is shoveling snow while wearing shorts and a pink shirt.
A small child wearing pink stands in a doorway.
An elderly man, holding a package is standing in front of a sign that has a girl with headphones.
A man on a scooter and a red shirt is looking back.
People are gathered at some kind of shop on the side of the street.
Women sitting at a table with a small fire.
A man in a hat turning and smiling towards the camera.
A crowd waves red and yellow flags.
Two women in white tops stand near a man and a woman with luggage on the sidewalk.
A crowded street with pedestrians being directed by police and barriers.
A man stands on the back of a trash truck.
People walking along the street with umbrellas.
Children at maybe, at their School, or maybe, a Field trip.
Three people are staring at a small painting.
A man walking across the street on the road that says "keep clear".
Two people are in the ocean.
Men on a bike transporting various sizes of metal buckets.
A large crane demolishes a structure while a person standing nearby on an elevated platform squirts water from a hose.
Four women standing with backs toward viewer, either with bikini tops or tank tops on.
A young adult is throwing a softball to home base.
Two young boys in uniforms eating rice with their hands while sitting on the ground.
Two women, one in traditional Mexican clothing, help a child across the street, as a man looks on.
A girl in a blue dress standing next to a wooden post on sidewalk.
A child and woman on the street in traditional garb.
A man in a t-shirt holds an infant, who is reaching for his face.
A barefoot woman reads a book along the water.
Two Muslim men wearing head wraps walking in a city.
A fan at a soccer game is wearing a curly red wig.
A woman wearing bright colored clothing walks past a jeep cherokee that's behind a fence.
Two men are looking across the water in a small boat.
A man in overalls and gloves is laying underneath a truck.
People walk down a brick road lined with cars.
A man in a wheelchair is being pushed towards a monk.
A man is reading a newspaper.
People looking at the beach and a woman in a wine top taking a picture.
Lady in white dress with tattooed leg looks at friend's camera.
Two men protesting with signs outside of a Convention center that has a sign that says "eXXXotica Miami Beach".
Two men in jeans are walking near a large stone wall.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue jeans is walking a dog.
A woman in a white dress is riding a bicycle.
A sidewalk scene with a girl in white shirt biting her thumb.
A young man with a backpack and blue sunglasses is crossing the street.
A short-haired man in a white shirt and khaki pants walks forward past a black car, holding a white notebook.
A man in a white shirt and tie walking across the street.
A woman with wavy short red-hair and glasses wearing a tan sleeveless shirt is walking down a street.
Group of people walk through a mall or train station.
Seated black man in business suit gestures with hands while white man listens.
One man wearing a red shirt is kissing another man.
A man is using spray paint on a wall mural.
A building has multiple balconies with various plants growing on its fence.
A girl stands on a gravel road as the sun sets.
Fat man and dog are sitting in front of a statue.
A group of boys in green and blue outfits swing green and blue flags in the air to an on-looking crowd.
A bicyclist in a bike lane.
Firetrucks surrounding a burning building at night and spraying water from various directions.
Man tests telescope while little boy looks on, as they stand in a memorial park.
A dirt biker rides up a rocky hill on a motorized dirt bike.
Three women are walking on a street.
A woman holds her child out of a red window, next to a Color TV sign.
A person in sandals is hidden by large soccer balls.
A woman with black hair and wearing all black is sitting on a rock looking into the distance.
A blue road sign is partially concealed by a nearby foliage.
A woman with a knit cap, dark jacket and brown horizontally striped shirt smiles as she ice skates with two women close behind her.
Kids are playing in fountains in a city.
These two workers are working on putting up some kind of metal building.
A man admiring the scenery in an unfamiliar location.
A woman in a red coat is leaving a photo shop.
Man standing in the rain carrying an umbrella.
Groups of people are riding down a river in rafts.
Some people are paddling in an air filled raft.
A child swims in a stream, whilst other children wait to jump off a rock.
A group of young people are boating and wearing life jackets.
A baby and three cats are resting on a bed.
An old man is smoking by sitting in the steps.
A man wearing a striped shirt has a camera slung over his shoulder.
Two people walking with a dog and using umbrellas.
A man in a bright green shirt and brimmed hat sits with three other men on a concrete rise.
People wearing life vests sitting in a boat paddling.
A group of people in life jackets standing on a large boulder in the mountains.
A man with a blue bull mask in a crowd of people.
A woman sits down to play a casino video game.
A man wearing glasses plays a guitar behind a music stand.
A woman in a white shirt and gray skirt if standing under a white umbrella.
An individual dressed in a yellow shirt and camouflage pants is walking down the sidewalk.
A child sits with its head on its arm in a room.
A man holding tongs at a barbecue.
A long-haired man in a white t-shirt and jeans plays a keyboard standing
A happy woman picks through bright green and white flowers.
A man wearing orange robes and sandals walks past a pale orange wall.
A group of people are looking through a microscope.
A woman in red sips a drink as she looks at the people below her.
Two young Asians in shorts waiting by a curb.
A woman wearing a skirt is reading a book on a stone bench.
Boy tugs hotdog cart with man pushes cart from behind.
A group of people is walking down a city street outside of buildings.
A dark stage set is under construction.
A man in a red shirt and a lady in a green shirt on a silver moped.
A woman wearing sandals is pushing a cart with vegetables.
A woman wearing a black dress leaning against a building smoking a cigarette.
Four Asians sitting on a bench in a building.
A man is walking down the sidewalk in front of the colorful building.
A teenager in a blue shirt is skateboarding past a Blockbuster video.
An elderly man wearing a sombrero riding a mobility scooter while shopping for shoes.
A man in a black shirt stands in front of an emergency vehicle.
A man is playing a Saxophone while people on the street listen to the music.
Man standing against blue wall with shirt on head
As the blue sky is dappled with white, fluffy clouds, two people are standing together near a seating area with green umbrellas.
Many men sit and share a meal together.
Two dancers are giving a performance at public function.
A woman is walking by a group of three men.
A band of older men on stage smiling and clapping their hands.
A man walking across a patch of grass in the middle of a street.
A large busted woman in a yellow shirt has a pink shoulder bag on her shoulder.
Two men stand in front of a shabby vegetable stand.
Three boys are in the park watching kids play.
A man wearing a gladiator costume standing a busy street.
An Indian man in a hat is sitting and smiling.
A woman is a blue top is walking amidst a crowd.
A woman with dark hair is sitting on stone steps and looking forward.
An older man wearing a white shirt sits on a sidewalk.
A woman in a tan dress is tending to her wares in the market.
A dark-haired drummer is playing his set with enthusiasm.
A woman wearing a green Aeropostale shirt and a green bracelet is walking down the street with her head down.
Man in blue shirt crossing street with odd objects in his hands.
Five children are on a slide, all dressed in different colored clothes.
A man at a food cart is serving corn.
A man standing next to a car holds up his hands.
A woman with facial piercings and red-hair.
A young man wearing jeans is walking down a sidewalk with a stack of papers on his head.
Woman walks with red grocery bags down the cobble street.
A group of people eat a meal in a crowded outdoor location.
An elderly man is drinking orange juice at a cafe.
A person with dark hair wearing a white tank top, red pants and white shoes is walking down a sidewalk with artwork displayed against a wall.
Woman in long skirt walking across street.
A little girl in a pink shirt sitting in a stadium bench.
A family relaxes with cold water outside their camper.
A man is walking by a building on a sunny day.
A couple is photographed in front of a large outdoor fountain.
Several people stand on a bike rack to look at something over bleachers.
A woman is blowing bubbles while in the middle of a crowd.
A pigeon flies towards a woman who is surrounded by a flock of pigeons.
A group of students looking over a balcony on a senior trip.
A family camping with an RV and sitting around a table.
A nice young lady on a stage dancing and look very beautiful.
Several people are standing around in a wooded area, with an recreational vehicle in clear view, two older men and two children can be seen, including a young, smiling girl.
A boy standing in water is holding a yellow football.
A mom and her two kids read a book outside a building with workers wearing orange.
Three young children play in a fountain.
A woman in a pool with a young girl throws a football.
Children and a woman play in a fountain.
People are standing on a crowded street with suitcases.
A group of older men convening in the wilderness
A man wearing a colorful and striped sweater plays music in the street.
Woman in dark jacket sitting on a bench.
A female singer and dancer is on stage at a jazz festival wearing a white dress with floral prints.
A man is rowing a boat through a river in a city.
Three people are standing on a concrete wall next to the ocean.
Three females are jumping while reaching up into the air.
The men standing on the edge of a torn down building.
A man smiling for the camera standing in a parking lot.
An artist is selling his paintings in front of a large tree in a park
Two women with Tye dyed bras, multicolored necklaces, and short denim shorts.
A tired man is sleeping on his motorcycle on the side of the road.
A man with a backpack stands along a tree lined street.
A man posing with his arms out while folded clothing and boxes lie on the ground.
People crossing a street next to a smart car.
People crossing the street and a man on the sidewalk.
A woman in a blue shirt and black pants is fixing her white sock.
A man wearing glasses is speaking or singing into a microphone.
A happy women and a young adult getting their picture taken.
A group of people sitting around outside near walls that are painted.
A gaggle of youths sitting atop a cement structure.
A man in red, white, and blue shorts focuses on something below.
A long-haired guy playing the drums.
Two women wearing healthcare uniforms are on a sidewalk and the one with yellow shoes is jumping in the air.
A male singer wearing sunglasses singing to a microphone
Middle-aged woman wearing a white blouse, sitting at a table outside a restaurant.
A group of people are gathered in a city street.
A group of people wait at the bottom of the stairs that two men in suits are walking down.
A woman in a brown dress is interviewing two men.
Giant clear bears sit in the street in new york city.
Asian people walking down the street of a market with their purchases.
A person is riding a bicycle in a city past a shop called "Kenji".
A woman laying in a field.
Customers view items in a small store called "Jump Shop".
Two boys are riding their bikes on the street.
A child and a parent or older sibling going for a hike.
Two Asian men wearing black are sitting outside and talking.
A young person in black pants and a brown fedora uses their mobile device on a city sidewalk.
A boy is wearing a black t-shirt.
A man wearing white is talking to a man wearing black while standing on a platform.
Several people are waiting for something to arrive.
Woman sitting on the bleachers in a cowboy hat watching some sort ranching competition.
Musicians play on stage at Coney Island, NY.
A couple sit in each others embrace as they gaze out at the river.
An author signing his book for a fan.
Many adults and children eat a meal in a public area.
A girl is walking by a parking garage.
Wall art and murals featured on the side of the East Side Hotel proclaim they love Berlin.
People inside and outside of booths at an event.
A girl in a red jacket playing a guitar at a fair or circus.
Young man with long dark hair plays a guitar on stage.
A group of people wearing white clothing and red sashes walk down a street.
A group of people are sitting next to a concession stand.
A daughter helps her mother in the kitchen in this family photo-op.
A guitarist with long hair playing the guitar at a concert
A woman in a hat walks away from a small ice cream vendor car.
Man walking with tall buildings with reflections behind him.
A black woman with an afro and glasses walking down a street in chinatown, talking on the phone and wearing a multicolored scarf.
Two guys walking on road.
A band plays music on stage under blue-green lights and with a red background, a white-shirted DJ standing in the middle of the stage.
A person in a red coat plays an electric guitar.
A man selling religious paraphernalia stands in front of a mosque.
A couple gazing out into the ocean from a bridge.
Two men with glasses and large mustaches with British flags in the background.
This is one of those places that you may see just about anything.
Two women wearing matching skirts with Union Jacks printed on them walk through a fair.
A guy playing a guitar on a stage smiling.
A woman lying in a grassy field taking a photo with her camera.
A lady wearing a green t-shirt is leaning against a white column.
A woman with a redhead covering is standing with a man wear a shirt with stripes on it.
A black man in a tank top rests.
Two women with umbrellas walk between two cars as they cross the street.
Dog sleeps outside on the cemented street in asian country.
A gray-haired lady is standing next to a vegetable display at the market.
Three happy little girls posing for a photograph.
A man is sitting in the passenger seat of a red three-wheeled rickshaw.
A man in a hat and an orange jacket stands beside a plastic wrapped female mannequin.
A young girl is playing next to a fire hydrant that is spraying water.
A man and a woman dressed in green stand besides a pillar.
A group of people consisting of 6 people are waiting somewhere while 4 of them are talking to each other.
A hooker on a street corner.
A woman in a bathing suit and shorts walking down the street in a black hat and sunglasses.
Man with back to camera looking out over a forest.
A woman in a skirt is talking on the phone outside a restaurant.
Two men sitting together with a calendar on the wall behind them.
A man in a checkered shirt and white sandals is asleep while reading the paper.
A man facing away from the camera sitting on an aqua colored stool.
A family with young children with suitcases walk down a paved area.
A man and children are pulling bags behind them near a large globe.
Two uniformed men talk while standing on a road.
Person standing on sidewalk next to pile of garbage.
Two people are sitting around a tree and one man is posing by the tree.
A girl in jeans sitting on rock getting her picture taken.
A man is selling fresh fruit at the market.
A stocky lady in a yellow shirt holding up a sign in Spanish.
A gentleman with a red shirt, glasses and graying hair is standing in a room full of seated people.
Three people are sitting at a table together.
A woman in a green shirt and black helmet struggles with a man in jeans and a light blue shirt.
A crowd of people waiting along the side of a building.
A man in a white shirt plays the cello next to a woman in black playing a harp.
When struggling to work on scaffolding in humid weather.
The man with the bicycle is waiting for the car to pass so he can cross the street.
Man in black suite speaking a podium.
Three men are sitting on a stone ledge, and one has a cigarette in his mouth.
A young man carries flags outside a building
A man driving a carriage and two horses is walking along the street
A group of boys playing soccer.
An old man, behind him on glass is many political advertisements.
A woman in a blue dress is walking on a sidewalk.
A woman in a blue striped shirt is talking to someone on the street.
A woman in all black walking past a department store window.
A man in a suit is holding an American flag next to a white screen with a logo on it.
Couple holding hands walking on sidewalk in front of house.
A crowd of people in white and red clothing march through a red doorway set into a white alleyway, two men with cups looking on to the right.
Two older men waiting to cross the street.
A crowd of people protesting with a man in the foreground.
A man wearing a white shirt is pushing a bicycle down the sidewalk.
A young girls with a short red dress makes a phone call while holding a bright blue bag.
Sitting guy handling a stapler while another guy looks on.
Two females and a male are sitting at a table eating.
Some Asians gather for an event in a gymnasium.
Two woman, both of which are wearing black shirts, are eating.
People in yellow shirts are attending a concert.
Many students waiting for transportation in the waiting area are taking pictures of each other before they return home.
Children playing in a jump house with a SpongeBob theme.
A group of kids sitting at a table one is holding a white piece of paper.
Two girls are standing behind another girl.
A man wearing a striped shirt smiles and points as he holds a bunch of necklaces.
Three people lounging on benches and watching people at the park.
Some bike riders riding on a path through a city.
A shirtless man with dreads, playing with batons.
A Boston Celtics fan having lunch before the game between Boston and Lakers.
A bald man with a beard plays the accordion in front of green doors
A man and a laughing woman sit at a blue table with a Styrofoam box on it.
A woman taping a paper notice to a board.
Two men sitting on a bench where one has his head in his lap and a large yellow bag next to him.
Man with backpack hanging a sign on a pole in a lobby.
A boy pointing at the number one and gesturing the number one with his finger.
A man and a woman standing beside each other shaking hands.
Four young Asian women stand outside by an empty cardboard box, using straws to sip drinks from yellow cups.
The three people are talking to each other
Young kids showing a game they play in their country.
A man and a child are purchasing ice cream from a man with a hand pushed ice cream cart.
Two men and a woman sit at a table, the woman holds up her hands in the peace symbol.
A man and a woman are sitting down.
Four small kids dress in black and red wedding attire play on the floor.
A person on a bicycle pulls a cart full of sticks.
A man in a colorful shirt dressed as a clown.
A little girl in a dress sits on the steps to have a snack.
The woman who is wearing a bowtie is walking down the streets of New York.
A group of street drummers play while some onlookers dance.
A man in a straw hat wearing a backpack is riding on a motorized skateboard.
Three ladies lay on a beach facing the ocean.
A person is listening to music over their headphones while walking down a deserted street.
A guy in an office is fixing the coffee maker.
A man in a red tee-shirt steers his bicycle-like vehicle on a street in Santo Domingo.
Two women are walking down a sidewalk.
A young lady in a light blue outfit walking along a beautifully designed sidewalk.
A woman in a tan jacket walks down a busy sidewalk.
Two police officer looking men on a motorcycle, with a white ice chest on it as well, wearing hats
Man sitting in yellow car in the sun, wiping forehead.
A man peers from behind the protective cage of a piece of heavy machinery while wearing protective headphones on his head.
A man and woman sitting, with a man standing to the left.
A woman in a green top and orange shorts is walking on the street.
A man is pushing his blue painted snack cart through the street.
A woman and 2 small children play in sprinklers from the ground.
People race to catch the metro at dusk.
Men and women at tables having drinks on the aft deck of a boat moored in a marina.
A man stares out across a rail yard.
Four people stand next to some bikes while one of them points.
A man on stage in front of a flag speaking into a microphone to a crowd.
Three people are standing on a mat and one has a harness on.
Men walk down a street playing the drums.
A female employee of a fish market weighs an item on the scale.
A man is buying his vegetables in the market.
Two brown dog play together in the water.
Men strolling a brick-paved, brightly lit, business district.
A man and woman being intimate in a large empty room.
2 kids on a boat looking off, blue floor.
A young child smiling and looking outside of his window.
A crowd of people is looking at something outside of a Gap store.
An older woman gets cash from her wallet at a another woman's stand on the street.
A man in khaki pants and a woman in a skirt cross a street.
A young girl in camouflage face paint is holding a pink sign.
Two women in the middle of the street talking.
Two women in skirts stand together behind a metal fence on a public street.
Two people are standing and talking with each other.
Young asian boy sits down and reads a book at a book fair as a female looks on.
A woman looking at her cellphone while a man watches her.
A girl in a white shirt, walking beside her bike.
A group of people sit before a campfire.
A woman with sneakers and a skirt is sweeping out a storage building.
A group of people marching in a parade waving flags.
A quartet of young people, possibly Spanish or Portuguese, wearing red bandannas, while one conspicuously does not, stroll down a boulevard.
It appears they are setting up for the meet.
A group of young people sit at bar, socializing.
A humvee is on display in the middle of a public square.
Two women sitting in green chairs and a little boy in a red shirt throwing a sign.
A man in blue Speedos is holding black goggles.
A group of people in white shirts and red bandannas are congregated together.
A crowd of people looking at a bulletin board in Chinese.
A young man wearing a business suit, sitting on a bus with his head down.
A young child wearing a yellow shirt is standing on the sidewalk.
Several people are washing themselves off using showers at the beach.
Group wearing yellow and orange shirts riding mountain bikes.
A man with glasses and a young girl smiling for the camera, the girl gives a peace sign.
Three girls are riding on a roller coaster.
A little boy in a green shirt is eating chocolate ice cream.
A man in a gray t-shirt is sitting against a sidewalk tree.
A little girl with black pigtails riding a pink bicycle with training wheels.
A little girl wearing a white blouse is standing by books.
A man in blue jeans sitting in front of a store.
A kayaker traverses some churning rapids.
The man is in a yellow kayak in rough waters.
A man is standing over a cubicle with a chair covered by a sports jersey.
A woman sings on stage as a man plays an instrument in unison with her vocals.
A man in a blue coat plays guitar beneath a tree.
A group of elderly people visiting a market stand near a rooster.
A woman is waiting for a subway train.
Two little boys with spoons stirring something in two metal pans.
Man pulling a cart full of buckets, mops and brooms.
A woman with bright red lipstick, sunglasses and a red plaid shirt is looking towards the camera.
A man is wearing a red shirt and vest.
Woman in Jacket with hood up walks alone down crowded street.
Two women in dresses walking down the sidewalk.
A woman at an outdoor event holds a brochure in her hand.
Band on stage and people watching the screen.
A crowd of people together in one area.
A woman with a rolling luggage waits on a sidewalk.
An old man wearing a blue shirt is standing against a wall.
A man in an office is playing with a child
A man wearing orange overalls uses a roller to cover graffiti.
Man in a gray shirt and black pants standing in front of a storefront.
Three parked taxis with two parked police cars behind them.
A man in a scary potato sack mask.
A woman is taking a break from sweeping up a broken pot to gaze out of the window.
Older men concentrate while playing a game of Dominoes.
A man and a woman are lying together on a grassy park field near a waterfront.
People walk past Starbucks Coffee store with green awnings.
A man and a woman holding hands while walking.
A man on a bicycle leads a horse and rider in a rural area.
A shop with two men outside, one man entering the shop, and motorcycles viewable on the right side of the frame.
A man in a bowtie is working with wood.
A man in a black hat is talking to a woman with an animal print shirt.
Several groups of pedestrians on a city street during the day.
A woman in a green jacket stands by a wall full of artwork, in front of a store displaying clothing and shoes.
A woman in a blue jacket walking outside.
A man playing a violin is in front of another man playing the accordion.
Two men in straw hats stand by a pile of hay on a busy street.
A man in a leather jacket is sitting on a fence by the beach.
Woman in heels and skirt looking at products.
Blond woman in blue outfit lounging on floor pillow at outside table alone.
Boy playing in water coming off fountain.
A girl wearing pink walks by a mural of a girl with pink hair.
A man in a black shirt sitting at a restaurant table texting.
Two women in white dresses are posing on a blanket for photographs in the middle of a park.
People are gathered on a street corner in summer clothing.
A man with a latex glove and black t-shit is standing in front of a Chevy van.
Two women next to a stage of people playing instruments
People walking and a lady looking at her cellphone while walking in a big city shopping.
A person is laying on a blue blanket on a street sidewalk.
A man and a woman are coming down an escalator.
A woman with long hair sitting on a concrete bench.
A woman carries a child, wearing green earphones, on her back
A batter prepares for a swing during a game of cricket.
A person sitting in front of a laptop and many electrical parts.
A man fishing off of a small dock at sunset.
An aircraft is standing with a gothic building in the back.
Little kid playing in water.
A man with a tan jacket is walking past a woman in a ponytail.
A man standing in front of a glass door.
A group of people are gathered in a protest against the middle east violence.
Asian female wearing a backpack, smirking over her shoulder.
A guy in khakis and sandals is at a laundry mat.
A man is pushing many cartons of bread down the street.
An airplane flying over a fence with a few bystanders watching it as it approaches its landing.
A young boy practicing hitting a baseball from a tee.
Man and lady walking up grassy lane of castle.
People are waiting for a train at the subway.
A group of people stand on the sidewalk in front of several storefronts, with a cart parked near them.
An older man is playing a violin on the street.
People passing the time in a city in a middle eastern country.
Man in white shirt standing in street with vendors and lots of people.
A plane flies low over a grassy area where a girl is sitting in a folding chair.
A man wearing black sits outside under palm trees near green and blue chairs.
Three young girls standing outside near a fence smile at the camera.
A group of people in white uniforms building human ladder.
A man talks on his phone next to white brick wall with blue paint spattered on parts.
A blond child is hiding behind a wooden post.
A young lady reads a book while sitting outside at the base of a palm tree.
A blond woman poses with two people painted to look like statues.
Some people are sitting, some are standing on a sidewalk.
A man in a suit is smoking and talking on the phone.
A blond woman in a tank top and shorts puts her foot in a fountain.
A man is singing and the girl is playing an instrument.
A picture of pigeons taking off with a young girl in the distant background.
A person holding a flat box is standing near two people sitting down.
A male swimmer in a blue Speedo swimsuit adjusts his goggles.
A man in a tank top looks at a woman near a water sculpture.
Two elderly women are sitting on a bench and conversing.
Two young boys wander through a crowd wearing bright yellow shirts.
A man wearing a hat, white shirt, pants, and shoes sleeps on a park bench.
A man waiting in the subway area next to the bus, reading the paper.
A child running through water outside at a park.
Two woman and two man standing underneath a rain covert tent.
This young girl is wearing a red and black checkered shirt.
Green bicycle sitting outside on sidewalk on display.
A man standing on a stage playing a guitar and a harmonica waving to the crowd.
Several asians in front of store concepts.
A man in a blue shirt is sitting on a doorstep talking on his cellphone.
A small boy and his father selling snow cones from their street cart.
A girl reads and listens to music on a bus.
A well dressed woman is shopping in front of a store.
A crowded city street with the focus on an older man playing the guitar.
A man is dozing off above some green glasses.
A person in shorts with a tattooed calf holds the leash of a large white dog in a blue vest.
A man is launched into the air from a raft.
The six people are in a blue raft in the water and one person flew out of the raft.
A man in a sleeveless shirt resting by the sidewalk.
A little girl and boy on the back of a bicycle waiting for dad to pedal.
Two black men standing in front of a light pole.
Three people lined on the street shading themselves from the sun with umbrellas.
A man looks to buy bottles at a market.
People are watching a man who is climbing on a rock face.
A woman wearing a Wonder Woman costume and a red jacket.
An older woman wearing a hat and pink shirt enjoys a cigarette.
A man carrying a giant banana toy walks in street fair with toddler holding his hand.
Man looks out of his blue car and holds a rag out the window.
A group of people rowing on a lake.
An old woman wearing a white shirt and green shorts is standing on a sidewalk.
A man wearing a white t-shirt looking away from the camera.
A group of four men washing and drying dishes in a commercial kitchen.
Two male students clean in a lab with the chairs upturned on the tables.
A boy wearing a pink tie and another boy wearing a girl's dress, and lot of people in the background.
A man in black jacket and helmet at his hand poses with a smile.
A young boy in a cowboy hat and a blue jean jacket sitting in a stroller.
A black woman in a striped dress sitting on a blue bench.
One person is standing beside a tree with the sun shining through the leaves.
A boy and his father go walking in cowboy clothing.
A man in a black shirt running down a busy sidewalk
An older gentleman speaking at a podium.
Two young boys wearing shorts play outside while a police officer watches.
An old man wearing glasses speaking in front of a podium.
A child in red pants holding a metal basket next to another child in a blue jacket.
Two ladies show affection that will lead to a kiss.
There is a group of many adults around a fake pirate ship dressed up as pirates.
Old person walking down the sidewalk next to a white building.
A red vintage automobile parks in front of the Karlova 25.
A teenage boy wearing a cap looks irritated
A smiling middle-aged man wearing over-sized red sunglasses and a colorful patterned shirt sits in the grass in front of a blue-green backdrop.
A small red and white race car is competing during a race.
A man wearing a cap and glasses is fixing the seat of a bicycle.
A chef cooks on a wok on an outdoor grill.
A man and woman couple walk past wall painted with figures of people and graffiti.
A person is sitting on a rock ledge overlooking a body of water.
A green object with a light is suspended over a sidewalk where three people are walking.
A man is doing his speech.
A man with a hiking equipment is tying his shoe in the woods.
Several women are performing a dance at a formal event.
An asian woman in a crowded venue getting ready to snap a picture
A group of children are walking in the sand.
A woman wiping the brow of another woman, sitting down amongst a crowd of woman, drinking from a bottle.
A man with glasses playing a silver guitar.
Three hikers are standing near and on a wooden structure made partially of logs.
A bar with a man and a woman talking
A man in a cream shirt sitting at an outdoor restaurant with a black car behind him.
A man with a large mohawk and DIO shirt manipulates a cellphone.
Brown, black and white dog standing on a sandy slope.
A group of people in green shirts walking along a beautiful beach.
A man in a suit is shaking someone's hand while two other gentlemen watch.
Five people posing for a family style photo.
A woman, holding a red parasol, takes a picture while looking over a wall.
A woman and a man carrying a pink cooler.
A boy in a blue tank top is playing the bass guitar with one foot in the air.
Two people on a white beach, one has a very long stick.
A young girl in a bathing suit, drinking from a green glass bottle
A woman wearing shorts and sandals crossing the street with yellow taxis in the background.
A group of people walking outside a theme park in the middle of the day.
A crowd of people standing outside a building.
A young man wearing a red t-shirt and black pants performs a front wheel stand on a bicycle.
A tourist walks beneath the shade of a building.
A woman in a purple half shirt and a skirt walking down a street.
People outside in a field harvesting something.
A young man in a striped shirt holds up a log in a park.
Four children are playing at a swing set.
Older asian man looking out of a building with sunlight coming in.
Two men in sunglasses are walking down the street.
Two women with alcoholic drinks in their hands are conversing with one another.
A man sitting down on concrete reading a book.
Glass windows showcase a model of a man sitting and wearing black.
The lady is taking pictures of statue.
A man in a white shirt and black pants standing at the side or the road.
A young couple with child shops at a small sandwich and coffee shop.
A man with a mustache and a guitar sings for tips on the street.
A person stands under a city light pole on a sidewalk at night.
A blond girl having a conversation with her brunette friend at an outdoor concert venue in the rain.
A group of people light lanterns.
Group of men and women sitting on boxes and buckets in a space with medium light and food.
Two cars and three men are standing next to a loading dock.
A woman in an apron cleans a table that is surrounded by different colored chairs.
A man with long hair leans against a chain while holding a picture.
A man is standing inside a doorway that is in a wall painted with a mural of a woman.
Three people watch a fourth draw a chalk portrait on the street.
A group of people are gathered outside around a statue.
A woman putting jewelry in the window display.
A man bicycles through a narrow road toward a square bordered by a castle with a block tower.
Two people are walking across a path between buildings.
A couple walks under an arch in a narrow street with balconies.
A young boy sits outside and peddles for money while playing an accordion.
A woman is walking down the street with headphones in her ears next to a man in a business suit.
A black sweater lady carrying a purple bag on the street.
Two women are sitting and looking in the same direction.
African american lady holing a basket on her head.
This photo includes a statue of a man and a woman walking with a blue shirt walking behind it.
Several people stroll through a park with many trees.
A woman on a city street takes a photo while people walk by.
A man is cooking something on the stove.
1 man standing and several people sitting down waiting on a subway train.
A male artist drawing with chalk on the street.
A busy pizza shop is located on a heavily trafficked street corner.
A policeman is riding his motorcycle down the street.
A group of Oriental young people are standing outside the doorway to a store.
This is a good map for tourists.
Two women on the subway complete enthralled with their gadgets.
A man walks past a graffitied area.
A group of three women and one man peer into a store window.
A man in a doctors coat emerges from a building.
A man and child are together with a blue net in front of them.
A woman shopping for fruit at an outdoor market.
A man selling ice cream out of a cart to a small child on the street.
A farmhand in training points over the barrier at a livestock auction.
A lady wearing glasses playing the saxophone in front of a store.
Four girls are sitting in a hot tub.
A man stands on a transportation platform with earphones and a handheld electronic device.
A man in a yellow shirt is reading a book.
Man with a striped backpack roller-skating down a busy avenue with other roller-skaters.
A man is sitting on a square stone eating his lunch.
An Asian schoolgirl in a typical schoolgirl uniform, dark pullover, plaid skirt, and knee socks with penny loafers.
A woman in a red scarf walking through an entryway on a street.
A girl is playing with toys inside of a tub of water.
Two people cooking on a sunny day for others.
While the man waits for a train, he is reading a book.
An African American woman is picking tomatoes in a garden.
A middle-aged man wearing glasses and a middle-aged woman both look grumpy and upset.
A Spanish guitar paler and a lady dancer performing on stage.
A little girl does a handstand on a trampoline
Small child with turquoise shorts standing near a large tree.
A group of women all similarly dressed marching holding a large object on their right.
A crowd enjoying a concert.
A crowd of people gathers around the Oxford Circus Station in London.
People sit and watch as a street performer is singing.
A young man wearing a green shirt is tending to a tomato plant.
A man in a green shirt with a box cutter surrounded by vegetable plants.
A woman wearing glasses is sitting down at a table with glasses, a bottle, and a bird on it.
A man and two children looking at a camera.
A young woman is walking down the street past a window that is covered in newspaper.
A bronze-skinned woman walks a pedestrian path in a form fitting dress.
Two older men sitting on scooters in front of a Koffee Cafe.
Three people sits on the sidewalk of the road.
Many people and cars going past a coffee shop on the corner of the street.
A group of pigeons walk on a sidewalk.
Three people are trying to open a large door to a closed shop.
A busy day in the city streets.
An elderly woman is sitting at a restaurant table beneath a sign on the wall reading "Oh boy mom's pancakes!"
Four people walk down a city sidewalk - three facing the camera one away.
A young man hard at work, sweeping the floor.
A woman running past a couple of people sitting down for lunch.
A man in a uniform is crossing a street.
A woman walks past an old bagel shop.
A mother and child walking in the rain in a green area.
Older fisherman is rowing a green boat standing up down a calm river.
Three Sailboats going down waterway of a tropical smooth water area.
Construction equipment and workers in a non-US city
There is an older woman with a bright yellow shirt standing on a sidewalk looking into a store.
A man pulls his food stand across the street.
A woman dances in a colorful dress, engaged in a writhing dance taught to her by her elders.
Two girls wearing dresses are standing on a bricked sidewalk.
A man in a crowd appears in a city scene wearing a mostly black outfit with a graphic picture on his shirt.
A man pulls on a rope in the country.
A woman is walking on the sidewalk with another person following behind her.
A thoughtful woman walks down a metropolitan side street.
A man sits down for a rest on a crowded street.
Children woman and man in a park looking around a park
An older man chops wood beside a large tree in a field.
The person in white T-shirt is walking.
Women with fake blood and makeup all over her face, chest and neck.
A man is happily frying Chinese food.
A street musician in blue, with a cigarette in his mouth and a huge guitar in his hands.
A street with streetlights and a bus stop.
A group of bushy haired people are walking down a rainy sidewalk.
Women in pink dress with white polka dots standing on stone base shoo-shes those in view.
A woman with a crossbody black purse is walking near a stairway with silver railing.
Two sunbathing people are sitting on a bench in front of a bride and groom.
A toddler in an orange dress looks at graffiti of an African American baby.
A Toddler with a blue design shirt, and gray short waling with his family.
A man wearing a gray ball cap walks next to a redheaded woman wearing a long-sleeved blue jean shirt.
A red metal sculpture is surrounded by a large number of people.
Two women by the fence while a child runs towards them.
A beautiful young woman is holding her purse.
A woman in a black shirt creates art on the sidewalk.
A cute little kid with a little green price sticker on his nose.
Three men in white shirts are posing for a picture outside of a local store.
A woman wearing jeans shorts poses for the photo.
A man wearing sunglasses is seen on a sunny day next to a sculpture in a park.
A man wearing a white helmet in a crowd.
A woman standing in a room that is white with numbers in a circle around her.
A man stands on the shore of a beach.
A group of Jewish people waving flags in order to celebrate their religion.
A naked man wrapped in a net lying on some rocks on the oceanside.
Red Chinese lanterns and banners in Chinese overhang a busy street scene.
We can see blood at the back of this man
People are browsing through items in an open aired market.
Some Caucasians appear to be preparing foods and drinks.
Sunglasses sitting on a table with a family on a pier in the background.
A woman standing in front of a store called La Perla.
A group of people congregate outside while a man in a black shirt and glasses walks toward the camera.
A group of random pedestrians looking at something out of the camera's range.
A person is running on a wooded street with the sun in the background.
The bearded man in the hat held his camera in both hands waiting for the next shot.
A well dressed elderly woman standing in front of a bus decorated with images of purple flowers.
Someone in a blue jeans and a blue hoodie covering their face, fixing a bike.
A man in a light pink polo shirt holds a flag splayed out in the air behind him.
People at a carnival taking part in a shooting contest.
A male with makeup on his face and neck that looks like blood and wounds.
An elderly man watches a younger man grill various foods.
A couple are trying to find the place they want to go.
A man sits writing at a table set up on a sidewalk.
Three men are standing while another man is next to them holding a newspaper.
Smiling brunette with a redhead dress participates in a parade.
A hispanic women in bright colors all dressed up for a parade.
A tattoo artist doing a women's tattoo of a rose
A man and a woman stand on a boat while the man takes a photograph.
A guy wearing a white shirt is taking a picture.
A beautiful women in a peach dress walk downs a brick street at night.
A black street dancer performs for a crowd of people.
Young boy kicks a red and white soccer ball on a grassy field
A man getting his stomach tattooed by a tattoo artist.
A man and a squinting woman are looking at something on a screen.
A woman in a violet shirt stands facing a young man.
A man in a white shirt and khaki pants checks his cellphone in front of the entrance of a building.
A tattoo artist working on an individuals tattoo.
A tattoo artist making a tattoo on a forearm.
A man wearing jeans gets a new tattoo.
Two young boys are playing some instruments by the water.
A blurry photo of a couple on a bench watching other people play.
A woman views a metal dinosaur sculpture through a blue telescope during a cloudy day.
Elderly woman trying to block the sun with her hand.
A man and a woman dressed in black are roller-blading.
Two young women are walking and having a conversation.
Women in colorful dresses dance down the street during a parade.
A Frisbee casts a shadow on the dog.
Artwork of a young child and his dog overlook a quiet sidewalk and a man sleeping against the side of a building.
Two people dressed in super hero costumes stand in city street.
A woman standing next to a photographer is handing a paper to a man wearing a green shirt.
A girl is rollerskating down a street while talking on a cellphone.
A young boy is standing on a sports field holding a piece of sports equipment.
Two young ladies walking down the street together.
A female traffic officer directing traffic in a busy city intersection.
Gentleman standing on a sidewalk looking at a building.
This has to be one of the best restaurant's on the east side!
Boy in a red shirt holding a camera.
A man is walking on the street as he begins to pass the glass window of a business.
A rod crew, of five, repairing a road.
Here is a picture of a woman smiling at the camera and is smoking cigarettes at a candlelight dinner.
A man playing a guitar while a woman in a checks the oven.
Two women stand by a large series of signs which say "Le Cafe Marley" in a hallway with a very high and ornate ceiling.
Three women walking down a sidewalk near a bistro.
Two men play a game of chess in the park while two others eagerly await their chance
People are walking down a walkway surrounded by buildings.
Young male looks on as another male sitting on a fence wraps his legs around a female in a zebra styled tank top and skirt.
Girl in short black dress Blowing a gigantic bubble for a crowd outdoors.
A woman and child sitting on the sidewalk by a tree while a guy fools around in the background.
A Man in black squatting with people walking across the streets.
A man wearing a white shirt is talking to a woman wearing a green blouse on the street
A man holding a lighted candle with his head leaning on a statue.
A woman in a tan top and jeans is sitting on a bench wearing headphones.
A man and woman walking down the street with shopping bag.
A group of people sit on a wall above a large bas-relief sculpture and reflecting pond.
Two beautiful girls are showing their splendid bodies.
A man in a hat is standing at a corner in front of a row of bikes.
Women are enjoying beverages at a restaurant outside.
A woman is posing atop a scooter while a photographer prepares her camera.
A young woman takes pictures while a crowd lounges on a green lawn.
A woman with blond-hair and black pants is practicing her karate moves in a scenic park.
A man stands in front of a well lit fruit stand.
A person wearing sunglasses and a bright orange shirt walks down a wet sidewalk.
A man and children setting up a stand to sell jewelery.
An old building with a long hallway and glass roof.
Two police officers on skates are standing near another man.
A man in a hat and a boy in a hat sit outside the Louvre.
Two men taking pictures with their cameras outdoors.
People enjoying the cool water from the fountain in a hot day.
Two men sitting on the edge of a pool of water.
A man dressed in all white clothing stands in front of a gray wall, his arms crossed.
Young women and men dressed in costumes sitting and standing.
A mountain hiker is digging steaks into the thck snow.
People are sitting on a bus.
A man sweeps the road in front of a wall with graffiti and two flats set against it.
HO King produce store offering snow peas, broccoli, and napa.
An elderly Asian man waits for someone to give him service at a food counter.
A man is showcasing various types of seafood on a stick, including starfish.
Two men are examining a bicycle tire while a woman in the background leans on a wall next to a pot of geraniums.
A man sitting on a bench next to his bike.
A group of people standing near a boat on a body of water.
A woman in a dress is talking on the phone.
A lady sits on the end of a pier high above the water.
Two women are talking to a man in a cap.
Three adults standing in front of a sign that says "vote" and an American flag.
Luggage carts all lined up and ready to be moved.
A woman is standing in a booth, wearing and orange vest, proffering a credit card and smiling.
A woman is walking dogs on a road located in the city.
A woman lays on a floating platform in the middle of a body of water.
Two young adults outside, with many trees in the background.
Two large cocks are seen outside the el pub restaurant.com restaurant.
Two men walking their canoe through the woods.
A man in a canoe sits on a placid lake surrounded by lush green foliage.
A man and woman showing a small child how to use a gun.
A man playing a unique violin while looking up at the ceiling.
A violist playing next to an advertising sign
A man in a white shirt and long hair playing an electric violin.
A violinist playing music in the New York subway.
A person is carrying their white canoe down a rocky trail while a black dog in a red collar watches.
The man wearing all black is asleep on his red motorcycle.
A young child with a hat on playing with a bubble machine.
A priest with a bushy beard eating fast food.
A man wearing a blue and black plaid overshirt sells organic fruit to a man in a gray polo shirt.
A guy playing an accordion with a hat on.
Jimi Hendrix is wearing a blue outfit while playing his guitar.
There are two brown dogs playing in field.
The crowd watches the horse, staring at the cowboy as he leaves the arena, wondering what will happen next.
A woman walking down a suburban street.
A man teaches young children about fixing bicycles in a park.
Musicians are performing outdoors for money.
The streets of a Chinatown look alike are lit with bright colors.
A few groups of people are walking down stairs.
There are several people either sitting on benches or walking through what appears to be a brick road with trees coming up from various circular openings in the road.
Several asian pedestrians walk around a silver taxi van.
A little girl in a red print sundress walked through an outdoor artist display.
A football team is seen making plays, blocking, catching and running.
A man looks at a map while a woman in sunglasses looks up.
A man in a white shirt is reading a map.
An African-American man in a green shirt and tan jacket.
A man in a purple shirt and blue jeans playing the harmonica by a red bus.
A group of men, women and one child are walking in a group.
A woman is hugging a man.
A lady in all white sits on a mat with a ball in her hand.
An Asian marketplace is open for business at night.
One woman watches while another woman helps herself to a plate of food.
Two men and a woman in a band playing a song.
A young girl and baby boy are swimming underwater in a pool.
A dog in a car.
A group of people pass by a subway station.
A blond-haired mother is holding her newborn baby.
A small baby is given a bath in a plastic tub by an adult wearing rubber gloves.
The women is washing the newborn baby.
A topless woman cradles her newborn baby swaddled against her chest in the hospital.
A crowd of people walk through a busy street.
Older woman in a light purple shirt, sitting in a chair, holding a baby.
A man and two young boys are sitting on a rock.
A little boy and a little girl playing in a fountain.
A busy women in black and white color dress is crossing the road.
A mom and daughter walk up the steps as a woman wearing a headscarf wits near a trashcan.
A french bike cab with no passengers, sitting by a crosswalk.
A young girl is laughing and chasing pigeons on the street where other people are walking nearby.
A tourist takes a photo of something high.
A woman is holding a very large cellphone up to her ear.
A man and a woman, both wearing sunglasses, look up into the sky.
A man with a shopping bag and a woman are looking at a camera.
A woman clutching a black plastic bag holds a digital camera overhead.
Young man sitting on fencing in front of beautiful flowers garden holding two young ladies on his knees.
A lady walks up the steps from a subway.
An overhead view of a crowd of people walking along the side of a river.
A well lit advertising stand showcasing various movie posters.
Two different groups of people converse in front of the Shakespeare and Company store.
A man is driving a white van sprayed painted with graffiti.
A man with a prosthetic leg sleeps in front of the steps of a warehouse.
A person is laying in a hospital bed.
A lady either getting ready to go to or just got out of surgery and birth.
A middle-aged woman is holding a baby.
A newborn is swaddled in a striped blanket while someone touches it with both their hands.
Man holding crying baby in chair near window.
A doctor and her patient smile brightly as an infant nurses at the patient's breast.
A man in a black shirt holds a baby.
Two men sitting down outside and looking at a magazine picture of a woman in a bikini.
An older gentlemen with dark pants and a white shirt walks through a park.
A city street with a few passersby, featuring a cinder-block wall with graffiti on it.
Onlookers are mesmerized by a man juggling flaming rods while riding a unicycle.
A man stands outside of a beautiful building wearing a neon green construction jacket.
A conductor gives a kid a tour of the train.
A man is on a casual bike ride during the day into town.
A woman with sunglasses on sits under a red umbrella
A girl wearing a purple dress and a girl wearing a red dress run around outside smiling.
Several groups of people walk in a pretty park.
Phone booths occupied by a few people.
Two blonds are passing out fliers and balloons on a busy walkway.
A man on a BMX bike performs a trick on a jump.
A taxi in a downtown intersection.
A police officer in Madrid, Spain stops to speak with an elderly woman.
A motorcyclist rides past an Asian supermarket.
A woman with a parasol is riding her pink bicycle down the street.
A family of three people are watching men in costumes pass by.
Two people in blue shirts take a photo of themselves as a woman in a scarf pass them by.
A couple walks along a sidewalk.
A man with long wavy hair plays to violin.
Two men on a street, one holding a red flag.
A group of young people stand in front of and touch a black, rusting metal structure.
A man in a helmet is hanging onto the side of a transit vehicle.
A bald man is looking out at a crowd of people.
A group of people gathered around a booth selling tap beer.
A group of people are walking in front of a large stone building.
Man gathers paper near a structure made of wood covered with paper and graffiti.
A person in a purple dress, black hat, and pink scarf runs on a road.
A man in shorts and a orange shirt sits on the tailgate of a truck examining a phone.
A man is sitting on a train listening to music.
Two young girls walk down a walkway with an umbrella.
A person with black gloves and a white hat is standing and adjusting their scarf.
A young man walks casually down the street in front of some trees.
Two woman with long hair and ponytails jog along the roadside.
A bunch of seniors gathered in one area.
A person in a cowboy hat rides a tan horse.
Two people, sitting on a park bench, taking a nap.
A girl with blond-hair is connected to ribbons of many colors and is enjoying some sort of celebration.
A man with a black backpack kneels over a stack of posters.
A large crowd of people waits around in front of a large speaker set up.
A line of trucks going down a very crowded street.
People wearing patterned t-shirts celebrating some festivals with colorful eye wear
A bearded man balances a silver ball on one hand.
A little kid in black playing in a fountain.
A young man wearing a backpack is carrying a white, cardboard box.
Three people of Asian descent standing in a semi circle talking while one girl texts.
People walking on a crowded street.
A woman in a dress and cowboy boots is walking next to another woman in a black t-shirt.
Woman in a long skirt and a man walk down the street.
A group of men perform on the sidewalk with their guitars'.
Two young girls pose for a picture beside the water.
Two shirtless little boys, one leaning on the other, standing on a large rock in front of some trees.
The boardwalk is very brightly lit by restaurant signs at night.
One toddler takes away the mouth piece of the other which makes him cry.
A woman is wearing a peacock costume.
On a sunny day, a man sits on rocks smoking beside a body of water.
A man in a blue jacket rides a bicycle on the sidewalk.
A group of students are outside, waiting, in front of a yellow school bus.
A woman looking at her phone and holding her pomeranian.
Two women waiting on the sidewalk in front of a large advertisement banner.
Four people standing outside of a convenience store.
A red-haired woman sits on a bench in a striped skirt and brown shoes.
A man enjoys a sandwich from Subway.
A man walking away from an escalator while a woman is coming up the escalator.
A boy is standing in a boat, holding up a fish to the camera and smiling.
A country band on stage playing music in yellow and red light.
Six people at some sort of a conference.
A man with a white shirt, brown shoes, and blue socks is reading near other people and piles of books.
Asian man in white tank top eating by a large Asian political tapestry.
The little girl looked in awe at the sight.
Street view of the Orient Hotel.
A man on a red bicycle that is dragging a wagon behind it.
People are walking in Times Square in New York City.
Two dogs run through the water near a beach, with land on the horizon.
People going for a walk in a diverse city.
A line of people in red shirts are displaying numbered placards.
A man and a woman are running in a marathon.
A person is riding a bike along a street in a desolate city setting.
A group of three runners goes by in a race.
The benches are in a long row with the silver round tables aligned neatly.
A man sitting on a step.
A crowd in a daily routine in an Asian suburb.
Lady looking at a window display of a big gog licking its lips.
A young boy dressed in dirty clothes lays on a woven mat in shallow dirty water filled with garbage.
A child rides the back of a wooden pull cart.
Smiling woman in a blue apron standing in front of a pile of bags and boxes.
A man uses a dropper to conduct an experiment.
Two young boys, one holding an unicef bag, the other an unicef bucket.
Two young boys fetching water with a unicef pail.
Two white-skinned and one dark-skinned man are sitting side by side in jeans and black shirts.
Two women stand near a group of bicycles.
A middle-aged man with dark hair who is cooking and wearing a red apron.
A little girl in a red jacket is hugging a little boy.
A shirtless man in blue jeans runs down a dock towards the camera.
A woman walking on the sidewalk, in the city.
A man in a white shirt and blue jeans is talking on the phone near the street.
A baby wrapped in blankets is tucked into a metal wagon.
A shot of a building and sidewalk, people are visible in the distance
This is Thursday night at the local club, just wait till Friday night.
A man is sitting in a classic automobile while smiling and holding a plastic cup.
A man on street, standing over some artwork, while several people pass by.
Two young, blond brothers have their arms spread, one behind the other amidst a field of grass.
A worker dressed in a clean suit polishes a large mirror.
A person with a blue shirt and pants sitting on a bench outside.
A teenage girl in a pink tank top with two thumbs up.
Two belly dancers dancing next to a brick wall.
Women crossing the street in front of a black car.
Two people jogging together near the waterside.
A woman is eating a sucker outside of a building.
A child in a red shirt is running around in water.
A dog is jumping across an obstacle.
A spotted dog playing on a baseball field with another dog.
Six people in an American Business Club meeting.
A man in a white button up shirt and red tie talks to people in a restaurant.
A man in a blue shirt uses a spatula to stir food cooking on a grill.
A man and woman are pictured from behind sitting close together on a couch while they play Nintendo DS
A man is playing chess with a young boy.
People from infants to the elderly seem excited as one woman in a yellow shirt jumps off the ground in front of a sign saying "Bienvenue WELCOME".
People walk around at a carnival where large stuffed animals are on display.
Two vendors with red and white umbrellas are outside in the middle of a lot of people.
Many people on the street corner with brown buildings.
Two women, one holding a plaque, one wearing a name badge, in a diner.
A group of people of various ages at a conference talking.
Four women are browsing a photo album.
An older man opening a present.
Two young boys wearing red life jackets sit next to one another on the deck of a boat.
A man and a lady both wearing white shirts are looking off into the distance.
A man wearing all white and sunglasses hugs a woman from behind.
A man is on a bike in front of Eddies sweet shop.
Four girls are playing soccer while an adult looks over them.
A man and girl sit on a bench while eating ice cream cones.
A man in an orange shirt and bathing suit rolls in a plastic ball through water.
A man fishing sitting under an umbrella.
An African child with a wooden stool on his head, and another African child behind him
Several women sit holding handrails on an incline shuttle.
A young man sitting in the dark wearing a white shirt with his hand turning his face up wearing earphones.
A man and woman looking at vegetables.
Three little kids having fun with water from a fire hydrant on the sidewalk.
An Asian women competing in the winter Olympics.
A girl is climbing a rock wall.
Person walking down lighted tunnel with green handrail.
People walking down a busy street in a foreign country possibly.
Two girls lounge in camp chairs around a campfire.
A middle-aged man in a white hate, navy sweater, and khaki pants is putting a golf ball.
Two people in striped shirts sitting at a table.
Pedestrians are yielding to a firetruck as it enters the intersection.
Street musicians playing a accordion, violin and a guitar.
A woman in a white shirt is shown from behind in a cemetery.
A man with crutches passes behind a white truck.
A woman passes by with her child and her belongings in baskets on her back.
Asian man butchering a hog hanging from a hook.
A Chinese artist and scribe sets up his sign for display.
A man walking with a shopping cart wearing a t-shirt that reads "long live the dead".
A brown-haired man with a scruffy beard and a green shirt using a camera
A skateboarder doing a trick off a quarter pipe.
A man washing the corner of a jacket in a public fountain.
A person is walking by the bridge.
Lots of people sitting along a low wall in front of grass with buildings lining along the road.
Two men wearing hats walk by an old wall.
A man in an orange turban is standing in front of a basket containing a pack of marlboro reds and other small objects.
A little girl is squinting and looking into a lens.
On rainy streets a motorcycle with two helmeted people stops for a white car.
A group of people walking down a city street.
A woman in a blue dress is taking a picture of a statue.
A Minneapolis police officer stands in front of a lingerie advertisement.
Young man in green shirt play xylophone for crowd in public area.
A young lady is sitting in a floral setting with a sports drink in hand.
A troop in mustard colored uniform marching behind a troop leader holding a sword.
A busy outdoor kiosk to sell items.
A man in green with a beard and white hat is walking next to a large orange wall.
A line of people for a carnival ride.
Many people are standing on large stones that lay across a river.
People swim in the water near a long dock.
A band is playing a show on the edge of the water at night with a vibrant dancing crowd.
A woman in a University of Nottingham sweater playing with a child.
An amorous couple with water in front of them, an old building with ornate pillars in the background.
A little girl in a red pull over holding a toy in both hands smiling.
A group of people sitting outside of a house with a painting of a cowboy in a red shirt on the side.
A girl in a pink shirt is climbing onto a wooden chair.
A young boy stands next to a large pile of dirt.
Children are playing on a playground.
A man on a cellphone walking past four signs that all say "NEVER SLEEP AGAIN"
A man walks on the beach while carrying his shoes.
Two adults help pass out cake to children in a classroom.
Two young boys standing on a dirt hillside in the daylight.
Young boy in blue and young woman in turquoise stick their tongues out for the camera.
A mural of a man and women on the side of a building.
Some children are coming out to play in a courtyard.
A child playing on a swing set with construction workers in the background.
A child is lying on the floor drawing a picture of a girl, with two other children looking on.
A boy sits alone at the bottom of a stone stairway.
A closeup of a very excited young boy.
A man in a blue shirt walking down a mountain road with goats in his way.
A young man smiles and points at something off-camera, while standing in front of a display.
Workers cleaning up and rebuilding at a construction site.
Two girls are picking yellow flowers on a bright sunny day.
Two dogs are playing on the grass.
Two white dogs are looking out into the street and are sitting next to a white bicycle.
A group of people dancing at a restaurant.
A group of Asian men and an Asian woman are relaxing in a butcher shop.
A man uncovering a truck full of flower pots.
A man sitting near piles of produce peeling a vegetable.
A woman is writing something down while waiting at a mass transit stop.
A man in a green shirt and gray pants walking on a street and passing by a store.
A woman in a red dress walks down the street.
Group of people having a great fun on the streets of their city with balloons and flags.
Workers in green shirts are waiting on several customers.
A young man is riding a horse through a group of people while he talks on his cellphone.
A man in a wheelchair sits in front of a mural of a scared woman.
A woman in a green apron is carving meat from an animal carcass.
A woman sits with her baskets of flowers.
Man sitting on a stool in front of a stall that sells football scarves.
Man with cigarette in nun outfit.
A man in a nun outfit has a cigarette in his mouth.
A young child in a wagon on a sunny day.
We will take this photo together and put it in face book.
People talking at a flea market.
Older man with a striped shirt is waiting for someone to buy his flowers.
Two shirtless men walking on a crowded beach.
People walking around on a busy sidewalk at night.
A big group of bicyclist are riding around on a large bridge.
Dozens of cyclists ride their bikes on a suspension bridge, with no cars visible.
There is a group of young men huddled in a circle, seemingly singing.
A man in a blue jacket with white pants stands outside of a red brick building near another man holding two yellow bags.
People are crossing the signal.
A small asian boy is walking down the street in tradition asian clothing looking back at a lady dressed in high heels and a beige skirt.
A man stands in front of a vegetable display.
Asian street scene with two women in foreground, red building with lion poster in the background.
Four teens jump with balls on a basketball court.
A man with a purple shirt, blue sneakers, and a black backpack riding a bicycle.
A dark-haired woman walking while holding her baby.
A brown dog wearing a collar is chasing and biting on a red broom.
A green car parked near a crowded space.
Two men in a village in India are playing stick ball.
Some people walk on the street near a very large mural.
A group of musicians playing some music in front of a building.
A man holding fresh fruits in front of a market.
Groups of tourists walk across bridge while looking at views of old buildings.
A smiling woman with a black smear across her face holds an umbrella.
A clown in a white shirt and tie playing a violin.
Two women in a crowd are smiling together.
A man wearing a beret and tinted glasses stands in front of a microphone.
Pedestrians walking on the sidewalk in an urban setting.
Young girl with short, dark hair wearing a pink shirt climbing stairs in front of bicycles.
Girl sticks tongue out while hula hooping with two hoops
A black male athlete making a jump during a competition.
A couple is camping in the woods.
A woman in blue wearing glasses holds up a blue and white striped shirt to a boy wearing yellow who also has glasses.
A dog is carrying a yellow rope across rocks covered in seaweed.
A man in a suit is sitting outdoors and is using his laptop computer.
Five people standing on grass.
A woman with red shoes is standing in the middle of the street.
A man fishing in water with great waves.
A woman it talking on the phone behind a rack with the big blue plastic bottles.
A man is taking a photo in the photograph's direction.
A man is seated near another man that is standing on the sidewalk.
A crowd is sitting on a porch outside.
A man on stage shows his cue card to his friend.
A man with red shirt and black hat stares at another man.
The three men are playing with a frisbee.
A boy and girl are kissing by a lake.
A man sitting on a chair with his legs crossed looking off to the right.
A man on a lift inspects the facade of a building.
A man and in a black vest dancing with a woman with black hair.
A birds-eye view of people standing around holding their drinks.
A woman and a man and a child standing in a street with umbrellas
Two people wearing red hoodies ride their bikes down the street.
A couple embraces against a graffited pillar while a man take a photo.
Two men are shopping in a busy Asian marketplace.
A man in a blue shirt walks between rocks in shallow water near a scenic tropical beach.
A young man wearing jeans balances on a train track.
A person putting their hair up in a busy area of a city with several telephone booths in the background.
A man sitting at a white plastic table in the shadows.
Guys and girls in a cramped place with drinks in hand.
Two children stand with a net by a shallow shore.
A woman with sunglasses is working a control board.
Several people standing around at a party.
A group of people are talking to each other in a bar.
A man is sitting in a chair in the street playing his guitar.
Two men with fishing rods are standing on a shore
A football player in green tackles a football player in white.
A man in a blue jacket and white hat poses with an old fashioned camera.
A man rides a bicycle past an orange wall outside.
A group of people riding a walking belt at the airport.
People are standing on the sidewalk of a street.
A woman get some food from under a blue tent.
A group a young dancers perform together in front of Radio City.
A group of dancers are performing with matching outfits.
A man is skateboarding past a graffiti covered wall.
A woman is standing and looking out over the water while someone takes her picture
2 wet boys in blue swimming suits
An old man is sleeping in a chair outside an abandoned building.
A black woman sitting with an asian girl wearing fake tattoos.
A man is sitting in a chair and playing the guitar.
A woman tweaking something on a bike hanging from a fence.
A man wearing a red hat, red jacket, and red sunglasses is listening to his music player.
Santa is in the line of dancers for the parade.
A guy wearing a blue #5 jersey is hitting a yellow softball in a grassy field to some fielders.
A brown cat is sitting on top of an old car.
Man and women sitting on the steps in the evening with many pillars around them.
A white cat sits on a wall.
A man wearing a black jacket and hat is walking and holding a cigarette.
A woman with her child is waiting on a bench.
A young woman is sitting on a red bus looking out the window.
Dozens of people are walking on a huge plaza in front of a massive staircase.
A young man taking pictures as other civilians walk past him.
A man is using a camera in a stadium.
A man in a black jacket standing next to a road that overlooks a body of water.
People dressed in green uniforms are picking up some metal.
Two men are sitting down at a table with drinks looking out at another man walking with a bag.
People walking and a woman carrying bags.
A woman wearing a blue shirt, jeans and red converse sneakers takes a photograph.
View of the historic area of a European city.
A woman dressed in blue and wearing a tan hat is smiling.
An Asian woman standing in a crowded urban area listening to music.
A man riding a bike tries to cross a busy street.
Young boy in black shirt sits on mothers shoulders
A woman (Carol Thorn) in a red dress playing an electric cello on a stage.
People sitting on a set of bleachers.
Three men sit on a step next to each other.
An outdoor vendor with a table full of hats, dolls and jewelry.
Two monks in orange robes speak outside of a house where a man in normal clothes is walking out.
The woman is playing with a baby.
A man wearing a white shirt and khaki pants passes in front of a snack stand.
A group of elderly men sitting on a bench indoors.
A woman wearing a red dress is playing a string instrument.
Some people standing in amongst a large group of pinwheels.
Several people congregate at an umbrella topped table just outside of a shop named DAHLAK.
A person has two small children sitting in front of him on a motorcycle.
A man is holding up the white shirt he is wearing exposing is abdomen while sitting on a red motorbike.
An asian woman holds her baby, who is wearing a flowered jacket.
A military marching band of soldiers in formal uniform with red coats and fuzzy black hats march by, led by the saxophonist.
A man frowns with his camera.
A woman with short hair is playing the violin.
A bald man wearing glasses and a black shirt holing an instrument.
A couple stands at the top of a flight of outdoor stairs kissing one another.
The man in the blue shirt is riding his bike down the street.
A man dressed in chef's clothing holding a large spoon over a huge cooking pot on the stove.
A very busy street-side with many people interacting together near a chinese restaurant.
Several motorcyclists are riding down the road on a sunny day.
A couple of tourist in a Chinese market looking at their camera.
A young model poses for her photo shoot under a dock.
A girl is walking by a window with a purse.
A family is standing on a brick street talking to an artist holding a large sketch pad.
People are walking through an alley in Turkey.
A small crowd of people gathered together watching activity occurring in front of them.
A woman in a blue jacket is walking along a road.
A person dressed in black with a red backpack walking towards an outdoor market.
A colorful rickshaw with two patrons on the beach stopping at a coke kiosk.
Three males peering through a fence that is covered in rocks.
A man appears to be playing some sort of instrument.
A boy wearing red swim trunks is swinging from a rope into the water.
Street vendor in Europe sells to several elderly people.
Three men dressed in blue play guitar while a woman sings.
A band plays a gig to a crowd.
A band plays on stage with two people facing each other and singing, one person playing the drums, one on keyboard and one person on guitar.
A jazz cover band plays under hot strobe lights.
A person walks down a hallway of stone archways.
A bride on her wedding day wearing her orange belt.
Women in a white shirt with a scarf walking while texting on her phone.
A blond-haired woman in an off-white coat is shooing birds off a table.
An african american boy is standing in a caged area with his hand up to his face.
A girl stands nearby while a boy sits in an open doorway.
A group of people are completing a move with their heads slightly lowered and their arms bent and up.
Three people walk in front of a very reflective building.
Two women are wearing sunglasses and eating food.
A crowd of people gathers in a grassy area.
Women security officers standing in a group with sunglasses on.
Man in black shirt riding public transportation.
A view down a city street from a park center.
Scottish men in formal attire play the bagpipes.
People are lined up facing each other with bottles of amber liquid, boxes and labels.
A dark-skinned man in front of a vibrant red, black and white background.
Two people kiss on a very ornate balcony next to huge columns.
An elderly man with a cane is out shopping.
A man in a white shirt is accepting payment for food from two women.
Four older gentleman are outside sitting in chairs.
A large group of people are walking outside passing by a McDonalds.
Multiple people walking outside in the rain.
A man is standing in front of a white wall with a business advertisement on it.
A crowd of people sitting on a lawn clapping.
There are pink artificial tulips in a eatery, with three people in the background.
A worker in the liquor store.
A man in a green shirt trims the grass in a riding mower.
Four people are depicted inside a cathedral-like building.
A woman with short brown hair, in jeans and a leopard top is taking a picture.
A man with no shirt sitting on a moped.
A woman wearing a blue t-shirt that says Nike and carrying a vegetable.
A woman in a striped shirt is being shown a necklace.
Two women in shorts sitting on the steps of an apartment or house.
People are moving out of their home.
The orange haired dog shook its head while standing on the beach.
Middle-aged man with long blond-hair and wearing glasses sits with a crowd.
A young couple talking to an older woman on a busy platform.
A child standing in front of a giant mechanical elephant.
A woman is helping a girl draw a symbol in the stones.
2 woman walking down the street next to graffiti
Two motorcyclist ride down a street.
A couple of kids sitting on a bench playing with a red helmet.
A man sits outside his hotdog booth next to a construction site while reading a book.
A group of people lay in the park.
A man and a woman stop to take a picture in an outdoor setting.
A man in a blue jacket is talking into a microphone.
A man in a black t-shirt and black shorts vacuums in a bedroom.
A girl in the park is taking a picture.
A little boy raking the leaves with a rake.
A little Asian girl is standing on the street, holding a red bag.
The couples are dancing in the streets.
A man is standing next to a large black lion statue.
A woman in black pants crosses a busy sidewalk in front of a gentlemen's club.
Spectators are taking pictures of a bicycle race.
The man leads his black and white dog across a blue obstacle.
A man orders a hotdog from a street vendor.
A young blond girl holds a beach ball in the middle of a grass field.
Three young girls walk down a sidewalk.
A group of boys walk through a plaza.
A man is sitting on a chain.
A woman standing against a building looking at her phone, with her leg propped up.
A young man checks his phone while leaning on a newspaper bin.
A young man with no shirt on is standing near a car with surfboards on it.
A woman wearing a print robe is reading a book.
A man walks down a street where the houses are painted in a geometric pattern.
Cars and motorcyclists drive down a street lined with aged buildings.
A city street with fruit carts and a bus, and lots of people.
A man in all white sits outside with a feline friend.
A woman in blue top and tan paints painting a child hugging tree.
Two workers are working with a tool and attaching an item to stone.
People stand in the street outside of some tall cream colored buildings.
A busker performs on guitar among a crowded street.
Seven girls are standing in a line to play at the park
Two women dressed in white are standing on the sidewalk under an umbrella.
Man in khaki pants bent over in front of a wall covered in graffiti.
A shirtless blond man spray paints graffiti on a wall.
A woman in a white shirt and jean shorts standing with a beverage in her left hand.
A man in the street is playing drums on old cans.
A woman dress in all pink and gold staring at something.
People gathered outside of a church on the stairs.
A man with a briefcase walking in a area were art was painted on walls.
A young man is listening to headphones on the side of the street.
A woman standing at a crosswalk which has only the hand and the middle finger lit up.
A woman stands in a pool with three young boys.
A lady is swimming with two young boys both wearing green water wings.
Two men in hats digging up rocks and dirt.
Three girls with long brown hair are sitting next to each other near a tree.
A young woman is walking through seated spectators.
A woman wearing a black pencil skirt and white button-up shirt with flip-flops walks across the street.
Two people are sitting on the side of the road in front of a carnival.
Two Asian men with hard hats on a red scooter pass by two people kneeling down on the road with two baskets at their sides.
A boy gives the "thumbs up" while waterskiing on murky water.
A young man is taking pictures of two friends next to the ocean.
A man with a long beard is looking at the water.
A man is breakdancing on a large mat while some people watch.
A group of young people waiting to cross a street.
A man in a black shirt and white shorts breakdances in front of onlookers.
A biker riding alone in a remote area jumping over objects.
A young girl in glasses observes something in the distance.
A person in pink water goggles is blowing bubbles underwater.
A woman in a dress wearing sunglasses and a man wearing a blue shirt standing outside with a large crowd.
A woman is wearing blue shorts, a yellow blouse, and sunglasses.
Two girls standing on the side of the road.
This bike jump appears to put the skyline adjacent to the rider.
A man in a white shirt hiking over rocks and water.
Three brown puppies running in the grass.
Two people are picking up their belongings in front of a Subway.
A bearded man is taking photographs with a camera and long lens.
One man wearing glasses sits in front of an Apple computer and drinks from a cup while another man wearing a cap and glasses stands in front of a microphone.
Men are sitting on bags on the ground.
A man is cutting his hair in an open place.
Three guys hanging out outside of a fruit stand.
A baby hanging in a baby jumper on a deck by a sea port.
Children head down the street next to vehicle traffic.
Three men are bathing in a canal without their shirts.
Some kids playing video games.
A lady in a red shirt and bikini bottoms is about to go surfing on a blue board in the ocean.
A soldier is talking in front of several people.
People are on a roller coaster in front of a body of water.
Man and Woman viewing a lottery ticket in China.
A young shirtless boy in front of a pool while a woman in religious wear stands behind him.
Lady playing a game of hopscotch.
A woman with a yellow hat and multicolored dress examines a book on a patio.
A person and a child riding a lawn mower down the road.
Man in yellow shirt looking into his blue laundry bag, next to a washer.
A man operating some heavy machinery.
The man in the gray shirt is blocking the second person in the black shirt from view while looking into the washer.
Two older women are walking in shallow water.
An older blond woman with sunglasses leaning on a bridge railing on a sunny day.
A homeless man sits and stares
Heavyset women in a blue and white dress walks down a city block.
Three friends hanging out around a photo booth.
Two men are laughing in front of a light.
A girl sits against a building near a fire hydrant.
A man in black is sitting at a table taking a photo of an older woman on a patio.
Two women pole dance in the middle of the street.
A man tries to take a picture of a woman and himself kissing while they are standing surrounded by flowers.
A gentleman sitting alone at a table.
A person wearing gray converse shoes took a picture of the water barely touching their shoes.
A group of men dressed in strange clothing talk about their day.
A woman and man at a desk with stacks of cash or currency around them.
Sparks fly as a man welds steel.
2 men and a woman who is wearing red are holding a surfboard standing in the sand.
Some children play in the grass outside near a tree.
Two women looking at donkeys on a beach.
A group of people stands along the beach.
Two men playing with their black and white dogs on the beach.
Two old men sit on opposite ends of a park bench.
A woman with a green purse sits at a bar with an empty glass in front of her.
A bartender prepares many blended drinks.
Woman in a black bathing suit, lounging on a bed, atop of a building, with a tall white umbrella within her view.
Two women laugh at a joke on a stop sign.
A boy in a red shirt with a red heart shaved into his bleached hair talks on a cellphone.
A man with a red shirt and jeans walking through a downtown area.
An Asian photographer checks his camera in front of a fashion store with pedestrians walking around him.
A person surfing on the crest of a wave.
A man with a large white beard is pushing a cart full of trash bags and cardboard down a sidewalk.
A man playing drums on upside down jugs.
An old person watches TV while squatting in front of a store display case.
A man in a blue t-shirt and a face-mask works with hooks.
Two people are swimming in a large pool surrounding by beach chairs.
Two repair men in hard hats work on a construction site.
Most of them are wearing mask to protect them from pollution.
A girl is running on the grass.
Two children are riding on the back of a three wheel scooter driven by a young lady in pink.
A building has a bee painted on the roof.
Blond children sleep on an adults lap as they ride on a bus.
A woman in a dress, holding a stuffed animal, purse and umbrella, standing in the rain.
A woman is giving the camera a dirty look as she walks down the sidewalk.
Two individuals with large ear plugs are sitting next to each other.
A black woman with a scarf on her head stands on a sidewalk, smiling.
A young lady is walking in the street.
Two men are riding on a motorcycle down a road.
A woman eats popcorn from her popcorn stand.
A woman outside on the city streets wearing a black shirt talking on the phone.
A large number of elderly people are sitting on benches outdoors.
People in business attire, walk down an alleyway.
A spherical shaped sea aquarium building.
One man sitting in an Exuma with 3 other men standing around a construction site.
A blond woman wearing a tank top and different colored gloves.
Several young people play a board game using a large blanket in a grassy field.
Two people are walking and looking at stuffed animals.
A group of people looking at books in a library.
A woman is reading with a child.
A bunch of women in a library with kids.
People walking on a paved walkway near a sea port.
An older gentleman sits on a bench and smokes a cigar with his legs crossed.
A busy outdoor park in europe.
A woman in a blue skirt pushing a stroller along a tree lined street.
A volleyball player striking a volleyball.
Man in a white shirt and dark pants leaning against a wall with two shop windows that have bright lights.
A man in a green hat and striped shirt walking.
A female motorcyclist with helmet in hand is standing by her bike.
A woman with a green bag is taking a picture.
A guy in a black shirt and tan pants leaning a little out of a large window looking at something.
A young couple kissing by a bike rake.
A man painting in front of a storefront, his paintings are displayed.
A man is talking on his cellphone in front of a fountain.
A girl is in the air face up performing some sort of calisthenics or perhaps diving into a pool.
A gymnast wearing a black and orange suit in midair.
A lady with black hair and a burgundy and black suit is performing a dive.
A man washing windows on a red brick building.
A young woman wearing a glittery black costume glides across the ice.
People are looking up at an airplane flying by
A man in a white shirt talks to a group of seven children.
An older man with wild hair is checking out motorbikes.
A woman in a red coat is sitting in the grass with rabbits.
About six older women sit at a bench and talk.
An african man in a colorful hat is playing congo drums.
A man wearing a yellow hard hat is pulling on a rope.
A group of men in tuxedos are talking to people sitting on the sidewalk.
A young female swimmer is receiving a consolatory hug from a coach.
A beautiful street photo where people are walking by an old building.
A woman and old ladies sitting on a bench
A dad and a son enjoying a bike ride in a nice sunny day.
Attractive woman in black with her cellphone.
A guy in a black swimsuit getting out of the pool at a hotel.
Man standing on soccer ball with knees while two women watch.
Little girl wearing a yellow shirt jumping over a orange cone.
A young girl jumping over orange cones.
An older man in an orange ceremonial jacket holds a bunch of flowers.
A man in a blue shirt is carrying a bag over his right shoulder.
A young person with decorative face paint similar to a tiger's markings is snarling.
Several runners compete in a road race.
A small girl is doing a handstand while smiling
Women riding bikes on a city street.
A woman with a white purse walks across a gray platform in front of a tall building.
A man is wearing clown makeup.
A man with brown pants is selling food from a mobile vending grill.
A man is holding some paperwork regarding bank bail outs.
A child wearing a red shirt is rolling a bowling ball down a lane.
A woman with a designer handbag is admiring the view.
A man rides his bike past the Chung May Food Market.
A store is open at nighttime.
A man in heavy makeup and a bloody shirt is holding a water bottle.
People are biking in a public walkways.
Bikers participate in a two way street ride, with lanes separated by yellow cones.
Two cars being washed in a parking lot.
A boy with jean shorts and bright blue sneakers is riding a skateboard next to a tall fence.
Young woman dressed in black looks over articles from a street vendor.
A teenage boy with a red hat sits along side a pedestrian bridge while people walk by.
People in an eatery laughing and talking.
On a sunny day this tattooed man removed is clothing at a detail shop.
A busy city with cars and people with a giant skyscraper.
Group of american camel riders on a dirt road smiling and having fun.
A blond woman holding something out in her hand while another woman and man walk past her.
A man reading a book on the sidewalk with just his blue pajamas and headphones while sitting on a chair.
A biker with a baby in a small compartment with bikers in the background.
A child in a denim jacket with "Love Kills Slowly" written on the back of it.
People are walking in the street while other people sit and have lunch.
A soccer player is laying down injured being assisted by the referee and another player.
Two men are carrying nets near a pier.
Two women are playing in the water on a beach near the shoreline.
A green semi covered bridge exists in front of a house.
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt is tumbling towards the end of a yellow slide.
Three people, all wearing dark clothing, stand talking at a street corner.
The dinosaur exhibt is next to a tree that has a balloon stuck in its branches.
A guy in a blue shirt is pulling something.
A building with a large sign which reads, "Pain is Temporary, Quitting Lasts Forever".
A large crowd standing in front of a busy building.
A child in a green jacket and blue hat sits on a bench eating ice cream out of a cup.
This is a professional diver.
A woman in a red and blue shirt is staring at a poster on the wall.
Two men are enjoying themselves in a skate park, one riding a bike while the other rides his skateboard.
A woman in a green shirt talks on a cellphone while walking past a man in a blue shirt who is sitting and reading a newspaper.
Three people dressed up playing music on a sidewalk.
Three younger men dancing in front of a semi-circled crowd.
A couple of students lay next to one another in a concrete park.
A man in gray and black is playing a black acoustic guitar with a slightly shorter woman who is wearing pink and playing a violin.
A male performing breakdancing outside in front of a crowd.
A woman with tattoos who is wearing a black tank top looks at the ground.
Man in a field takes a photograph looking downhill.
A woman riding a blue bike is carrying a white chair on her neck.
A man tickles a young child in front of a sunny window.
A geisha stands outside of a store peering to her side.
People riding on a motorcycle on a waterfront street.
Man in long-sleeved t-shirt sitting at a kitchen table eating from a paper plate.
An asian man in glasses and a blue dress shirt is giving a presentation using a projector.
A man and a woman walk past a storefront.
A man and woman are laying towels down at the beach.
The street lamp is the focal point, but there is a person bent down directly behind the lamp.
A little girl runs down a path in a Japanese garden.
A man with a backpack reads a book near a woman relaxing on a concrete slab.
An older gentlemen cleans the bar while a man behind observes.
A woman performer on a stage with a microphone.
A train station platform at 11:27 in the morning.
A man with flowers looking out his second story window.
Woman sitting atop a row of blocks.
A schizophrenic man paints a caricature of two men despite there being only one woman.
A woman focuses her digital camera at major event.
A woman holds a black umbrella and a white shopping bag in the rain.
People with umbrellas walking past shops in the rain.
A couple stops on a bride to look at a pond.
An older man performs repairs on a young man's bicycle.
A woman and a man sit on a stone bench, with tall buildings behind them.
A person huddles under a blanket while sitting on a bench.
Two mowers cutting down palm tree branches in a nearby community college during a windy day
People sitting down in a busy metropolis.
A man in an airport waves at the camera.
Raining outside and three black umbrellas and one yellow and pink umbrella.
A woman is sitting next to a flower stand in front of a McDonald's restaurant.
An individual pushing rain off the tops of the canopy.
A group of people at a flower stand look as a large amount of waterfalls from above the tent.
Two people wearing backpacks walking along side a building.
A person in a green and white shirt is riding a dirt bike near a group of trees.
A little boy running through the grass with a flag.
A black child sitting on a toy giraffe biting his fingers.
A woman in the hospital is holding her baby
A man in a blue helmet is walking beside smoke and a red truck.
A yellow can in New York City.
A man in tribal dress is walking down the street while spectators are standing behind red and white barrier tape.
A woman in an orange shirt is enjoying food in a public setting.
The dog with all the comforts of home and yet still has no home.
People riding the escalator rather than taking the stairs.
Several glass and ceramic items are arranged on shelves with a mirror backing.
A woman reads her book at a local city park.
A woman in brown is holding her child in front of an Asian-inspired building.
People looking at expensive equipment and smiling
A man in a black baseball cap is sitting on a bench.
The man is wearing orange in front of dust and debris.
A skateboarder performs an aerial trick amongst dingy-looking walls with power lines crisscrossing the background.
Some Asian teenagers withdraw money from an ATM.
Two men and one woman wearing suits walking down a street.
Two men and one women are standing in front of a stove cooking.
A man looked very small, as he walked along the ancient building.
Various people hanging around outside of a building.
A man in a cream blazer and fedora plays the saxophone.
A person in a red shirt and black pants hunched over.
Female in a military uniform with her hair tied back.
Construction work on a road in the downtown area.
Two women wearing boots and holding bags are talking to each other.
An Indian woman in traditional garb walks by with an umbrella.
This path leads up to the apple market entrance.
A man sitting on some steps on a sidewalk of shops.
A man with a backpack staring to the camera on a yellow abstract background
People riding an old looking trolley.
Two women reading a poster on the Berlin Wall
A black car passes a Walgreens.
Three men are deciding to eat a chicken from a local store.
Three women dressed in white are walking together.
A woman on a scooter with a cigarette hanging out of her mouth.
The little girl plays along the shoreline as the seagull passes by.
A woman in red sitting waiting to have her fortune told at a fortune tellers.
A person in a yellow shirt cycles past a historic looking building.
Two men shave at an outdoor sink as a woman looks on.
Young black males playing basketball in a gym setting.
A man walks down a brick sidewalk pushing a box.
A busy, recreational trail near a waterway accommodates walkers and cyclists.
A little boy in a brown and orange shirt is sitting by a street.
A man and woman are looking at many balls on the ground.
A woman is walking on a sidewalk across the street from a Discount food and clothing store.
Two women are pulling suitcases along a wide sidewalk.
Men throwing tomatoes from a large trash ben.
Woman talks on her phone while picking up burritos.
Someone wearing black shirt and shorts and another wearing gray top and jeans skirts are walking their dogs.
A green Animaniacs mug next to a man writing on a desk.
A young woman wearing a black and red striped shirt stands in front of a microphone, across stage from a guitar player.
A man and woman are sitting on a bench facing a poster of a woman.
A child who is missing one shoe is sitting on a red cushion.
This young Asian man rests for a short while outside of an office building.
A man wearing a blue shirt is on the sidewalk giving another man a shoeshine.
People are throwing tomatoes at each other.
A woman has a green and white jacket lifted up over the top of her head.
A girl kneeling before the edge of a cliff
A naked man sitting in the park near his bike reading the paper.
A woman covers her head while outside in the bright sunlight.
Two little guys sitting on a brick wall, the younger one is reading something to the older one.
Identical looking factory workers are paying attention.
A blond girl in a pink sweater is holding a baby.
A man in brown shoes sits against a gray wall.
Two large dogs are playing together in a yard with a tall fence.
A man is blowing water out of a pipe.
An outdoor event with a guy securing a tarp to a shelter.
A parade of some sort is taking place.
A crowd of men dressed as Japanese samurai are striking various poses.
People walk down a street during a rainy day.
A man dressed in a white superhero costume with a gold star is jumping in the air in a public square.
A glassblower is crafting a beautiful piece of art in his fire.
A young boy wearing a red shirt and jeans stands in the middle of a field and throws a toy plane in the air.
Green cloth material in front of a street, with people walking by in the background.
A man in a green shirt is carrying a basket above his head while talking to a group of people.
A bike messenger walking in the park.
A man is checking his cellphone, while two other men are buying beer at a store.
The parade of the Olympians is crowding the stadium.
A shirtless black man holds two caucasian blonds, while one girl holds his head in her hands.
Paddlers are getting in a water fight.
A nice road and walkway by a river leading up to a bridge.
A woman walking down the street in the rain.
A young girl is outdoors looks at gowns.
The man is walking through a field carrying hay.
A group of people in clown makeup perform on the street.
A crippled women playing a sport.
An Asian man stands on a brick sidewalk in front of a red scooter.
Two people in makeup handing out papers on the street.
A group of people with their faces painted are standing outside.
Two women reading while sitting on the bench.
Two men in plaid shirts riding horses and they are lassoing a calf.
People are playing a sport and wearing green shirts.
A white man is sitting on a brown horse as he swings a lasso around above his head.
Two boys wearing green shirts playing ping-pong in a tournament.
A older man, a middle-aged man, and young man are each sitting on a horse and looking in various directions, in a corral near a large tree.
The two men are riding horses to chase a white horse.
A middle-aged man in a Superman shirt and knee socks walks down a sidewalk past a brick building.
A young girl is blowing the seeds off a dandelion.
A woman riding a brown and white horse trying to rope a calf.
A man in a cowboy hat rides a brown horse.
Man directing a herd of cows down a path while riding a horse.
A cowboy wearing a brown shirt that says US Army holding a horses lead.
Two men ride horses and talk while other men are also riding horses around them.
A little boy playing on a playground.
Three women and one man sit in a room with two instruments.
A man playing on road and a ball is running.
A man on horseback, inside a corral, is chasing a steer.
A couple are waiting near their bags, as some walkers pass.
A woman in a pink tank top rides a horse in a rodeo.
Two horsemen are chasing a cow around the lot.
A woman in a bikini top that has a tattoo on her back is looking to her left.
A woman is ridding on a horse is beat a cow.
A person riding a horse trying to rope a calf that is running from them.
Two guys one guy i ridding a white horse.
Two women walking down a city sidewalk, one is wearing black shirt with red pants other wearing blue sweatshirt with jeans.
A woman ropes a calf in a rodeo.
Man in a orange and white stripe shirt sitting on a boat talking on a phone.
A very calm, peaceful lake with a mountain in the background and a man fishing.
A man in a yellow shirt standing at a long table looking at different kinds of flower arrangements on the table.
A group is looking at things for sale.
A lot of shirtless and messy men are playing a game.
A dark-haired woman wearing a red skirt and white top uses a pay phone.
Three children play on the grass under a multicolored umbrella and wearing rainbow colored outfits.
A couple walking down a street.
A bride talking to men at her wedding.
A small dog wearing a denim miniskirt.
A young girl holding a small child who's wearing blue overalls.
A man rides hid rickshaw down a deserted street.
A girl n an orange dress rides a bicycle on an otherwise empty street.
A group of motorcyclists riding down the street.
An elderly Asian man is sitting on stone steps in what looks to be a downtown business environment.
A man in a black sweatshirt walks three small dogs.
A man in a black shirt looks at the camera; various textiles can be seen hanging in the background.
A woman on a scooter is stopped at a city intersection.
A man without a shirt on walking behind a maroon Ford truck.
A man with lei's around his neck, holding a microphone.
A man in a blue shirt is walking over a bridge.
Cars are parking at a convenience store.
Lots of people sitting at a table with green umbrellas on it.
Man with no shirt walking behind a truck.
An elderly woman pushing a cart filled with boxes walks by theater sign for "South Pacific".
A woman in a black shirt with a yellow headband sits with a coffee.
Three people including a long-haired girl with her arm outstretched and her hand palm up.
A person standing outside an old building with headphones on.
A man in a black hat is holding a cellular phone in front of his face.
A child plays in a Wiggles car while a man watches.
An older man is looking at a woman in a yellow shirt while they sit on benches in front of a stone and plaster wall.
A man in a blue shirt is on a phone.
A woman with sunglasses is walking past a brick building in the city checking her cellphone.
A woman in a black shirt looks at her camera.
A man in a black leather jacket turning his back to a trashcan.
Men in white suits stand in the road and along the side of the road.
Two people, one in a red shirt, are sitting by the water facing some boats.
A man and woman are standing with two red bicycles.
An older man with his hard hat in hand, standing and staring out at something.
A man on a bike is riding through a small crowd.
A man, with a dog, holding a leash and a small bag.
This Photo is in another Country, like Japan?
A man playing an instrument underneath some stairs and a red car in the background.
The couple relax on the steps studying the guidebook.
A man and a couple of woman preparing a yellow vehicle with supplies to take to a destination.
A woman is talking to a man.
A man and two women are patronizing a vendor on the street.
People sitting outside in a park on a rock.
Two women are talking to each other on a street.
A young woman having some break on a big perimeter wall.
Two teenage boys are racing- the one with long hair is winning.
A man wearing a green long-sleeved shirt is running.
Young boy in white shirt runs on a track holding a marker.
Several people are standing at a bus stop.
A busy city scene with many different types of vehicles either parked, or moving along on the freeway.
A child in a green shirt rides a bicycle.
Two dogs chasing each other in the grass
A man is wearing a very strange hat.
An action shot of a kid in green performing a skateboard trick off some steps.
A green bike is parked next to a door.
A woman with black hair wearing a sleeveless dress stands next to a car.
A girl sits on a skinny canoe.
The lady with the dark shades on is in a conversation with her friends.
Man in a blue shirt and red shorts standing on the sidewalk.
Many pink and purple balloons are crowded into an outdoor area as a woman with an umbrella walks by.
A crowd of people on a street corner, three boys with their shirts tucked up.
People are in an area where there is lighting illuminating the area.
People walking along on a street at night.
Two men and a woman stroll down the city street past storefronts.
This is a man shoveling snow, next to a car.
A young couple walking outside by a wall with graffiti on it and a light blue older model car.
A young man with a retro hairstyle waits beside a car.
A gray and brown dog jumps off a dock into a lake
A man takes a photo of a woman wearing an oriental style hat on a small dock.
A boy with a white shirt rolled up is showing his stomach and smiling.
A man in a hat is sitting in a chair.
A couple takes their own picture in front of the Arc De TRiomphe, from across the street.
A city at night with people walking around.
Man with a backpack on walking down a street, red information stand in the background.
A couple walks down a pedestrian street at night.
Yellow light bathes several diners sitting outside of a small French restaurant.
A woman in a public market cutting a chicken into small pieces
A man is browsing things for sale on the street.
A group of people congregate at a mall.
A woman in a bathing suit is sitting on a dock over a body of water.
A group of people are standing on steps in front of a building.
A crowd of people wait at the top of the stairs outside a building.
A woman in a batman shirt walks down the boardwalk.
A crowd of people with the focus on a woman with long blond-hair and a black shirt.
Several people buying food at an Asian food market.
Motorcyclist racing on a track with a yellow dirt bike and a Kawasaki-branded green advertisement sign.
A man with a large mustache and purple hat.
A female is walking up a ste of steps with water to her left.
A girl is holding a camera and making a hand gesture.
Two people can be seen in the distance in an alley between two large buildings.
Lady in white shirt with a green bag posing for the camera
An elderly woman dressed in pink is walking and clutching a magazine.
A girl with a white dress is posing for the camera.
An older couple pose with a motor scooter, while wearing renaissance festival clothing.
The man ponders his situation during a stroll through the yard.
A number of people cross in front of the top of an escalator.
A snowboarder in the air, with a colorfully-decorated board.
A man without a shirt, sitting on a chair on a riverbank, talking on a cellphone.
A boys choir group is responding to gunshots fired during a ceremony.
An Asian man in short shorts and knee pads jogs down the street.
A motorcycle rider is making a sharp turn.
A man in a hat with a camera and a lady holding a sign.
A man wearing a prison jumpsuit is having his picture taken
Older man in a white shirt and a black tie wearing a black beret and walking down the street.
Two women are sharing an umbrella walking down the sidewalk.
Two boys on skateboards in front of a statue of a soldier on a horse.
A snowboarder makes a jump in a competition.
A biker with long blond-hair eating an ice cream cone.
A woman in a blue talks with a fruit salesman on the street.
A group of snowboarders fly over the crest of a hill.
Two women, one wearing pink and one wearing orange doing kitchen chores.
A young couple holds hands as they walk along a city street.
A man and woman are enjoying the view of the city.
Young woman with scrabble shoes and white rimmed sunglasses talks and smiles on cellphone while opening package.
A man in a white shirt smokes while giving instruction.
A young boy eating a small cake is in a shopping cart filled with groceries.
A man in a black shirt is under a fire ball.
The girl with the pink workout gear is doing a flip.
People using crosswalk on big city street.
A little girl kicks a ball in front of a soccer net.
The woman is looking closely at shoes she likes.
A young man and lady are walking on a sidewalk next to a white building.
A man sitting alone on a picnic table in front of a yellow truck eating lunch.
A family, daughter in the middle, walks down the street.
A man and his son walk by an adult video store.
An older man with gray hair is standing outside of a store.
A child in a red shirt is sitting on his father's shoulders.
A young blond woman walks through a street with a black purse.
One young girl is holding a baseball bat over her shoulder
A chubby man rides away down the street on a bike.
Men and women in a military parade.
A group of people in orange costumes stand around large packages.
A boy sits on the grass near a geometric sculpture.
A person on a cellphone stands at a window in a high ceiling room with black white an red tile.
People are on a ledge outside of a building.
A teenager develops his skateboarding technique in front of a beautiful, ornate building.
Two people kiss in the street of a well-lit city.
A woman is sitting down on the sidewalk is receiving a wristband given to her by another woman.
This lady is wearing a pink shirt and tuning her guitar
A large group of cyclists ride down a city street.
Seven firefighters are looking up at a building.
A policeman is roping off an area with police tape while onlookers watch.
A group of people standing on a sidewalk.
A man with glasses reads through a menu on the lake-side patio of a restaurant.
Man with a weapon lying against a wall.
A monk in a cream tunic standing in a marketplace.
A old man with a cane standing outside.
Six people sitting by the window in a restaurant, getting ready to order.
A male figure standing and peering across a body of water.
A man is wearing a plaid hat, a watch, jeans, numerous accessories, and a shirt with a white circle and the number four in the middle.
A group of people look off of an observation deck.
Two men speaking while looking over the railings over a river.
A man takes a break from his hiking trip.
A man is walking on a sidewalk in front of a building.
A young blond lady is having a cigarette while she walks.
A man and a woman are wearing helmets while kissing in the street.
An old couple is walking down the street holding hands.
A girl in a pink jacket is going headfirst down a red slide.
A man wearing jeans and sandals drawing in a wall.
A man wearing a white T-shirt and blue overalls is walking down the street.
An older man walking past a buildings covered in graffiti.
A beautiful city shot with a fountain and a lady sitting on some steps.
A man is sitting aboard a vessel and reading a newspaper.
There is a guy barbecuing and he is wearing glasses and a red hat.
This is a young boy on a beach holding a stick.
A young girl is driving a pink toy Cadillac car.
Many people are watching a man in yellow make animal balloons.
A family of three relaxing in the middle of the day.
Man on the sidewalk sitting on a motorcycle.
A Chinese man is pushing a wheelchair with nobody in it on a busy Chinese street.
A girl with hot pink toenails and bathing suit is laying on a hot pink towel.
A woman in a blue bikini top is walking.
A girl watches sports players by a wall covered in graffiti.
Three men sitting on the curb in front of a convenience store.
Two men sitting on step outside.
A bride and husband are seen outside of building after they are married.
A couple in business attire sit on a corner cafe with al fresco dining.
A family sits in a conservatory with lawn chairs and has a picnic.
Old man standing with white t-shirt and hat.
A man grabs for support as he walks on a scaffold.
Vendors serve food on the street.
A woman in a white hat and a red and white striped shirt sitting on a wall.
An Asian woman in a white shirt sitting in a blue chair.
A person painting a mural on the side of a building while people are standing around watching.
A crowd waits to interact with some people in an indoor location.
A poverty stricken housing area with a lady in black with white headdress in the distance.
Two men standing outside next to a building.
Three policemen are standing around someone in a gray sweatshirt with stripes.
A man with a hat leaning against a post reading a newspaper.
A man sitting and a woman laying in his lap kissing each other.
Four people in skydiving gear in a plane high above earth.
Two females are wearing bikini tops and very short shorts while walking down the street.
It is dark out and two women are standing around.
A group of people walk, in a relaxed line, across a brick paved courtyard.
Girl with turtleneck sweater and guy with large bushy hairdo wait to cross road.
A young man in a striped hoodie looks at an artistic Levi's advertisement that says "We are all workers."
An Asian girl standing outside a building.
A woman is sitting in the corner eating a sandwich.
People in traditional military fare and two people riding elephants somewhere in Southeast Asia.
Two men stride side by side on the sidewalk along a red painted wall.
School children dressed in yellow.
A woman in black, seen from behind, sits next to a body of water.
A blond woman sitting with her legs crossed with her eyes closed.
A man wearing black pants and a hat sleeps on a bench in front of a histories building.
A group of men standing atop a submarine
A group of people who are dressed nicely are relaxing together on green grass.
Little boy with a green and red outfit and sandals, squatting down on a sidewalk.
Two men wearing red pants and holding onto a vertical ladder, appear to be doing acrobats outside a building.
A young lady is sitting close to homes with solar panels.
A blond girl with a blue coat is putting her helmet on to ride her bike.
A mural with an eye and hands says "stop the violence, we heart a safe N.Y."
A tanned woman is riding a bicycle while wearing a white bikini.
A tourist boat on a river by a fake old building.
A woman is sitting on a moped inside a shop.
Three people are standing on a fire escape.
Two people dressed in athletic clothing walk down the street, while the taller of the two is holding a basketball.
Two young men talking in front of a Penn State Basketball table.
A man leaning over a car with a beard looking at the camera while working on a car.
A woman with red-hair looking to her left.
A man in a blue sweater and black pants exits a news and grocery store.
A mother pushing a stroller and holding the hand of a toddler.
Brown dog with mouth open standing amidst greenery.
A group of people relaxing at some tables.
A man in a baseball cap and sunglasses in standing inside a candy kiosk.
Five people are standing under an Asian archway.
A group of people gather and take pictures in an inner city common grounds.
2 Chinese people wearing traditional clothes
Three men in hard hats, a couple, and a child look down upon something.
A man sits on the beach next to a pole.
Lead singer of a band holds a paper and a microphone stand with this band playing behind.
A woman wearing shorts and high heels is listening to something on her phone.
Several people are singing into microphones and drinking.
A free runner is jumping a rail.
One man, in a blue jacket, is sitting in the rain under a green umbrella.
A long city street surrounded by large buildings
An overhead view of people walking on the street down below.
A woman hula-hooping in a red shirt.
A man with no shirt on is standing next to a dumpster outside.
A group of children playing with props
A young hockey player playing in the ice rink
A woman examines a sample through the eyepieces on a microscope.
A couple places their arms around each other walking down a long corridor supported by stone pillars.
A child in a knight costume having his picture taken.
Two people embracing in front of a building with logo on the building that says Monk Kok.
There is a wave about to take down a surfer.
A man in a ball cap stands in a crosswalk with a flag in a crowded city.
A woman who is performing on stage with a microphone.
A man walks down the street in front of a white van.
Two opposing footballers play on a field.
A person flying a hang glider over a city.
People filming a lady who is reporting.
A man in a canoe throws a fishing net out into the water.
4 people appear to moving various objects from a building
Men and women walking down a sidewalk next to a garden.
A young boy stands in a button-down shirt and shorts.
A girl is taking a photograph on a nice lawn while others lounge next to her.
Three young men face an older man with a whistle.
An elderly woman in blue and red crosses the street in a crosswalk.
An arrow pointing at a man in a white hat who is walking by.
A woman walks with her bike behind two people carrying umbrellas.
A bald man walking among columns on a sidewalk.
There are people walking down a busy nighttime street with signs lighting the way.
Three young kids sitting by a beautiful view.
A group of men and women hanging out on a cliff and recording scenery.
Person in a green hooded sweatshirt, looking at the view.
A large group of young children are lined up, while several adults look on.
A person is sitting in front of a graffiti covered wall.
A group of small school boys wearing uniforms take a break in front of a large monkey statue next to the ocean.
The people are crossing the street towards a restaurant.
Two black and white dogs on the sandy beach fighting over a long stick
Two little boys are fixing a little bike.
A jockey rides a brown horse on a sidewalk by a body of water.
A bus stop contains many people with interesting items.
Groups of people are walking down a narrow street, a woman wearing a black shirt is carrying a white umbrella.
A man in a shirt that reads Hippie Killer smiles at his girlfriend in a Return of the Living Dead shirt.
A few people are walking in a waterfront area.
This man is stretching his scarf and cheering.
A young man walks through a puddle outside with a blue three wheeler bike is parked in the same puddle.
A man standing near a stick structure.
These little girls are in Chinese geisha outfits and makeup, holding red umbrellas.
A shirtless little boy playfully shields himself from a fire engine's spray with an umbrella.
A man in athletic clothing, bending down to tie his shoe.
Group of people on deck of beach house
A woman in a red shirt standing in an open courtyard doing an exercise with a man in a white shirt and pants onlooking.
3 people riding motorcycles down the street.
A man wearing a mask with green dreadlocks and blue gloves stands in front of a woman in a brown cardigan.
Three cowboys on horses work together to rope a calf.
The big white cow is decorated with a red ball of yarn.
A teenager in a red shirt is riding a bicycle.
A woman with large leopard print earrings takes a video.
A woman poses with a minstrel in a city square.
One kid is chasing another kid who is holding a football.
A woman in a red shirt and hat smokes beneath a religious-themed placard.
Two dogs are wrestling over a piece of black material.
Many people protest as they walk down the street.
A young boy in green pants is standing alone on a road.
A woman is sitting by the water near two students.
A lady with blue hair sit and plays a guitar in front of a blue wall.
A woman in a striped shirt points to something with her blue umbrella.
A city street in which one women with a brown bag and white clothing passes a show store.
A caricature artist sits under a red and white striped umbrella.
A young blond-haired boy wearing a number on the front of him leans on a railing.
A guy on a motorcycle at a streetlight.
A group of three Asians standing in the middle of a big city discussing something.
An excited child running in a race.
City sidewalk with posters on a wall, several people walking by with city buildings in the background.
A man in a black shirt bowls an orange bowling ball.
A man tilts forward on one foot at a bowling alley just after releasing the bowling ball from his hand.
A woman in a brown shirt sitting on a bench.
A couple is walking up the stairs to a bridge in a downtown part of a city.
Brunette woman sits on a chair on the corner of the street reading.
Four people sit outdoors at a white square table as a man in a striped pink shirt stands and talks to them.
A young man wearing glasses looks frustrated in a laundromat.
A girl waits to cross the street while comforting a baby in a stroller.
A woman walks along the sidewalk in front of a mirror
A child and an adult are walking down the sidewalk.
Two people sit in front of a computer while wearing sunglasses.
A man rides a wakeboard attached to a parachute.
A young man in a black t-shirt with a green hat standing.
Two women in swimsuits by a bench are staring up at a giant white balloon.
Four men are walking down the street in their orange attire.
A young man is sky surfing with a board that has painted an orange flame skull
A man is parakiting on a body of water.
A woman wearing a dark top and dark sunglasses is walking in wedge heels and making a face.
A man running a marathon talks to his friend.
A man in a white t-shirt sitting on the hood of a car.
A woman is kneeling on the ground taking a photograph.
Old women using a walker to go down the sidewalk.
The older lady in the white skirt is wearing pink shoes.
A crowd of people coming down the stairs from the court house.
A little boy falling asleep in his dad's lap on a green lawn.
A blond woman with a 40s hairstyle and leopard print shirt.
A man and woman are crossing the street wearing formal clothing.
Protesters are in the background of this photo whereas a magazine display is in the foreground.
Crowds of people walking down street, couple in foreground with umbrella.
A girl in a dress is walking down the street and the street is full of trees.
A parking lot in the city with people walking through it.
On older Asian man in a yellow button down is looking at the camera.
Black man juggling a basketball, bowling ball and a tennis racket.
Worker wears a mask to protect his face from spicy chili fumes.
A woman is holding the skirt of her dress up.
Two street people and a dog sitting on the ground and one is holding an "out of luck" sign.
People are clustered together on a city street.
An old man sleeps on the grass at the foot of a large tree.
Two workers wearing hats are standing in a field.
Asian couple with two children are looking at fruits and vegetables at a stand.
A man in dark clothing sits on a bench in front of a truck.
Two men dressed in white robes and red capes ride bicycles while carrying staffs topped with skulls.
A few people stand near white pillars in front of a yellow wall.
Two men paint modern mural on a wall with a inclining walkway.
A man with tattoos carrying a skateboard gives thumbs up on the sidewalk.
Women dressed in red and black dresses walk in a circle in front of a store as a small crowd looks on.
A man in a yellow t-shirt holds a large camcorder.
Several Indian woman in brightly colored clothing are working.
A group of people are having a conversation outside of a building.
Some people are gathered in front of a building with posters strung up on the walls.
A curly-haired man plays guitar at a ceremony while people look on.
A Coke truck is driving pass a blue truck parked on the side of the road.
A woman walking with groceries walking past graffiti
A girl dressed in black with a purse on her arm is smiling at a man in a room with lots of desserts on the table.
A man wearing a white shirt and black shorts is walking by some old buildings.
A man in a white shirt and a woman in an orange top sit together on the beach.
A man selects a tomato at a market.
A man is midair performing a trick on his bike against a cloudy blue sky.
A man in blue makes his way through a crowd during a race.
A man wearing red sits up in the air on a platform.
A girl sitting on a rock looking over the lake.
A man is walking down the sidewalk to his destination as he reaches inside his pocket.
A cowboy being thrown off a bucking horse at a rodeo.
Smiling kids with silly blue hats on their heads.
A group of women dressed in purple are gathered together near a truck.
The girl wears a purple outfit and swings upside down.
A man pumping gas while on his cellphone.
Three dogs play together on the green grass.
Three running men participating in a marathon.
A woman in a green shirt is running a race and looking at her watch.
People walking down a pub-laden street surrounded by billboards.
A man walks along a cobblestone path, next to a large blue wall.
Customers are waiting to get some food.
A man wearing shorts and black shoes performs in front of a crowd.
A group of people look at sand sculptures.
Someone laying on a big tanned sofa outside next to a parking meter
A man talks on his cellphone in private.
A female in a flowered shirt holding a brown menu.
California running back is taking a hand off.
A seamstresses works to fit model mannequins in her darkened studio.
Woman wearing colorful scarf amidst people cheerfully grins.
A brown-haired woman wearing a red shirt, a blue backpack and sunglasses on her head.
Brunette woman in a white shirt, standing in front of a counter.
An Asian man prepares his produce at his stand for the daily market.
A woman with thinning hair is working in a meat processing plant.
A person hitting a ball in a game of Cricket.
Two girls walking underneath a purple umbrella.
A woman with a large purse resting her foot against a wall.
A man paints a vivid orange and yellow wall.
Two male athlete in black shirts are running along a street.
A yong woman in a gray shirt holds a necklace she is wearing.
People dressed in formal attire prepared for an event.
Some people participating in a road race.
A black dog and a white dog play with each other and a green ball.
A young child dressed in a white robe.
Someone who doesn't care about the earth was here.
An older woman in a dress stands near bushes.
A person sits in a park while playing a small instrument.
A crowd of people walking through a walkway of sorts.
A young man stands outdoors in front of electronic equipment with his arms folded while another man in the background wears headphones.
Many people walk along a crowded street.
A lady pushes a stroller while a man carries a child on his shoulders while walking and wearing Labor Day 2010 blue t-shirts.
A clown handing out American Flags and entertaining some children.
A young blond boy riding a red, white, blue, and yellow bicycle with american flags on it.
A man and a woman with backpacks are outside.
People boarding a blue, white, and gold train.
Two dark-haired young women dressed in t-shirts are running in a race.
A black dog is being chase by two brown dogs on the beach.
A woman talking to a person dressed up as the statue of liberty.
A child sits on a motorcycle which as an American flag coming out the back.
A mock statue of liberty is standing in the crowd.
A woman in a red shirt is waving while standing behind another woman with black hair.
An elderly man sits in a chair in an alleyway.
A man doing window shopping for his shoes at a sports shop located in the city of angles
A man next to a horse is sitting in a chair selling artwork.
A Seattle firefighter standing in front of his truck.
A fireman gazes out around him in deep thought.
Two firefighters with "Seattle Fire" on the back of their gear face their truck.
Two men run in a race, side by side.
The outside of a business is shown with a trashcan and four people walking around.
A scuba diver is playing the drums.
A man sitting at a fruit stand talks to a boy wearing a bookbag.
Vendors sell fruit in an open-air market under an olive tree.
Two firemen getting ready to get onto a firetruck.
A firefighter dressed in gear looking puzzled.
A group of darkly clothed men gather outside and speak enthusiastically.
Many people in white shirts are walking down a street.
A lady wearing a red shirt is seated next to others on a sidewalk and holding a camera.
Two young men wearing camouflage stand in the grass.
What's a trip to the park without visiting the snack bar?
Two girls are raising another girl in the air.
A woman, wearing a colorful bikini, rests laying down next to the blue water.
A couple sit outside of an establishment.
An Asian woman in a red polo shirt is looking over a counter.
A man walking down a shady street with a shopping bag.
She shades herself with her little yellow umbrella, as she shows off her fancy long dress.
The country music group - Sugarland, performing.
An older person waking outside in the daytime with sunglasses on.
A woman in a white dress with blue jewelry is holding a rooster.
A man in a white shirt, on a motor scooter waiting for traffic.
A man is wearing gloves and a safety helmet.
A man sitting in front of a wall of graffiti.
A hard working man speaks his mind into his megaphone.
Three people in a small boat next to a wooden dock where two other people are standing.
A girl in bright clothes dancing with a hula hoop.
A woman wearing a pink, polka dotted backpack holds a toddler.
Four women walking through an art gallery.
A woman with an orange shirt is walking past a 1 hour photo shop.
An older woman stacks plates to place in her cart.
White man with long gray beard, wears a black top hat and long black suit as he walks down the street.
At a theme park or basketball court.
A man in the blue shirt is taking a photo with a family he met while on vacation.
A woman and a group of children living in poverty.
A little boy with a striped shirt walking through the grass near some trees.
A boy swings at a pinata during an outdoor family party.
Smiling children are sitting on concrete slab displaying a small item in their hands.
A man wearing a gray shirt is holding a hammer.
A woman in black leans over a multicolored bench while looking into a red bucket.
Three women are riding in a cart.
A young woman searches through her purse near the entrance.
A girl wearing sunglasses and an orange tank top hula hoops.
A guy walks with fire in his hand and a cgt jacket on as two guys take his picture.
Men wearing red safety vests and carrying signs walk down a street where an explosion has occurred.
A group of women, some wearing hijabs, gather around a woman sitting on a moped.
An old woman standing near bags of things.
A woman with feathers in her hair and a henna tattoo on her face is looking off-screen.
A man, woman, child sitting on benches waiting for the bus.
A woman holding a black bag is holding on to a fence.
A girl smiles outside of a store.
A man wearing a dark blue shirt and red backpack walks by a graffiti-covered wall.
Two men are standing on some wood, both wearing hats.
A woman with a shopping bag walking toward a street.
Lunch outdoors on a sunny day.
A woman wearing jeans and a blue shirt is standing outside smoking a cigarette.
Women walking down the street in jeans, black high heel boots, and a beige handbag.
There are bushels of vegetables for sale at a marketplace and a man is pushing his loaded down bicycle.
A woman and a man are dancing in public
A brunette in a orange shirt playing with a green and white hula hoop.
A man walking with a protest sign.
A parade is taking place and people are dressed with bright colors.
A grinning man with spikes of multicolored hair and large ear-piercing
An Asian man studies the interior of a glass building from the street.
A girl is screaming as she comes off the water slide.
A man and woman are kissing on the corner of a street.
A man walks down the sidewalk with a backpack and a package.
A man looks bored while another man looks through two jewelers microscopes while a kid is entertained.
A semi-nude mannequin is posed in the window.
Five people wearing scuba diving gear are gathered together in calm waters.
A woman bending over to look in her bag.
A woman in leggings and tunic, reading a flier on a light post.
Couple shares snack at public monument on sunny day.
A small group of dogs pulls a cart full of children which are covered in flowers.
A boy in a flower carriage pulled by dogs.
A woman and her daughter wait for their ride after getting groceries as two people walk past them.
A woman walks past a fountain with palm trees in the background.
Three people sit looking over a drainage ditch next to a crocodile warning sign.
A woman in white pants holding a baby looking at the ocean.
A young woman dressed in green and brown is sitting on the steps with a paper in her lap.
Person parachuting, with the sun and sky in the background.
A woman standing next to her bike waiting to cross the street.
A man is driving a very small vehicle.
A man in a beige and white striped shirt, brown shorts and shoes with one hand on his face and one foot up looks ahead.
People sitting and walking along the street of a city.
Two woman are sitting in the back of a truck eating.
A man takes his cat on a walk in town.
Three tan men on the side of a mountain take a break from digging.
Two people lounge in a large outdoor area.
An elderly woman with a bag walking under an airport sign.
Two people stand in front of a building with graffiti that reads "Boss Life".
A woman standing by a bike, in front of a store and tunnel.
A police officer writes a ticket for poor parking.
A girl seated at a desk in a library lays her head down on a book.
Two Men playing drums in front of a crowd of people.
Many young people ar sitting on a wall and hanging out together.
A woman wearing a white blouse is walking away from a building.
A group of surfers paddle out into the water.
Man with red-hair in green pants under an umbrella posing for a picture.
Two boys play on a city street; the one with glasses gives a V-sign to the camera.
A woman sits on concrete steps next to a drawing of a heart.
A man in a blue shirt and black pants strolls by an irish pub.
A man sits on a blue scooter in the street.
A woman is applying makeup to herself.
A blond-haired child stands near his bike on an unpaved road.
A man leans over to kiss a woman on a bike near a palm tree.
A dog looks out over green grass and flowers.
A group of mostly younger individuals hanging out in a hotel hot tub.
Construction equipment in front of a building with a mural of a man being lifted by black birds.
A lady rides her bike on a wooden deck at the beach.
A man sitting with his small dog.
Four males of varying ages carve out designs on large white slabs in a messy, open to air workshop.
Smoke is coming from a jet in the sky.
Two men with ladders are working on a fence.
A young backpacker sits on a bridge overlooking a river.
A group of people photographs something upward at the same time.
Workers are wearing their hard hats while on a ledge.
Three blonds dressed in black and white walk across a bridge in the daytime.
A gray car waits for the light to turn green at an intersection.
A man wearing a gray helmet next to his moped in a busy area.
Two African soldiers entering large stone archway one man giving thumb's up.
Men in the army holding a guns.
A man wearing a blue blazer is walking outside.
A young boy looks at the camera while wearing a New York hat and a black and white striped shirt.
A boy on a green bike gets a call.
A woman in a gray dress is posing outside the Louvre.
A street scene of people on scooters.
A child in a white shirt coming out of a swing in midair.
Two females are embracing each other.
A person in a salmon colored shirt takes a picture of something above them.
A woman looking up on a crowded street.
A man wearing a blue sweater and a tan sock hat is smoking a cigarette.
A man on a bike is walking a dog along a boardwalk.
A lady in a blue shirt making a funny face at a little girl biting something in a restaurant.
A couple walk past a cafe where another couple sit outside.
Two street vendors sit on the sidewalk and wait for customers.
Girl maneuvers a bike through a Tent set up outside.
A woman wearing a white tracksuit is stretching her foot above her head.
A clown holds her ears with a balloon in her left hand.
An old man is talking to another man who is wearing a military costume and is near a monkey.
A man riding his bike with newspapers in the basket.
A young boy looking back at the camera while sitting on a red scooter.
A student is rushing to class while wearing headphones.
A lady in a pink coat walking with a small pink umbrella in her hand.
A professional soccer player trying to cross the ball, while another tries to make the tackle.
Two women are standing around a covered table outside surrounded by beautiful flowers.
A woman in a black beanie looks up at a bearded man.
A man standing in the street enjoying the architecture of a building.
A woman is posing outside with a designer umbrella.
A group of Asian women dressed in colorful clothing and holding fans.
Spectators observe as London Arsenal FC practices soccer on their field.
A little person is holding a yellow flag with a red logo on it.
A man in orange talking on his cellphone.
Woman in pink and green tank top listens to a man in green carrying a blue backpack.
Several people idle around a plaza in the shade.
An older bearded white man wearing a blue shirt and red jacket looks down at a hotdog he's holding.
Two old men in polo shirts.
A man in a white shirt and pants holds a rope and looks up.
There is a parade with people dressed in costumes.
A man wearing a green shirt and carrying a shopping bag is reading the newspaper on a city corner while a woman looks on.
People walk across a crosswalk.
An old man in a white tank top is itching his head.
A middle-aged man crouches in a dirty room.
A man with an umbrella is standing on a hillside and its raining.
A child wearing a hat and backpack walking through town.
Many male workers are standing outside of a building in green and blue suits.
A woman in a black tank top hula hoops.
A man walks down the street next to a wall with a giant mouth painted on it.
The woman with the scarf is watching the man cook.
Two men behind the counter of a sweet shop while two people look at the sweets.
A woman uses a spoon to serve food.
A young couple gaze into each others eyes while riding an escalator in a shopping mart.
A man in a black shirt walking his dog during the sunset.
A man is checking his phone while walking his dog along the pier.
Small middle eastern child in sort of wooden underground cave.
A small Asian child rides on the back of a woman who is wearing a hat.
A sports bar where you can watch the games.
An Asian couple are sitting on a wooden bench in a wooded area reading and looking around.
A girl and a toddler are looking in different directions on a sidewalk.
A street vendor wearing a chef's hat and several people gathered around him and his cart.
Two women in coats look at a outdoor jewelry display.
Two men are on a beach looking in the distance.
The man in the blue jacket walked past the pay phone.
A woman in a shirt is crossing the street on a cloudy day.
Two men walking the beach with guitar in hand.
A man in a light gray t-shirt is driving a bright red Coca Cola truck.
Two men and two young women work on a blue bike.
A photographer stands in the shadows in front of a wall covered with graffiti.
People looking at items at an outdoor sale.
A woman in an orange shirt and white pants attending church.
Children resting and walking up many steps.
A white-haired man and a brown hair lady are walking together and holding hands.
A waiter is standing at a table.
Two people are standing in front of a table of food.
A man standing with his eyes downcast.
An Asian man squatting in the street with is belongings.
A woman enjoying a drink in the sun.
A person is riding a bike in a tunnel.
White dog at the edge of the water.
A man in a white shirt is eating, standing next to a fence.
A man bends down on a rock.
Four men, in red hats and orange uniforms, walking near a hedge.
Two men playing instruments on the street to entertain passer byes.
A man waits at subway station platform for subway to arrive.
An elderly man in a suit locks his bike.
A city street with a lone man walking in the middle.
Dog staring at something with a toy in his mouth.
A man dressed in black and white is standing on the side of the street eating an ice cream cone.
A man at a fruit market grabbing for some fruit.
Students having a break after taking engineering examinations in their school main hall
Two men in suits and hats walk together.
Pedestrians are gathered at a street corner, in front of the Lyppens and Schipper storefront.
A little boy in a yellow t-shirt is being taught to write.
The very tired black lady was wearing her new red blouse, as she rode home on the bus.
A group of people gathered around looking at two men lifting a woman on a wooden seesaw.
A young woman appears to being pulled out from a drainage canal by a chair attached to a wooden 4 by 4.
A person is being lifted out of the water with an old lifter.
A group of three older people and three younger people stand grouped together in a body of water.
Two girls in a bed of flowers with their arms stretched out.
A woman is in the air while wake off a wave.
A man is reading a newspaper while waiting for a train.
Three people sit looking out to road, holding a map between them.
A man with no shirt on is tying a yellow transparent bag closed.
Three white males dressed in casual clothing, one in blue overalls, one in an orange ball cap, and one in a yellow shirt, are walking across a yellow scaffolding.
Asian woman in crowd, carrying black bag with "pain" and spiked knuckle graphic.
Two little girls wearing bright dresses are blowing bubbles with bubble wands.
A man and woman, both wearing black, dancing together
Female painter is painting on a vase with three people watching her.
A man with a brown scarf blowing smoke.
A distorted image of a young boy running
An Asian girl eating a hotdog at a diner.
Two people, one in light jeans and a striped shirt, are playing pool.
A girl cleans the hardwood floor with a Swiffer.
Soccer players dressed in red and white uniforms walking on a field.
A man who was stuck in the tree.
A large class of graduates wearing robes and mortarboards is waiting for their diplomas.
A man taking a picture from a cubicle with the lens cap on.
Three men wearing shorts stand in the parking lot of a building labeled a "factory."
A hand holds an ornate piece of metal.
A young boy in jeans and a blue shirt is wearing a blue helmet.
A young woman rides in a car.
A man sits contemplating something while a man sits over his right shoulder drinking a beer
A young girl is mixing something yellow in a bowl.
A lady with brown hair has a silver ring on her finger.
A girl in a red shirt is sitting with a laptop on her lap.
A little kid is climbing a gate to a wire fence.
A cyclist works on her red upside down bike.
Two women are outside making something with pots, pans, and bowls.
Woman adjusting a child's face while another child stands next to her smiling.
This is a man, who has a rope in is mouth, and a baby cow up in the air
A group of cats sit in the grass.
A lady in a yard holding a dog while another dog is jumping
Players are getting ready for a game of laser tag.
A woman wearing shorts is feeding two llamas or alpacas in a field.
White fluffy dog running in the dirt.
A man with a blue hat and blue uniform who is working on some equipment.
A woman holds up a piece of lace as behind her men in ponchos play music.
Two men are speaking too a woman outside, there are trees around them and a building in the background.
A young boy wearing #24 uniform is yelling during a football game.
One man, dressed as a police officer, with a microphone in his hand and his eyes closed.
Dennis Hopper looks to be talking to Cristy Ally.
A man with glasses looking down at something in his hands.
Child playing and hiding underneath hay.
Someone holds up a snake by its head and tail for the camera.
A working man is standing by the cart looking at something.
Young men are attending a religious ceremony in a fancy building.
A woman balances a small child on her hip.
An Amish lady is preparing a Clydesdale horse to hook up to a carriage.
A man is holding a calf while being licked by another cow.
A man waving at the camera holding a stick with a pile of wood.
Two man playing a game and disturbing.
Two football teams are playing and one is holding the ball running as the other team is running after him.
In a science museum looking through a telescope.
Two opposing football players with one in black tackling the one in white.
A toddler helping mix something with a manual mixer.
Two girls and a parent getting a dorm room set up for the school year.
Two men working on farm equipment that is being pulled by two horses.
A young black girl emerges from the bathroom wrapped in a bathrobe and towel.
Several teens are smoking and drinking at night.
A young girl with overalls and crazy hair sitting in a green field while eating a red and white object
Several people inspecting the merchandise displayed in this tent.
Man with black hat, white shirt and sandals, laying bricks on a construction site.
A very smiling baby sitting down wearing a striped jacket on a bed.
A lady dressed in red laughing with a lady dressed in green holding plates of food in their hands.
A boy and girl are on a blue trampoline.
People sit around a table with a red tablecloth that has food on it.
A man wearing a tie is talking to two women.
A woman with gray hair is taking a picture while a man stands beside her.
A man is showing a younger girl how to scuba while tackling the waves.
A woman with glasses, wearing blue jeans is holding an infant while pointing up.
A woman is kneeling near lanterns while a little boy plays in the sand.
A man holding out a deflated soccer ball to a gray dog.
Two girls dressed in white and one dressed in brown.
A man in a suit jacket with a  free word  sign.
Man look through a telescope in a city.
A man and child underwater in a swimming pool holding their breath.
A little girl planting her first flower in the sand.
A young boy wearing white and a shirt reading "85" is in midair, doing a martial arts kick.
A singer in the spotlight poses in his leather jacket.
A dark-haired woman draped in a gray cloth looks out of a wooden door.
A pilot is driving a small engine airplane.
The child in the striped shirt balanced between the wooden railings.
Three workers paint the outside of a house on scaffolding.
This image has a checker-table with four beverage glasses and an ashtray.
Colorful Bollywood dancers in action on a stage.
A man, wearing a shirt and a lungi, is carrying bundles of straw on his head across a farmland.
A man in a blue shirt is standing on the beach and throwing a stone.
A man with a floppy chefs hat is holding a condiment bottle while looking over his shoulder as if talking to the man behind him.
A beautiful array of colors are displayed from a dancer.
A large fountain with several people sitting along the right side.
A man is singing into a microphone.
The little girl in the pool is wearing a red swimsuit.
A Whistle with whistle in his mouth carries a tray full of food up stairs.
A black man in a striped shirt stands eating out of a cup, holding a yellow water bottle.
Dog running through the woods.
A man, in the American flag swim trunks, swims underneath other at a pool.
A woman in red stands with other people outside.
A shirtless singer at a concert in front of a cheering crowd with arms up in the air.
A man is looking at his camera
A young girl takes a swing at a Scooby Doo pinata while other youths and an adult observe.
A woman in a red polka dot dress is singing into a microphone.
A man on a bike and in the background a man performing a trick on a skateboard.
Two kids drawing on the wall with crayons.
A group of men and woman having a meeting outside a warehouse.
A yellow dog catches a Frisbee in midair.
A man is standing on top of a large pile of hay which is being pulled in a cart by two horses.
A young boy riding in a swing.
This appears to be a work place or research location, possibly a farm, but a very damp one that has some funky looking green mold creeping up the walls.
A baby is sitting outside in grass.
A woman with a basket of flowers talks on the phone next to a woman in a wedding dress.
Girl with short hair singing.
A white man with a blue shirt is on stage singing a song, his black guitar player is standing behind him providing the music.
A woman is chasing two sheep with a broom.
3 cute little girls with something green in their hands.
A young boy in a pile of leaves.
A little boy in a black t-shirt plays with a toy NERF gun.
A blond dog shakes water off next to a lake.
A smiling man with a yellow hard hat is peeking out from a manhole.
A man talking into a microphone with a woman standing next to him.
A person on a balcony is standing next to some clothes drying on a line.
Little girls having a birthday party chaperoned by a man.
An older man dressed all in black reclining on a gray piece of furniture.
A woman with a blue shirt and hoop earrings.
A colorfully dressed man drives his equally as colorful bicycle rickshaw down the street.
A child using a vacuum cleaner on the kitchen floor.
A dancer in a vibrant pink dress swirling around.
This photograph is of various individuals looking through telescopes in a plaza.
A boy runs with a very small football down a paved walkway.
A Goalie in yellow is holding onto a soccer ball with a player in blue behind him.
A black dog in the water with a tennis ball in his mouth.
A young girl happily running through a park clutching her purse and toy baby.
Three women in black coats talk and laugh in an art gallery.
A group of adults are sitting around a table playing a game of cards.
One lady cutting a cake while the other is holding a plate with other plates stacked up in front of her.
A man wearing a green shirt on the runway fuels up a jetliner.
Little girl in a blue and yellow plaid outfit and blue hat is running along the trail.
A man is disposing of liquid located inside the cardboard container.
A person in a green shirt is sitting on the ground near a fence, with fruit laid out near her.
A scuba diver stands, bent over on the shore.
A woman sitting by pink flowers hanging up laundry on a line.
The black dog is running though the water with a pink ball.
Three children and a man play volleyball, barefoot in sand.
A brown dog and black dog are foraging in some brush-land.
Child with purple shirt and blue jeans is atop a brown horse.
A woman with glasses sitting in a chair and crocheting.
A girl wearing a paper hat opens a present wrapped in pink wrapping paper while others look on.
Two people are climbing a portable rock wall
A woman wearing yellow and blue leaping backwards over a bar.
A woman in a grocery store is reading over a note.
An audience watches as a large man is about to crush something with a rubber mallet.
Grant prepared to hit his golf ball while his caddy and scorekeeper waited for him.
A man in a fluorescent construction vest is showing off a model of a building at a meeting.
A wild dog runs through the desert.
The girl is sitting at the counter between the bucket of flowers and the cardboard boxes.
A man fishes near some white waves.
3 male bikers staring at the left side of the picture.
A group on bicyclists by their bikes in a parking lot
A group of male bicyclists talk outside a bar with their gear sitting on the ground.
A girl bikes on a path near a bunch of trees and a house.
Two bike riders are riding their road bikes through a state park filled with campers and other bikers.
Man in gray shirt resting a bike against a tree.
Two men and a woman standing at the bottom of a cliff face.
A couple dressed for a formal event posing together.
A man wearing a mustang shirt is getting ready to throw a knife at a competition.
A male and a female are hiking in the woods.
A young girl is wearing a costume and placing her hand on her chin.
Cheerleaders throw each other into the air by a football field.
A young girl sits on a blue bench drinking out of a straw.
Two men in white suits and glasses with a drink.
A bicyclist in white and black tights is drinking in front of a mini van.
A little girl in a pink sweater is using a telescope at night.
An older woman stands by turntables as another female flips off the camera.
A man in red pants working on his bike with a wrench.
Young person stands in spray from a fountain under a cloudy blue sky.
A woman in an orange outfit is bending over backwards.
A woman wearing glasses is sitting at a table soldering an object.
A fisherman with a boat full of fish.
A young man wearing a plaid shirt sings into the microphone and plays his guitar.
Men and two children catching fish with a net.
A man in a green shirt and blue jeans seasons meat as it cooks meat on a grill in a backyard.
Two handymen re-painting or cleaning a brick wall.
An artist, wearing flower print shorts and white t-shirt, completes a project with an Asian theme.
A man on a bike just hit a dirt ramp and is midair.
Two boys are having fun playing with a toy car.
Children in a classroom learning and being creative.
Men in white and flame robes walk carrying a huge torch.
Participants, dressed in long white tunics, at Burning Man Event posing for group picture in the evening.
Students are sitting lined up on stair steps while they wait and check their electronic devices.
A group of people are taking part in a ceremony.
Some youngsters are playing a card game
A group of teens are picking plants in a garden.
A boy in a plaid shirt is pulling a cart full of plants.
In this photo there are three teenagers playing soccer.
A bicycle racer slides down the hill toward a flag while spectators watch along the tree lined route.
A photographer snaps a midair action shot of a snowboarder.
This is a classic European style cafe, with a woman standing behind the counter making coffee.
Dressed in his team uniform of yellow and black he plays soccer.
A football team of young boys wearing yellow and black striped shirts are happy, with one child hugging an adult.
Children taking part in karate class.
The boys are in a karate class today.
Six children splashing in an outdoor water park.
A girl wearing blue goggles on her head makes a face while laying on the grass.
Singer gets caught up on a high note and fractures a vocal cord.
A man in jean overalls and a red shirt is making giant bubbles for the passersby.
Six musicians play their various instruments.
A barefooted woman, near a body of water, strikes a martial arts move, in the autumn.
Police officers on horses stop by a group of boys.
A woman wearing a tank top is lighting a cigarette while sitting with another woman.
A young boy jumps feet first into an indoor pool.
A little girl dressed in dark colors stands on a rock overlooking a large pond at the park.
A man and a woman in a big red dress dancing.
A man in a dark outfit is swinging a tennis racket, while three men in the background look on.
A few men sitting on sofas, playing a board game.
A man wearing a blue cap with a white long-sleeve shirt and blue pants is playing golf.
Three men are bailing hay.
A vehicle comes over the top of a hill.
A woman is pulling a wagon with two pumpkins in it.
A group of six people are in a meeting conversing with one another.
A man holding two bags of ice enters a house.
A father playing a song on his guitar for his son.
A boy crouching behind some small logs playing paintball.
A man with creepy face paint wearing a bodysuit is free falling.
Girl poses on the edge of a porch.
A teenager is sitting behind a cardboard box smiling at the camera.
A young girl licks a plate and has cake all over her face.
The white boat on the water have stopped.
People working on flowers at a flower stand.
Four men wearing T-shirts and playing musical instruments perform in a band.
Children play badminton on the lawn.
One person is sitting on a large rock while another person is standing nearby
Little girl hugging and adorable cat
A man in an orange shirt is using a mac computer.
A man speaking into a microphone with his fingers in a teddy bears nose.
A man wearing a vest and tan khakis shorts standing on top of a car.
A man is sitting at a bank of computers while wearing a headset.
A man with a mustache and a black shirt is playing the saxophone.
A heavily made up brunette woman sings into a microphone.
A woman wearing jeans and a green t-shirt jumps in front of a silver statue outdoors.
Two black dogs play together on a lawn
Two sets of street performers performing for a group of three on the street corner.
Three people are doing handstands by some trees.
A sitting crowd is watching one man, wearing a red shirt and black pants and suspenders, lift another man, wearing a mask, into the air.
Four children playing on a tent-like structure
Workers getting ready to begin an evening shift in a nearby company's complex in town
Two girls holding cups of water while walking next to a barbed wire fence.
A Pee Wee league football player wearing a purple jersey navigates the football past opposing players in white jerseys.
People setting up chairs outside in a parking lot.
Four people wearing white are on a small boat with others boats and run-down houses behind them.
An adventurous man navigates through the jungle with a long stick.
A collie plays with a white ball in a field of green grass.
Four men in dark shirts are on their laptops.
People are using the far left of three escalators, which are enclosed inside an elongated tunnel.
A man playing the saxophone on the street maybe wanting money.
A man in a black shirt is holding playing music on a street.
The man in the white hat is sitting by the pictures.
Dark-haired white woman, wearing a white t-shirt and jogging pants rakes leaves
A little blond girl wearing yellow laughing and running.
A man with a mohawk, a beard, and a leather jacket is sitting with a girl with a pink mohawk and glasses.
People are walking down the sidewalk.
A man with a shoulder length fro on stage and holding a microphone with "Pop! Tech" sign in the background.
Elder woman chases after her granddaughter in a restaurant.
A person is sleeping under a table covered in a yellow blanket.
There are lots of guys running together outside.
A young child in a polka dot shirt hangs upside down on a tree swing.
Children watch a man doing dance moves.
A high angle view of three male musicians performing in a dark setting with guitars strapped onto them and a xylophone.
Four people standing near signs reading them.
Numerous people exploring an art installation in a city square.
A lit girl splashes around in natural water.
A woman with a black jacket sitting down while playing a piano.
A man looking through a telescope with his son.
A little boy is wet from playing and screaming from the streaming water while holding a toy puppy.
A group of people in a tribe walking together.
A man is doing a flip in the air off of a sand dune.
Arabic woman buys fruit at the market.
A older man cutting a cake for two girls sitting at a table.
Two girls with ponytails ride an amusement park ride.
A little kid uses a mixer on some eggs with someone else's help.
A group of people trying to plant a new tree.
A photographer snaps a quick photo of a yellow sports car.
A girl does a somersault in the middle of a grassy field.
A woman with long hair, glasses and a long-sleeve shirt is sitting at a table, smiling.
Two women and a young man play a game around a table.
A husband and wife are exploring a green forest.
A blond-haired woman with glasses squats next to a mushroom in a heavily vegetated area.
The lady in red is sitting in front of the fountain.
A musician plays a xylophone for a crowd of children.
Two women wearing matching headdresses sell their good in a street side marketplace.
Two men are using a solar telescope to look at the sun.
A bunch of people are mingling in a fair where there booths with the flags of countries draped over the walls.
A boy rides his skateboard at the park.
Two women sitting at a table, one looking down and the other on a laptop, with a banner that says sweden in spanish behind them.
Two men at a table discussing some paperwork.
Two men in a classroom in front of a white screen.
A man is talking and holding a piece of paper.
A person skis down a steep snowy hill.
Two men wearing wetsuits riding a wave on surfboards.
A young man in a blue shirt with white shorts volleys a tennis ball.
A dog fetches a tennis ball out of a pool of water.
A black puppy is playing with an orange on a carpeted floor.
A dog jumping over a fence.
A white dog with a muzzle trots on grass in front of trees.
Woman reading a book with a grocery tote.
Four men, dressed in white overall suits that prevent infection, are in a room with mechanical equipments and a ladder.
A group of friends or family all jumps at the same time for a portrait while on vacation.
The dark-haired children smile at the camera while one of them sticks his tongue out.
A boy with blue face paint sucks his thumb.
Woman wearing white, sitting in front of a stone wall, playing a string instrument.
A man is looking into a telescope.
Children are addressing a crowd on red brick.
Young black kids dancing with three doing a pyramid.
A group of four girls meets with a group of elderly women.
A man in an orange cap standing on top of a pointy rock.
A brown dog with a harness is chasing after a red ball.
Two men pouring dirt in a field.
As a man walks down the street a pigeon swoops behind him.
Two men wrestling at a match while onlookers watch intently.
A young man is performing a roller-blade jump in front of a glass building.
A skier jumps over a gap.
A clown in red plaid pants and a pink hat sits in front of a tent.
A black dog carries a bucket in its mouth.
The cyclist is smiling at the wet dog relaxing in front of the house.
A young woman bowls in a UV setting.
A man pushes two kids in a large carriage while a little girl runs beside them.
Two children work on a project with woman.
A man wearing glasses and a ragged costume is playing a Jaguar electric guitar and singing with the accompaniment of a drummer.
A man in a red coat and black hat plays a trombone.
An asian family of four sitting around a short table.
A little girl with long hair floating in a colorful forrest.
A man who is fishing from a boardwalk is casting his fishing pole over the railing.
A young buy riding his skateboard outside on a handrail.
A girl is standing on one foot with one hand in the air.
A man in an Elmo t-shirt is riding his bike through the woods.
A dog on a leash puts his front paws on a bar.
A group of people, mostly in orange and black, are walking around under sparklers.
A woman in a black dress smiles in front of a silver truck.
Man wearing a green sweatshirt and jeans falls off a ladder as three men watch.
The kids in front of the building are playing with a bubble.
Some is waiting at a bus stop station
People swing on a red, metal amusement park ride in front of some trees.
A woman in a blue shirt looks in to a store window.
A little girl in a hat and red pants balances on tightropes.
A man holds a guitar on stage during a concert.
A father and three boys are walking into the water on the beach.
A female singer singing in a smoky bar.
An Ambulance is passing a man wearing a bandanna and girl.
A man in a black outfit are tossing up toy balls.
A group of people holding bags are standing in line for a train.
Helicopter lands in field with lake in background.
A smiling guy wearing glasses holds up another guy wearing a blue shirt and black pants outside.
A man is on a skateboard on a red ramp.
An African child has one foot on the pedal of his bicycle, stopping to look to his left.
There is a couple people putting decorations on a horse and one person comforting it.
The young boy with nice pants, a belt, and a tie is jumping off the steps
Elementary school child passing basketball in team basketball game.
A woman is laying on a striped couch on a grassy yard in a residential neighborhood.
Two people in a lecture hall are holding a plastic sheet.
There is a shop in a foreign country with a man behind the counter.
Gentleman in a pink shirt beating drums while a crowd looks on.
A man with a grimaced face forces himself to eat an unusual food with chopsticks.
A man and women tap dance for a crowd.
A small boy in a red jacket stands in the middle of the woods.
A band performing on the corner of the street.
Skateboarder doing a kick flip off of a raised platform onto a sidewalk.
A man paddles a canoe accompanied by a dog.
Man with purple hair and a blue shirt fixing a vacuum with another white man, who is older.
A man wheels his luggage past a window full of blooming flowers.
A lady standing on an exhibition table for a ring tossing game.
A girl in pink and man in black paddle through water.
A couple young men sit on a stoop in a run-down neighborhood; one seems to be metalworking.
A man is performing for a group in front of a white house.
Men walking on city street with a yellow bus and two FedEx vehicles in the background.
A man and a young girl swimming.
A group of children are looking at a sculpture in a museum.
Three men playing long drums on a stage.
A dog has an orange ball in its mouth.
A guy riding motocross in the dirt.
A group of people walk up a ramp on a cloudy day.
African men dancing while wearing a mix of traditional and western clothing.
An older man in a black shirt is sitting by three young children outside.
Man with storm trooper headgear on shops for candy.
Three African women dancing in native African attire while a group of people watch.
Man sleeping on an old couch in an alley.
A man walking toward a white ice cream truck parked on the street at night.
A girl looks at a bug on her finger and looks scared.
A place that looks like a skydiving facility people are putting on helmets.
A Man with a fishing pole standing on a beach.
A tattooed woman plays the guitar and sings while her band stands in the back.
Two girls in skirts smiling in a park.
Two women in pink jumpsuits are posing next to a white vehicle.
Asian men and women sitting on blue plastic stools eating.
A three-member band is playing on stage.
A dog running through water.
This female with tattoos is sticking her pierced tongue out, while holding a can of beer.
Woman putting on makeup while multitasking and talking on the phone.
A child is riding a unicycle along a riverside path next to a woman who is walking a dog.
A black dog plays around near a waterfall.
A man is in front of a dryer in a laundromat with both hands reaching into a bin or basket.
A man wearing a black hat is atop a trotting, white horse.
Running faster than a speeding bullet and about to overtake the white sedan.
A man in a suit rides a brown horse.
A calm street corner with a man sitting on a stool looking at something on a small platform.
Guy in a blue shirt flipping burgers and hotdogs on an outdoor grill.
A man wearing glasses using a spatula to lift a hamburger off barbecue grill.
Two people that are getting ready to serve food to others.
Two men working on some pottery in a room with pottery on all the walls.
Several men pull a fishing net up on to the beach.
A man in a military flight suit is talking on a portable phone.
Dog sitting on owners lap sitting in front of computer
An Asian man attempting to repair a green bicycle outdoors while two other Asian men stand by.
Family dancing on side of a lake at sunset.
A girl in a black skirt and blue dress is watering flowers.
Numerous children gather around a table filled with food.
A girl in a long-sleeved t-shirt with multicolored stripes, and black pants, is eating a topping from a homemade pizza she is preparing.
A young blond boy is eating cake with a spoon.
A kid with a blue Mohawk is playing a violin
The baby is mesmerized and intrigued by his image in the water.
A little boy wearing swim trunks plays in the ocean.
Two children are sliding down a water slide on an inflatable raft.
Two Indians are selling potato chips to pedestrians as street-side vendors.
Homeless man begging for money using humorous sign.
An elderly man in coat and boots prepares a freshly caught fish.
A man at a mic playing a piano and keyboard.
A child does a handstand at the edge of a beach.
A group of men on a boat that is tipped wearing helmets.
A young boy in an empty hall with two others in the background.
An older gentleman showing pride as he shows off his gardening harvest.
A man in black holding a bundle of hay.
A man on a ladder making something with dried plants.
Two men, one in a black shirt, the other wearing a jacket, piling up wheat.
A woman in a trench coat hailing a taxi for a ride.
A brown-haired boy in swim trunks is flipped backwards over a swimming pool.
A young child splashes in a green and yellow wading pool
A man wearing sunglasses and wearing a red vest is standing in front of a red helicopter.
A girl in a pink dress plays with a hula hoop.
A kayaker in whitewater rapids between two rocks, and a bystander on a rocky shore watching.
Two children water rafting on a lake.
A little girl is sitting in a metal tub filled with water.
A man on a moped is driving through the streets of his town.
A person carrying a microphone has a red covering over his head as he walks in front of a black covered table.
A Cirque de Solei performer shows off his impressive strength and balance.
A girl is being pulled by a string while sitting on a raft.
Two boys are playing with a damaged soccer ball.
A baby boy in a car seat is asleep and crying.
A young girl in glasses and sweatsuit swings a racket.
Young people with matching hairstyles pose for the camera under a white umbrella.
A little girl in a yellow shirt holding a big snail.
A young blond female tends to a tiny puppy in the outdoors.
A man wearing an orange shirt climbing rocks.
A man with glasses and a green shirt is being kissed on the cheek by a billy goat.
A lot of people are sitting near the Space Needle.
A person on ski's is clearing a jump in a beautiful mountain covered in snow.
A little girl is outside holding a snowball.
A band is putting on a light show and a performance in front of a crowd.
Football players charge toward each other on the green field.
A woman riding a bicycle past a car and a group of people on a sidewalk.
A little boy pushing his tricycle towards balls lying in the grass.
Dark-haired art student working on a project while standing up.
Three workers are lifting a red sack while another sits on a floating dock.
A man is smiling to take the photograph as he is working.
A young black girl is drawing colorful leaves on paper.
A young man looking at the sky through a personal telescope in the evening.
A man is using his computer while seated at a desk.
A motocross rider, riding along a dirt track on a sunny day.
The man is sweeping with a red broom.
Two children, a boy and a girl, in the air above a trampoline.
A large plane in the process of being assembled.
A lady is painting a lot of boxes.
A large group of people raising their hands at a meeting.
A young boy are girl are playing with toys next to a woman who is lying on the floor.
The little boy is enjoying the company of his parents.
Man sweeping debris from road with bundle of twigs.
A skateboarder wearing blue jean and a gray shirt performs a stunt along a graffiti colored wall.
A man waits at a bus stop next to a truck covered in graffiti.
A man flies through the air over a large canyon.
A man floating about on the water looking at something white in his hands.
The kids ride a boat in the water.
A man with an oriental hat on plowing a field in a blue shirt.
Two girls in costumes sit on a sidewalk.
An old woman in a sunlit room winds rough yarn into balls, the finished yarn balls placed in a pile to her right.
A group of people buying food from a vendor.
The three rock stars are members of a band who are playing at a concert where the colors red and black are prominent.
One football player running towards another player.
A woman dressed in a black jacket resting on a shelf in the beverage department in a store.
A man holds a stick while three dogs watch and jump.
Three women are working in a field, while four children and a lady holding a baby watch.
A woman in a multicolored shirt makes a hammock.
A man is wearing a sweater and denim jeans is playing the guitar while a female is playing the drums
A nun is taking a picture outside.
A man in a blue shirt walking a bicycle loaded with a large box on the back.
A pilot is cleaning a window of the airplane.
Four men are standing near a bread stand outside while one of them takes a bite.
A smiling woman carries two baskets full of produce on a bamboo pole.
A group of musical performers are playing and a crowd of people is around them.
Two men making clothing in a third world country.
The merchant prepares his booth with tasty ethnic foods to be sold at the open air market that day.
A boy climbs on a stack of timber despite a sign prohibiting it.
A person, wearing a hat and a purple sweatshirt, painting a scene of a harbor.
Two children are dressed as pirates.
A person is taking a shower in a dark room.
Two children in pirate costumes play fight with their swords.
A pastor and a young girl in the front of the cathedral.
A man is working on an unfinished roof.
Several people holding mops standing around two yellow mop buckets.
A plush cartoon mascot posing with a young girl.
A young skier enjoys the slopes with the chair-lift in the background.
A snowboarder making a big jump doing a trick on a high mountain.
There is three China men who are on a break from fishing.
The two girls are enjoying sledding in the snow.
A brown dog and a black dog on a dirt path.
People are walking trough a city street at night.
Two asian men working on the side of a street with parked cars.
Young couple gets married in a park surrounded by trees.
An Asian man is riding his bike down the street, where flowers and other vehicles are.
A girl playing is a pile of colorful balls.
A boy in a blue shirt looks at a woman wearing a multicolored dress while another child looks in the opposite direction.
A man is wearing a suit and driving a carriage.
The dog is sleeping on top of the bed covered by the blue sheet.
A boat named "ELOIN" floats on the water.
A blond-headed female child playing with toys on a purple surface.
Two girls are practicing yoga in a park.
A young boy in a blue shirt observing a fragile ball hanging from a rope.
An old man and a young woman dance together while spectators look on.
Boy on skateboard riding in front of tall concrete statue with bronze statue on top.
A man sits with fishing poles near a body of water.
Seven people, mostly in white shirts, dance in a room with one red wall.
A man holds a sign offering to trade a poem for a football ticket.
A dark-haired gentleman with a mustache and wearing a sweater is simultaneously pressing buttons on an old-fashioned computer monitor and the keyboard.
A baby chews on a toy dump truck.
A man who is playing electric guitar in front of a backdrop with planes.
A woman in a yellow blouse shaving the head of another.
A man depressingly glancing down as he sees a majority of his hair drop to the floor at the barbers.
Four people wearing snowshoes jumping on a snowy mountain with trees in the background.
A basketball player is taking a foul shot as his teammates and the opposing team watch.
A man with a large power drill standing next to his daughter with a vacuum cleaner hose.
Lead singer for a band is holding a microphone.
A man wears a black helmet and is on a black skateboard.
A grizzly looking man with a big beard is playing the keyboard with a female band mate playing a guitar.
An old guitar player without a shirt on is pointing, sweating.
A man in a blue shirt and a man helps the cyclist while the man in the gray jacket watches.
Man trying to pick up reluctant girl on street.
A girl wearing a swimsuit top wears a sign to give free hugs.
The large dancer is slinging her hair around.
A boy in swimming trunks is splashing in a swimming pool.
Two men and a woman singing and playing instruments on a stage.
A boy is jumping into the water with a ball in his hand.
Men dressed in work gear assess a drainage area.
A blond girl poses for a picture at Kerry Park in Seattle.
Three men near the water with yellow vests and hard helmets.
A guy with an orange, gray and bluejacket pulling a cart down a sidewalk in front of a mural on a building.
A man in a striped top is writing on a blackboard.
An older man jogging on a treadmill made by Life Fitness.
This could be a job mart or possibly a voting station.
A black dog is approaching a golden dog on pebbly beach.
A woman in a blue snow outfit is skiing, while dragging a tree behind her.
A woman on skis going up a hill carrying a pine tree.
The truck driver pauses for a photo opportunity.
A toddler girl in pink pajamas playing with a toy house as her grandmother watches over her.
A woman in a printed outfit is carrying a tray on her head.
A person in dirty clothes is cutting stone and writing something in Urdu
A number of people on a pier are silhouetted against the sunset.
People are exploring a city with their maps and cameras out.
Three street hockey players playing a game.
A man holding a suitcase walks alone towards an escalator in a dimly-lit area.
A dog leaps over the bar.
People holding umbrellas over their heads walk up a staircase next to an escalator.
A woman is singing and playing guitar.
Two people sitting on a bench with their dog next to a body of water.
Two children laying on the ground smile at each other.
A boy with a red hat noticeably shocked by the spinning of a playground toy.
A man taking frames on the road.
A young African man holding a pen in each hand, studying a book while sitting near an open window.
The women in the flowered pants is doing gardening.
A man bent over in a forest wearing a red shirt and blue jeans, tapping the trees for maple syrup.
Many people are flying colorful kites on the beach.
The woman in the blue coat is talking on the cellphone while hanging up the gas pump.
Jermaine from flight of the Concords teaching math in a foreign country.
A painter sits on a swing to help him paint the walls of a building.
A rolling pin flattening yellowed dough.
A skinny guy is eating a sandwich while using the computer.
Woman sweeping the street wearing a red jacket.
A bunch of young people drinking at a bar.
Members of the Salvation Army are standing together as one holds an instrument.
Two hands paint a picture using only color, circular lids and fingertips.
Two young boys are wrestling in a sandpit.
A man in a vest and tie is playing the guitar on a sidewalk.
A casually dressed man is playing the guitar.
The group is working with microscopes and wearing clean white scrubs, hairnets and face masks.
Three people sitting on a couch inside a house dressed warmly and the oldest is covering the two younger kids eyes.
A man with a tan hat and jacket is fishing in green waters.
Girl on pink skateboard wearing black jacket
A cello player and a violinist getting ready for their performance in an elegant room.
A closeup of a white dog drinking from a pipe.
A woman's fishing pole is bent down as she stands on a boat in the ocean.
One male in a black suit and hat holding yarn.
A worker uses a jackhammer on boulders from a rockside, a dump truck is parked nearby.
A construction worker is digging a hole in the street while another man watches.
A group of people are riding down a roller coaster that appears to be called the "Cyclone."
Members of a construction team discussing an issue with management.
Two construction workers in orange vests are riding in a piece of equipment.
Male adult practicing skateboard tricks at a skate park.
A man in an alleyway getting ready to throw an object up to someone above.
A group of people drumming while sitting in a circle at a gym.
An injured football player on crutches, wearing a red white and blue uniform, looks towards the sky.
People go by old white walls with gray squares.
Two women stuff filing in wrappers while a man wearing a blue t-shirt looks on.
A dog running through the grass.
Two guys in a foreign country cooking over a grill with people walking around them.
A young man is looking at photos on his computer, sitting at a desk.
A little girl leaning over a small fence looking closely at a cow.
A man is leaning back in a chair drinking soda and eating.
Two men, one being John McCain, and one woman sitting in red rolling chairs next to a white sign with a blue letter D and a number 5 on it.
A lone bodyboarder with an older man in the background
A man with glasses in a brown shirt talking while a man with glasses in a gray shirt listens.
Man in shorts and t-shirt about to start using gliding workout equipment.
Two men on a talk show together sitting in red chairs.
A man is painting a vibrantly colored city scene.
A group of people is standing on a street with towering buildings to each side of them.
People walking on a beautiful day in San Francisco.
A little girl makes a silly face while holding a trophy outside.
A climber in a yellow hard-hat is seen mid-climb from above.
Girl with long black hair and white helmet, pouring water from black kettle into mugs.
A shopping plaza with many people.
Two kids are shoveling snow and one is sitting next to the pile of snow
Hands with painted fingernails unscrewing nail polish.
A man in a blue outfit cooks while surrounded by plates of vegetables.
A bowler is about to throw a green bowling ball down the aisle.
Two people sweeping in a structure that has columns with pictures on them.
A beautiful ballerina with Christmas lights wrapped around her body.
A ballerina in a greenish and blue outfit leaps during her performance.
One female and one male playing a game of bowling
A black dog on a dock about to dive into the water after a ball
A black dog on a leash walking in water
A female scientist and a male scientist look at a book together in a lab full of plants.
A man in a white shirt sitting with a woman in a blue blouse.
A young man using a leaf blower to clean the fall season leaves from the area.
A person wearing large glasses is reading an orange hard cover book.
Five people in blue raking grass in front of a white building with a blue balcony.
A group of tourists taking a ride on a horse-drawn carriage.
A kid is jumping on a structure covered with soft material.
An old woman wearing a sunhat and pink blouse examines a grassy, swampy field.
Two little boys are racing each other while a little girl watches them.
A woman in sunglasses taking a photograph
A young boy is sitting on the floor trying to take off his boots.
Woman with puffy jacket looking at soup items in a grocery store.
A group of young adult men are playing monopoly.
A woman is manning a grill with some meat
People are actively grilling food on grills on a sunny day while other people stand nearby.
A man in a blue shirt is leading children.
A mad sitting down drilling a hole into a glass bottle.
A man with short hair and a child are sitting as the child opens a present.
A man with a beard and a vest is decorating his mantle with stockings for Christmas.
A guy fixing a computer part turning to look at the one who is taking his picture.
Two people walk in opposite directions across a brick road.
A young boy wearing goggles working on a simple science project.
A little boy is playing with a yellow shovel in front of a Christmas tree.
Four people in life jackets float on a raft.
Two women standing outdoors on a winter day in the countryside.
A woman with dishes in the dirt.
Three women rest at a table with blue napkins and pitchers of water.
Elderly gentleman with long hair speaks into a microphone.
A dark-haired person in a yellow top is seated at what appears to be a grand piano.
A young boy in a brown jacket playing a piano.
A man wearing a plaid short-sleeve shirt and light brown pants jumps high in the air in front of mist covered mountains.
Two brown horses pulling a sleigh through the snow.
A blond baby is watching a dark-haired baby chew on a blue toy.
A woman straps a cranky child into a car seat.
A diverse group of people sitting on the steps and half wall in front of a school.
Two men are kicking soccer balls on a beach.
A middle-aged asian woman at an event showing a red corset to an audience.
A construction worker stand upon a wooden beam and looks down.
A happy group of people smile for a picture at a restaurant
A group of people is having coffee and getting some work done.
A man in a black top is jumping on a sunny day.
Many men in purple are playing trumpets.
A man in a white Coca-Cola shirt and newsboy hat listens to a band play.
Group sitting on a grassy hill resting.
A barefoot woman in sweats is leaping into the air with other similarly dressed people behind her.
A smiling young child is wearing a costume.
A man stands on top of an elephant in the water.
A young boy looks at a display of rubber ducks.
A couple people walk on a path with a town in the distance.
The little boy goes down the hill while an older woman looks on
Sunglasses wearing young white boy is standing in a field of white flowers and holding a soccer ball.
A police officer on a motorcycle talking to two men on a cobblestone street.
A boy, wearing black and blue snowsuit and snowshoes, laying down in the snow.
Two people backlit with light sky.
This girl is singing in front of many people wearing a nice fashionable dress.
A man and three boys sitting on a park bench
A shadowy male looking at the far away hills.
Two small kids play with colorful toy trucks on the floor.
A woman wearing a purple outfit walking down the sidewalk carrying a white bag.
A fitness class with the attendees riding stationary bikes.
A man in a purple and white shirt is assisting a man in a wife beater with his workout.
A parent is shaving their face while a child messes with their hair.
A man is painting a scene of a lake and boaters while another man watches.
Two dogs are biting each other in the snow.
An older man sifts water through his fingers as a young toddler watches from inside the water.
A billboard advertising a vacation in on a run-down street.
A group of horseback riders travel down a dirt path.
Three individuals climbing up a mountain on skis.
Snowboarder wearing an orange jacket and carrying a sky-blue bag snowboards toward a previously traveled trail.
A man is pushing a young girl on a scooter.
Two men cleaning the windows of a tall building
A young man snowboarding at night is midair doing a trick off a homemade ski jump.
A man in a bathroom looks in the mirror and applies shaving cream.
A skater grinding down a rail in front of a latin store while three onlookers watch.
Two young ladies in a bar drinking wine to a toast.
Four ballet dancers in black costumes are performing on a stage.
A man in a orange jacket is falling into a snowy hillside.
Two heavily dressed people are preparing to make tea in the snow by a campfire.
Three people are walking through the snow.
A little boy stands in the doorway of a van.
A white and red ship filled with people sits in the water while a line of others are making their way to board.
A black dog is emerging from a red tunnel.
A strong woman in a blue shirt is lifting weights with a machine.
A woman jumping in a desert like area.
A crowd of people are standing outside with coats and umbrellas because it is raining.
A shirtless man with a dog next to him talking to a shirtless girl slouching on a bench.
A hand poking out of a black sweater sleeve is mixing an egg into a flour well with a fork.
A child pulls a toy through a fountain with other children and people looking on.
Three men are standing in a police boat with many rocks behind them.
A lady is applying black fingernail on a dressing table.
A young man in a red robe is smiling.
Group of Middle-Eastern men selling trinkets on street.
A guy with long hair and a wineglasses standing near two other men.
Small boy in blue striped shirt coming down large slide.
A brown dog jumps as he looks at a soccer ball.
Four older men are playing poker on a patio.
A man with plenty of plumber's crack pounds a rock, for some unknown reason.
A child in a brightly colored hat inspects her snow angel
An older man using a microscope to have more finesse in woodworking.
A man is putting grass onto a car pulled by a lawn mower.
A toddler boy with blond-hair is taking a bath in a little blue tub.
A band is playing music in a light filled stage.
A man in a brown jacket is sitting and working on a detailed painting.
Three people standing at the counter in a store.
Two young girls are sitting on the ground making something out of straw while a little boy sits in between them.
Man jumping on side of road next to a car full of friends.
A guy smiling with a stick inside a paint can.
4 guys in white outfits are in a studio.
A young child is standing shirtless in a dark forest; holding a small bird cupped in his hands.
The dog stands in the sand near the ocean.
A boy stands in front of a junk yard which contains scrap metal and a damaged car.
Woman pointing at a piece of art with glass covering it.
A boy in a basketball jersey and black athletic shorts is standing on one leg in a street.
A group of men play soccer in the desert.
A young woman in blue is carrying a box in a barren room.
A very young girl is sitting in a grocery cart near a grocery store deli.
A young girl is playing with a toy octopus in front of her Christmas tree.
Three children playing with a group of ducks.
Three people play in the snow with a forest in the background.
A singer performs with his band mates who are playing guitar and keyboards.
A boy with an oar walks out of the surf and onto a beach.
A woman shoots a free throw at a basketball game.
Two children are jumping on a bed, the little girl is in black pants and is in the middle of her jump.
A woman poses for pictures with a statue of a troll.
A bunch of hipsters in the bowling alley appear to be reacting to shocking news.
Two female basketball teams watch suspenseful as the basketball nears the basket.
Three people stand in front of a river by a city while one throws something into it.
A group of people hanging upside down on a roller coaster.
A group of five people are riding in a canoe in a river.
A group of people are riding in a horse-drawn cart.
A small boy wearing a polo shirt eating something.
A brown dog is jumping into a pond.
A woman and children are standing next to a large firetruck.
A well-dressed man is holding a saxophone and walking in front of a piano.
A Young girl wearing a blue ski cap and red and gray two tone jacket stands between two bits of ice.
A young girl with a painted face runs in a backyard.
On a stunning blue tropical ocean, a man is in his boat fixing his fishing net.
Two people are digging the ground by a bunch of boats.
It looks like the girl went shopping and got something from the AVEDA store.
A man walking his dog in a crosswalk.
Five people work along the shore in an Asian country.
A person standing in front of an aircrew monument.
Four to five ballerinas do a dance ensemble on stage for the masses.
Big dog trying to bite little dog
People are standing near water with a boat heading their direction
An intrepid cowgirl rides a mustang at the rodeo.
Two gentlemen gaze at their crops just outside of a forested area.
Two young boys watching someone on a skateboard.
A female speaker at the SVA Theatre is giving a speech.
A woman and a cocker spaniel are playing in the snow.
A boy in a red helmet hits a ball with a bat.
A child is being taught by an adult to ride a sheep.
A campsite has been established amidst the trees and bushes.
A man with a gray shirt is mowing the lawn while his son is doing the same only with a toy lawn mower.
A person with a ski mask, gloves and tan coat is laying on snow covered area.
A young girl and boy on a ride at an amusement park.
Person walking through the snow leafless trees in background
A woman and man are at a self-checkout station.
Two little boys in a canoe paddling down the river.
Two women riding horseback over a grassy hill.
A person rides a bike down the road, while another sits in a boat on the water.
Two dogs outside fighting over a red Frisbee.
A group of young adults come together to perform song complete with drums and a guitar.
A young ball falls asleep in a shopping cart.
A woman with earmuffs holds a paper that says "real change" on the cover.
A Peloton of bicyclists riding down a road of tightly packed together houses.
A boy and a girl look at a blue Nintendo DS video game.
A woman draped in and odd dress, reads to the audience.
Two people fishing on a dock with a long winding bridge in the backdrop.
A construction worker fits metal pipes together.
A person wearing snowshoes is standing in the snow near a creek.
A guy riding his four wheel dirt bike while in competition.
A man plays a guitar on a stage, the lights bright behind him.
A Hockey game features the white team against the black team.
Little girl in jeans and a pink shirt is wading along the shore.
A group of people wait in similar attire.
A man wearing a hat and apron samples a taste of simmering soup.
A man is painting the siding, of previously beige building, white.
A small black dog chases a large animal in a fenced area.
A woman struggles swinging a hoe while harvesting in a field.
A young Asian girl in a tube top holds out her camera to get a picture with her friend who is making the peace sign.
A red-haired woman looks past the cameraman.
A girl in a red tank and jeans is sleeping on a brown sofa.
A girl stands beside a laying dog while leaning on a fence and standing on the dirt ground.
A guy in a robe sitting on the edge of a hot tub smiling.
A very weak looking woman is holding a pot and some branches above her head.
A full sized horse and rider guide a pint sized horse and rider through the stables.
A child is looking through binoculars on a boat while her younger sister waits next to her.
A girl looking over her shoulder lies in a flowerbed and along a street.
Two women with their hair covered talk in a kitchen.
A short girl in a white skirt, black boots, and a gray-green jacket carrying a red bag on the sidewalk.
Two people dressed as animals near a crowd.
A boy in black waves his arms while other people are behind him on a field.
Two woman wearing skirts walking down the street together
A shirtless young man, standing under purple lighting, points to the sky with both hands while holding a microphone in one hand.
A man walking along wiping the floor at the airport.
The black dog and the brown dog appear to be wrestling.
A young girl is floating in a metal tub in a body of water, while holding a snake.
A black dog finishes running down a blue and orange ramp.
Group of crosscountry skiers hike up a mountain.
Two people in skis, wearing blue jackets, with backpacks are standing in the snow on a mountain near a marker.
A young children hanging upside at the playground
A brown and white Sheltie leaping over a rail.
Young child playing with a soccer ball in a grassy area.
Here soldiers in transport in a vehicle to some location, they are surrounded by other soldiers and equipment.
A boy in a gray sweatsuit unpacking a DVD game.
Two children are on a giant inflatable slide.
A man in a robe blows bubbles in a bathtub.
A woman wearing glasses is sitting on a swing, in a playground with a lot of trees.
Three people riding their bikes on a sidewalk.
A girl in a sweater is at a temple with a variety of plants.
A man speaks into a microphone at a art gallery.
Two males are riding horses chasing after a cow in a red wooden arena.
Four men are musically performing outside of a building.
A crowd of people watch a music band that is under a tent.
Five people are sitting together playing instruments.
An Two Asian woman painting a piece of wood.
Two guys with snowshoes making their way through the woods.
Two men both wearing cowboy hats and ponchos riding horses chasing a cow.
Three men on horses chasing a bull in an arena.
A young teenage boy waring a green snowsuit is jumping over a set of power lines while two women watch.
A man in a brown plaid shirt has his hands on a car's headlight.
A guy jumping off a dock into a body of water.
A postal worker is holding a handful of items to be delivered.
Four musicians play their instruments on the street while a young man on a bike stands by to listen.
Three men with drums and tattoos stand near a guy playing the bagpipes.
A bearded man plays drums at dusk, and a man sitting behind him plays an electric guitar.
A woman is elevated on a trashcan taking photographs.
A man wearing snowshoes is going down a hill next to tiny orange flags.
People in snowy climate prepare to eat food on plates.
A parade of men hold red and yellow flags as they wave them proudly.
Group of people standing and sitting in a field of grass.
Girls wearing a blue dress holding a thin, long, blue fabric while one girl is smiling and pointing to the camera.
A woman is walking on the sidewalk beside graffiti tagged walls.
Police and firemen discuss what to do about the overturned SUV lying in the snow.
A blond pony-tailed woman and a gray-haired man converse while seated at a restaurant's outdoor area.
A man in a blue jacket smiles back at the camera, positioned in front of a lake or large river on a clear sunny day.
Men prepare a sailing ship at a dock.
A woman wearing skates, a helmet, and pads, jumping in the air.
A man in blue shirt and pants stands in front of a large sign displaying a yak.
Two people in a boat, one a red shirt and one in a green shirt, observe the riverbank as they row along.
Man holds three burning sticks while standing near a playground.
The guy is holding a black stick in front of a playground.
Two young girls are playing, one behind the other.
A young girl doing a trick in midair in front of a tree.
A man supports a boy as he plays at a playground.
A dog tries to play with a ball that is tossed to it.
Child in blue trunks splashing in blue kiddie pool
A boy toddler climbs on a big white sleeping dog.
A middle-aged man in a brown hat observes an open-air market.
Two figure skaters, a kneeling man in a black vest and a woman in a shining golden dress, twirl together on the ice.
The young boy in red jumpos in the puddle.
A group of 5 kids are dressed in winter apparel playing in the snow.
A man in jeans is lying on a wooden floor.
A woman in a tank top and a man with curly hair play guitars and sing into microphones.
A skateboarder skates down a ledge next to stair steps.
A man in a yellow waterproof jacket and his companion are on a boat in the open water.
Please help my family over here in Kenya.
Two men in coveralls are digging a hole with a shovel and some machinery.
A young girl in a blue and green jacket is sledding.
A man and his sons have come to a small pond of water.
A girl diving in a public pool, enjoying the water.
A young girl in a green shirt holding a soccer ball while standing in green grass.
A man wearing glasses stands in front of a snowy mountain.
A man wearing a beret and black glasses strums his cello happily in the streets of an urban area.
Mother and child walk down the trail at a leisurely pace.
A young girl sets her foot on the ground to provide balance while riding her bike through the park.
Young children playing in a green field of grass.
A girl with a wooden slingshot, stands at the tree line and pulls the band on the slingshot back.
A child is in midair on a bouncing carnival attraction.
Men dressed in khaki are holding a man by the arms.
Men with crowns of leaves stand in a downpour.
A mother helping her small daughter with her skis on a sunny day on the slopes.
Two men boxing a ring while one boxer is hitting the other.
Two people are smiling at the camera as they ski up a snowy mountain.
A skateboarder uses a half pipe while people look on.
A boy wearing a yellow hat and a shirt that says "Elmo", is pointing to his forehead.
An adult and a child are wearing ski equipment in the snow.
These two people are using the oars to navigate in the ocean.
A group of kids doing exercises in a gym.
A little boy skating on his board and ready to take a flip.
Two men are duking it out in a boxing ring.
A young asian girl is sliding down a pole on outdoor playground equipment.
Musician in the middle of a large crowd.
A little girl in a yellow dress with red flowers blows a whistle.
A little boy has his index finger in his mouth.
A man in a blue rain jacket fishing during a rainstorm.
Young man is skating on a road; on a sunny day.
A man with ice-climbing gear climbs on a sheet of ice.
A group of people are standing on a mountain in the snow.
A young girl with long brown hair and a red sled plays in the snow.
Various people on a pier overlooking the ocean.
An exited girl in a bright pink shirt is observed by another girl in a light pink shirt.
A peasant farmer plowing his field with the aid of two oxen.
A man is sitting on a rock high up in the mountains.
A man in gray on a rocky cliff, overlooking the mountains.
An older man is sitting on a bus looking out at the scenery.
An innocent child exploring what nature has to offer
Two men with orange safety hats are inspecting the stump of a recently cut down tree.
A young girl sits in the grass, admiring a tiny plant.
Two boys try to eat a banana and an apple on the couch, but they are distracted by astonishment.
A girl is sitting on a guy's lap at a party.
A woman in orange work clothes next to a large blue trashcan is helping a man sweep some dirt and water into a dustpan.
A man sweeps outside while carrying a baby on his back in a holder.
A body modifier enjoys a beer while relaxing on a nice sunny day.
DJ guys being stupid for the camera.
A marching band is practicing in an outdoor field.
A bearded man wearing a brown shirt plays the guitar.
Children are playing 3 on 3 ping-pong in a gym.
Two men playing a doubles tennis match.
A red race car with a driver in a sky blue helmet in the racing track.
A person with a black jacket is jumping in the snow.
A young girl with long black hair climbs on a piece of rope playground equipment.
A man and woman get in the boxing stance to start their exercise.
A group of dancers, wearing black pants, tank tops, and black hats, are dancing, holding canes in the air, with their right legs slightly extended.
A man holding a microphone and hand covering eyes
A family holding hands in the snow are behind a man and his son, whom is wearing a blue jacket.
Two girls with duck floating are jumping into dark water.
A woman in a gray dress and high heels holding a baby in a pink dress while staring out a glass sliding door.
Man identifying tree species to young couple during snowshoeing trip.
A bundled up Asian girl wearing a Camelbak and walking shoes walking her dog in a snowy forest.
Two young boys are bowling with bumper guards.
A jogger with a dog running towards a firetruck with extended ladder on a road
Two ladies jogging on a path near the waterfront.
A young boy around the age of 13 is playing in the snow and has a snowshoe on his leg, and is running
In this photo, men are getting honored for their bravery.
A boy in an orange jacket climbes through a play tunnel
A woman cooking over an open hearth.
A group of African children display symbols written on chalkboards in the middle of a dirt field.
A boy kicks a ball in his living room.
A man has climbed to the top of a red light pole and is touching the light.
A skateboarder executes tricks on a jump off a ramp.
A young woman in a black blouse reads a book on a plane.
Boy in red shirt standing on roof of a building while another child looks on from below.
A person wearing a dark blue covered up attire from head to toe, with a mask and vest, holding a thin sword.
A few men play volleyball.
Lab tech looking through a microscope in a lab.
Q child in a red shirt creating a rock exhibit.
Three older women stop to look at an exhibit in a museum.
A scientist is looking into his microscope.
A young lady equestrian riding a brown and white horse.
Crowd of spectators watching colorful hot air balloons in the distance.
A little boy uses a telescope to view an object far away while a little girl stands nearby and watches.
Man holds a line as hot air balloon is inflated.
Large groups of families gather in an outdoor courtyard to pray for rain.
The little boy is wearing white shorts.
A snowboarder wearing a red coat is going down a snow-covered slope.
A woman wearing a halter top dancing in front of a band.
A group of young adults are organized on a hot day in a park with a fountain.
A man with a beard, red headband, and leather vest smiles.
A boy is jumping into a pool, and showing a peace sign to the camera.
A woman in a towel is relaxing in a sauna.
A woman with a bag stands on a street near a man leaning on a wall.
Cowboy holding on to the horse
Two surgeons hard at work examining a patient.
A male teenager is sledding down a snow-covered hill in a green sled.
A skier is leaning to one side to dig their skis into the snow.
Men setting up to take a shot with their guns.
A young boy in a long-sleeved t-shirt looks up at camera from an open area way above ground level.
Man sitting on an old fashion trolley.
A monster truck flies through the air in front of an arena filled with onlookers.
A man has makeup applied to his face.
The keyboardist and a female vocalist share a microphone while a second man looks on.
A man without a shirt working on a rooftop.
There is a man working on the roof of a house that is either being newly built or remodeled.
A shirtless man wearing blue jeans walks along a grassy area.
A girl in a green shirt is playing on a swing.
A man is chopping up food on the ground.
Two monks in traditional orange robes are descending a staircase.
A shirtless, gloved construction worker is standing on a shingled roof.
There are several people but three in particular, coming from a shopping center with boxes and plants in their carts.
A young child, pacifier in mouth, stands with her hands up against a glass door, looking outside.
A strawberry haired guy flashes his blue eyes and big smile at the camera.
Two girls sit by a doorway on the steps.
A pilot is putting his luggage right next to the plane in the airport.
A crowd watches a many on a bicycle performing a stunt.
Two men on a blue canoe in the middle of a large body of water.
A woman in jeans rock climbing.
A male dancer in beige lifts his female companion up on his shoulder, as she soars above the crowd.
Two Indian women sitting at a market behind vegetables.
Person with ski poles and a red jacket, walking on a snow covered tree over water.
A father with 3 children look at a painting of a wooded mountain scene.
An Asian woman, and a black male, walking past the stairs to the subway.
A man is about to fall off of a ladder.
Three women and two men are using triangle-shaped nets in a stream.
A hiker poses for a picture in front of stunning mountains and clouds.
A young woman is doing push ups in front of three members of the armed forces at a conference event.
A young adult smiling after sliding down a snowy, slopped hill.
A small boy with an orange jacket digs in the sand in next to a flag.
Three men and a boy ride an orange roller coaster.
Policemen in riot gear, along with two police on horseback are charging a crowd that are behind a barrier.
Two kids, one in a white shirt and one in a black shirt, laying on pillows.
A dancer in a pink tutu strikes a pose outside of a building that is covered with graffiti.
Three little kids on a rock, looking at the water.
A group of Indian young women and girls are bathing at the edge of a pool with their dry clothes and a building in the background.
A blond guy in a green sweatshirt is eating a sandwich.
This little girl, her blond-hair held back by a red band, sticks her tongue out playfully at the camera.
A few young girls in a classroom.
The woman is relaxing by dipping her feet in water at a rocky area.
Multiple men in black and white plaid cloth, dancing around a torch.
A man wearing an orange shirt picks up a french fry with chopsticks.
A woman with a purple shirt wearing sunglasses, laying on her bookbag.
A woman in a light pink sweater casting a fishing line into a lake.
Shirtless men in matching clothing raise their hands into the air.
The skateboarder in a white t-shirt and blue cap sits on his board and coasts down the gentle grade.
A man is sitting on a skateboard on the sidewalk.
A basketball player in a white uniform is attempting to block a shot from a basketball player in a dark blue uniform.
A woman is shopping for fresh food at an outdoor market.
A group of children are sitting close together and laughing while a boy in a white shirt is jumping over them.
A woman is sitting at a telescope.
A young woman dressed in a purple costume with white wings is handing a little boy in a blue jacket a piece of candy.
One boxer attempts to punch his defensive opponent with a fierce expression on his face.
A hiker in snowshoes out for a walk in the snow pauses to look at the camera.
Young people jog in the snow in this city scene.
Gentlemen wearing a black and yellow shirt is on stage playing the guitar.
A group of people hiking through ice.
Young people on skateboards and one without a shirt jumping in the air.
Group of people laughing with books in the background.
Two employees knead and prepare dough for use with making cakes as seen through the window.
A chef in white clothes is putting something into a brick oven.
Two men who appear to be food vendors are pushing a red cart full of fruit.
A man is walking through a field with some kind of gardening tool.
A man is crouched on his field harvesting roots in the middle of the day.
Two men in a field or jungle looking at something.
A person snowboarding on down a mountain covered with fresh powdered snow with pine trees in the background.
A skateboarder at a skate park attempting a rail slide trick.
A man in a red jacket is using a machine on blocks of ice in front of several spectators.
A little white boy dressed in winter clothes standing by a tree in the snow.
Several people are working in the warm manufacturing facility.
Skiers being snowed on as they trudge across the snowscape.
A man in a white shirt smiles as he sells his street food.
A young person sleds down a hill in the snow.
Person wearing a purple coat sitting in the snow under a tree eating a sandwich.
A man sculpting a small clay pot on a spinning wheel
A man in a white shirt and jeans sweeps the sidewalk of a street.
An Asian lady stands with a cart of potatoes.
The Pope and another man in a black suit are having a conversation.
A child without a shirt running in the dirt.
Several tall women jumping into the air while wearing traditional matched outfits and sandals with three aloft hot air balloons in the background.
Children are working on an assignment at school.
A man and a woman are dancing together.
A little girl holds the branched arm of a snowman.
A bearded man wearing blue striped shorts, a dark tee-shirt and backwards baseball cap stands at the wheel of a ship flying a tattered red flagon open water.
A man is on a boat on calm water and has the rope.
Small child in red jacket and khaki pants at the top of a slide with a fence behind.
There are several people outside looking at acorn squash.
A girl kneeling down in what appears to be a church.
A man is bending backwards with black straps around him.
The silhouette of a person jumping in the air during a sunset.
A man waiting for traffic to stop at road crossing
A yellow hose extends from one of two off-white vehicles parked behind outstretched caution tape, as several figures gather on the sidewalk.
Firetrucks and other emergency vehicles are responding to an emergency.
A man in a tractor going down a dusty road!
A priest on the phone near some female military workers taking a break.
Starting a game of hair hockey between two men.
Two women and a child sitting by a rock with knitted things.
A group of Asian people looking at craft supplies being offered by a young woman.
Two children sled riding down a hill.
A fireman is on the roof of the house.
A young person looking timidly at the camera.
A young boy in a red outfit holding a shoe trophy above his head.
A person in a coat reads a newspaper on a bench.
A barefoot man in black shorts is sleeping on a doorstep in front of a red door.
A newborn wearing a shirt that says, "I am the boss."
Children participating in a sack race outdoors with many other children observing close by.
A boy is singing into a microphone, stage lights in the background.
A man jumping off a diving board into a pool.
A gymnast is twirling a very pretty ribbon.
A child wearing a blue shirt and shorts is digging a hole in the sand next two a small green shovel.
A young brunette girl wearing a Toronto Maple Leaf shirt is posing with a hockey stick and puck.
A game of rugby in which 2 players are attempting to stop there opponent from catching a ball in midair.
A boy in a orange shirt is sitting on a rock near water.
A young infant cries while having his or her pajamas buttoned.
At the fish market, a worker measures and filets a fish.
Numerous workers with blue shirts and white aprons are preparing fish for sale.
A professor in a black blazer is writer on a chalkboard.
A group of young men stand and sit around a fire pit while drinking and grilling their food.
A little girl in a white tub holds a wooden object into the water.
A vehicle carrying hay also holds a young boy as well as two men who sit on top of the hay.
Two people are hiding under giant bowls, possibly to avoid the sun.
There is an older man, ironing a shirt for his work.
Several boys playing around in the field.
Two young girls are riding a large bicycle on the side of the road.
A small boy playing with a gun.
A man is writing something on a marker board in a classroom as someone watches him.
Two men wrestling on the mat while the audience looks on.
A white man with black hair dressed nicely in gray dress pants, blazer and purple tie stands on the street in front of a garage flipping a pancake which is captured in midair.
A young boy and 2 girls open Christmas presents.
A young red-haired child is about to take a bite of a blue frozen snack.
Six children sitting around a rectangular dining table with a green tablecloth and food on it.
Two girls lay stomach-down in the grass while sharing headphones to an mp3 player.
Two girls lean backwards on tire swings and look upside-down at the camera.
Two men standing in a crane lift next to several tall trees.
Cowboy starting to fall off a bucking bronco.
A person is show upside down on his bicycle over a large field.
One biker doing a stunt while onlookers watch in the far corner.
A woman is walking across a step ladder bridge between two mountains.
A woman wearing black and white crossing a road.
Two elderly women shop for flowers while an african-american man watches at their side.
Two children playing in the now and rolling it into a large ball.
A young blond boy is looking a red dog bowl and a shaggy dog is sitting behind him.
Two boys using chalk to write on a sidewalk.
A baby in a white shirt is slumped over in a swing in front of the washing machine.
A woman and a young girl are happily riding on a carousel.
Two children are asleep in a two-child stroller on the sidewalk.
Two children are playing doctor with an infant.
A young blond-haired boy is going down a red slide.
3 man are playing music together consisting of guitar, violin and banjo.
An elderly man in a blue shirt standing against a black pipe.
Four police people patrol on the streets on horseback.
A man wearing a tan hat and shirt, an orange safety vest, and dark glasses gestures towards a nearby car.
Long-haired man works in a white room.
A man wearing a black jacket plays on his smartphone, while the little girl next to him wearing a scarf and blue jacket reads a book.
A man is going fishing on his boat called 'Melanie'.
A lady is smiling while sitting in front of Whole Foods and holding a food item.
A girl in a red shirt is in a bowling alley.
A crew gets a plane ready to take off.
A thin middle-aged man stands behind a podium in an empty banquet room.
A snowboarder catches some air going off a jump on a snow-covered mountain.
An older gentleman with face paint is playing the violin.
A young boy kissing a man on the forehead as he sleeps.
A man standing in front of multiple piles of soil about shovel with others.
A soldier dressed in combat gear scales a wall to join his fellow comrades on the other side.
A man is inspecting damage in a destroyed room.
There is a man that wearing black and white sitting on a pole with their face painted white holding balls.
A boy takes something from a box being held by a man in a bunny suit.
A blond child sleeping in bed with a blanket on top of him.
A person using a ladder to paint a column white.
A man in a white shirt and green vest using old tools to shape a piece of tree trunk.
A construction man with a blue hard hat is staring down under.
Two workers in hard hats and safety harnesses repair a roof.
A young man is on his laptop in an office setting.
Two women are wearing aprons and baking attire and cooking something in a kitchen.
Two boys got beat up behind a house and left there.
A man is working in an art studio and is surrounded by art supplies.
A little girl laughing while going down a slide.
Girl sits on a chair and is texting on her phone.
I see a group of people standing around and a policeman standing around.
The man takes pride in his craft as he concentrates on his carving.
A lady with a red purse is leaving the store.
A bearded man and a blond woman are sitting in an audience
Hard hatted construction workers wait to board a lift.
A man eats food on a table in front of a small food shop on the street while a passerby walks by.
A lady in purple kisses a child after her performance.
The local kids are having a footrace.
A girl in a white shirt is running.
A climber stops to take a drink while climbing a snow covered mountain.
A man is sitting on a snowbank.
Two children are playing in an outdoor swimming pool.
Two men in a parking lot of a business one man watching the other man jump.
A musician playing a stage lit in red sings into a microphone.
A person is upside down, doing a flip on a snowboard.
A man is sitting on a chair in front of a stack of watermelons.
Four dancers in yellow performing an ethnic dance.
A man in a blue snowsuit does a flip on a huge snowy mountain.
A fisherman cutting bait aboard his boat, which is moored at the dock, while pelicans swim nearby.
An older metal worker is sanding down a piece of sheet metal in a workshop.
A man on a bike leading another bicycle along a city alley.
Two children, bundled up against the cold, building a small snowman.
Three men sit contemplating their next bull ride.
Young man, in torn pants, sitting on the ledge of a window, playing a violin.
A woman mixing together a batter of food.
A group of black children posing for the camera.
A merchant is posing in a butcher's shop.
Two boys cannon balling into a lake near a red paddle boat.
A man sitting at his work station making jewelery.
An Indian man works on a textile in the background while an Indian women works with dyes in the foreground.
A parade of people wearing red march past a building while playing instruments.
A man is squatting down while painting his artwork on a large metal garage door.
Girl performing a jump in the air using a silk ribbon.
A boy with red soled shoes is playing on a swing.
A white-haired old lady, wearing a plaid shirt shopping for produce.
A young female gymnast is laying down on a mat while looking at a hula-hoop.
A camera crew prepares to film with a video camera.
A newscaster in a blue coat gives his report in the rain.
A young man is catching some air while ride a wave board.
A man in a blue jacket is kneeling on a boardwalk next to the ocean so that he can adjust his fishing pole line.
Person in exercise clothes climbing a rope.
A man exerts all his force in a gym with a large amount of weightlifted over his head.
A traffic cop direction traffic in a high population area.
A pilot wearing headphones sitting in the cockpit with his copilot.
A child who is playing with rocks.
Gray dog running down pavement toward laundry line in courtyard.
Two people sitting near a door, Holding bowls on their laps.
Girl playing in a puddle with her bare feet.
A man gets dressed in his home as he looks at his laptop.
A child sitting on the ground, looks like she is deep in thought.
A teenage boy and girl enjoying fondue.
Two men, one in blue and one in red, are playing hockey on a field.
A lady in a zebra-striped coat is interacting with someone dressed in a panda costume.
A group of young boys are playing baseball in a foreign country
Three men are working with their bikes in the shoulder of a road.
Customers and workers at the checkout of a store with red counters and shopping carts.
Two men who are wearing black shirts and pants are holding wooden sticks.
A man in a beige suit is playing a trumpet into a microphone.
Three women participate in a dance at a campsite.
A live music concert is dropping confetti from the ceiling while the crowd cheers on, ecstatically.
A female jumping in front of a graffiti wall.
A young man is stretching his leg, while balancing a disc on his finger.
A college group of students playing a game of Jenga.
Two Asian women sitting on a street corner, while a white car passes by.
A large girl wearing blue jeans jumping over a tree stump.
A man working in the fields as he moves his hands around the tall grass.
A young lady takes time to think on a public bench.
A woman dressed in cosplay outside showing off for the camera.
A woman in snowshoes looks at a piece of paper.
A hand holds a pencil over a page of sheet music.
A woman in a candy store browsing candy.
A woman is looking into a trashcan outside of the Mango Mang.
A lady is fixing another lady's hair.
An elderly man in an orange shirt and green shorts walks past a building decorated with graffiti.
Two children play soccer on green grass.
Fisherman on boat grabbing a net filled with what appears to be clams.
Confetti is in the air among a huge crowd of people at some kind of celebration.
A singer is hot and sweaty from performing in a concert.
Police looking at each other on horses.
A man holding a child is looking at toys in a store.
A soccer player kicks a ball.
A woman in a black shirt, with a scarf around her neck, is sewing.
A police officer, with many items around his waist, is ordering something at a cafe.
A colorfully painted and dressed man performs for the audience.
A woman pushing a shopping cart at a grocery store.
A man wearing sunglasses is sitting in a white vehicle with a crest on the door.
A boy smiles surrounded by several other people smiles at the camera.
A man with glass and a woman wearing a pink shirt sit beside each other.
A man is speaking at a podium in a church.
A woman with her hand in a large pot at an outside water well pump.
Two adult women, one wearing an umbrella, and a little girl walking on a bridge.
Several people including a woman in a red dress holding a child are in a street near dozens of pigeons.
A small child hangs out the window of a bus.
Four men in purple shirts and two in dark gray moving a sculpture.
People working together fill wheelbarrows at a playground.
A group of young soccer players run down the field after the ball.
A skier flies through the air while doing a trick.
A male surfer felling off of his surfboard on top of a small wave
An older man and a young girl looking at the fish in an artificial pond.
A performer kneeling at the edge of a stage to receive something from a woman in the front row.
Two men jump off the ground during a sparring competition between opponents.
An elderly couple dances next to a table where a boy is sitting with his head down.
A young woman, carrying several shopping bags is jumping up in the air.
Two women are wearing red ethnic costumes, with a Chinese building and a mountain in the background.
A man and a boy touching one another's hands with two other people in the background.
Two man are swimming on a shore with a tree covered hill in the background.
The boy is playing a game of volleyball on the beach.
Two men playing ball, one white one black, with the black one leaping towards the right side of the frame.
Seven people are using PC table in a round table.
A man in a green jacket has set up a camera on some rocks.
A man standing in front of a wooden bridge near a rocky river.
A man with shades and a black shirt on performing passionately on stage.
A group of kids enjoy snacks and are playing a board game together.
A scientist in a lab points to a computer screen while one of his co-workers looks on.
A snowboarder in the air wearing bright yellow pants.
A man in construction takes a break while he looks at the view.
A city street has three people walking in different directions.
A man dressed in a traditional Native American attire is playing an instrument native to his people.
A woman in a brown dress is jumps off some stairs outside a building.
Some staff members in yellow shirts help out with local kids in arts and crafts activities.
A man, with a red sports jersey, looks on at a football match.
Four guys in white lab coats with lockers in the background holding something on fire.
A woman in a plaid skirt and a man with plaid socks, kilt get ready to dance the night away.
Several people laying down on a rocky beach in the foreground with people standing up in the background.
A group of people are dancing in colorful costumes in front of a Fired Earth interiors store.
A group of women, dressed in festive blue dresses and feather head decors, parade down the street.
Two women playing in front of a door labeled "The Castle Keep".
Three young ladies in yellow uniform are taking a break at a small table.
A man in a black hat and shorts throwing a matching yellow glow stick
A young lady with wild blond-hair is playing the electric guitar on the stage.
Four children are playing in the sand near the water's edge.
A soccer player in a red uniform is about to kick the ball.
A little girl is brushing her teeth.
A crowd of onlookers on a tractor ride watch a farmer hard at work in the field.
A man with a shopping cart is studying the shelves in a supermarket aisle.
A man is standing on scaffolding in a studio while a fire burns in the foreground.
An action photo on stage of a punk rock band.
A couple, looked like Aladdin and Jasmine, is riding the magic carpet on a night sky.
A black and a white dog are going after a tennis ball.
Happy, smiley toddler sitting in a pretty blue, white and yellow blanket throwing a large blue ball.
A band is performing a song in a club.
One young boy holding his breath and jumping in the lake on a warm day.
A group of women in saris sit, talk and bathe together.
A boy in a padded helmet is bouncing on an indoor trampoline.
This worker is pushing his cart through the busy traffic alone.
A guitarist jams for a crowd on his red instrument surrounded by his band mates under streaming white lights.
A man plays his accordion along the streets, entertaining passersby.
A crowd of adults dressed in bright colors are clapping their hands.
A girl play a violin and another one playing a clarinet behind her.
A woman in a striped shirt is walking a horse across a street.
A man observes a painting while another person attempts to recreate the same painting.
A motorcycle cop examines a bright neon reflective vest while standing next to two brightly colored police motorcycles.
A small child plays with toys at a wooden workbench.
A man in a white apron is grilling on a grill outside.
Four men lounging on furniture while all on their laptops against a tan colored wall.
There is a man in a red sweatshirt attempting to do a trick on a skateboard.
Several people in costumes from Disney movies are walking down a street.
A tour group sits on the second story of a double-decker tour bus in the middle of Times Square.
A pretty lady is sitting down and opening her purse.
A man waterskiing with the water flying up behind him.
An older woman rolling out dough to bake with.
A man who is partly bald with sunglasses on, a black sweater and jeans, has a shovel and is shoveling the sidewalk and some stairs while a golden retriever watches him.
A man and his female assistant use a propane torch to grill steaks.
A person picking garbanzo beans with her bear hands.
A man travels with two donkeys in the mountains
A lone climber on a snowcapped mountain with several huge mountains in the background.
A bearded man in blue jeans on a skateboard is jumping over a shopping cart.
Two people climb through a web of metal trellis wearing shorts and tennis shoes.
A man grinds down a rail while on a skateboard.
A woman with bright red lips and a striped shirt is straining in front of a microphone on a stand, while another person is in the background holding a microphone.
A young boy is cooking meat on a grill outside.
An Asian man, woman and boy are selecting packaged food at an inside market.
A marching band wearing blue and black dances on the street.
Two children stand and face the camera in front of a dinosaur skeleton.
Two people, one man and one woman, jumping at the same time.
A young girl in a karate uniform jumps off a trampoline as her instructor looks on.
A girl wearing pink hangs on the hoops.
A child, sitting at a table with crayons and art supplies, draws a picture with a baby in the background.
A woman with a microphone making espresso
Someone in a rain jacket pushes a yellow bag on wheels down the sidewalk.
Little boys playing soccer wearing orange and black
A team of boys in red and black uniforms play soccer on a field.
2 Asian men are sweeping flower petals off of some stairs.
A person in black pans and a black t-shirt jumping on a fountain plaza.
A group of boys are building something with wood.
Two women are shoveling dirt in a yard by a fence.
A man wearing safety goggles is repairing a bicycle tire.
A man in a black outfit, with flames on it, is practicing his fighting technique.
The child is walking through tall grass on a sunny day.
A girl appears to be hanging upside down from a jungle gym.
A kid suspended in midair by some cables.
An athlete in red shorts is caught frozen during a basketball move.
The girls return to the field during their softball game.
Two men in the ship "Amble" are setting out loaded with traps.
Two dogs running in the dirt
A woman wearing a black and blue dress figure skating on one leg.
A little boy looking at his telescope in daytime.
An older man with white hair and a beard is talking into a microphone.
Construction workers use cables to hang from the sides of buildings.
Two little girls are standing on a small ledge with their faces to a brick wall.
A boy holding a skateboard is jumping over another boy.
A man and a woman dressed like highway department employees, work on the side of the road.
Several government workers working on a railroad crossing.
Colorfully dressed man dancing in the streets, while balancing something on his head.
A guy snowboarding down a large mountain.
A skier is skiing down a mountain wearing goggles and a red anorak.
A man is on his mountain bike flying in the air.
A man sits, selling flowers and vegetables on the side of a busy street.
A person walking with his bike and two other people.
A man with a beard repairs a net sitting with a buoy and rope next to him.
A person reaches into the backseat of a truck while workers work behind.
A man with a hairy chest is mowing a lawn.
A boy wearing a striped shirt is sitting at a table cutting something.
A smiling boy makes a gesture with one hand while holding a large bottle of soda in the other.
A child and a woman are performing gardening work.
A man jumping his bicycle off dirt mounds is several feet in the air.
An off road bike rider is riding over a log.
A Man on the street plays his Guitar for the crowd.
Two women shopping for groceries at the store.
A woman is waiting with children as she is checked out at Walmart.
An older man is shopping at Walmart for laundry soap.
A woman in a bikini is standing in water, and is surrounded by fish.
Two men with no shirts are on a rooftop.
An elderly man in a white shirt looking at a webpage on his computer, in his office.
The officer, on the white moped, is crossing the cobblestone sidewalk.
A man on a bike is riding past a yellow building that has been marked with graffiti.
Woman setting up a photograph of a gentleman in a wheelchair with 3 onlookers and two officials.
A man dressed as a colonist speaks to a crowd in a cloudy town.
A man conducting an orchestra and instructing people.
A man with a camera on his shoulder videotaping a concert recital.
Man cutting grass near a building wearing face gear for protection.
A man is outdoors washing his car with soap and water.
A woman is performing gymnastics with long red ribbons.
A woman in sunglasses making a pouting face while eating seafood.
A man in neon clothes fixes a street sign.
A middle-aged woman sweeps the sidewalk in front of a retail shop in a city.
A man cleaning the window of a gift shop.
A man in a uniform is on a ramp looking back at a stacked row of grocery shopping carts.
The ladies in the purple jackets are playing the sax.
A group of men in shorts and shirts jogging down a brick walkway.
A group of man standing by a white truck.
A man is mopping up the inside of an amusement park ride that is covered with blue plastic sheets.
A man pushes a cart on a pedestrian walkway.
A male guitar player is vigorously singing a not to a song in a poorly lit room.
A man playing the accordion with a girl singing and playing the tambourine.
An expectant woman happily lets another listen to the baby inside of her.
Two people pushing a shopping cart on a people-mover.
Two men are in a speeding boat in the water, with land and sailboats in the background.
Two uniformed men are riding in a motorized boat.
Several men in life jackets and other gear on a boat in the water.
The band of four guys is performing on a brightly lit stage.
Five women, wearing long native robes, and two men, wearing only pants, are shown in the water, conversing and splashing.
Man dressed up is colorful garments making balloon art.
Two people jousting with lances and shields on horses while people watch from under a tent and outside of the tent.
A man in a helmet riding an ATV in a desert.
A young girl wearing a polka dot dress and bunny ears is playing an arcade game.
A man wipes the outside of a window clean as a girl cleans the same window from the inside.
A man with a white t-shirt and blue jeans does a handstand on a green lawn.
Two men are removing tree branches.
Three women in dresses are on a stage, leaning back on one leg with a curtain behind them.
A group of young adults cheering in a crowd.
A platform floats on a river carrying a man playing a piano, a woman singing, and a man with an oar rowing the platform.
A man pulling a rickshaw or handcart is sharing a road in China with an Audi and truck.
Four men attempt to fix a hot air balloon with another hot air balloon seen in the background.
A man is rollerblading on a railing.
A young man sliding down a banister on rollerblades while people behind him watch him in the park.
Multiple firefighters are standing outdoors in full uniform
A man in a bright green shirt and hard hat is climbing a tree.
Road workers carry orange paint at a work site.
A little girl brushes her teeth with an orange and blue toothbrush.
A male with sunglasses is poking at a tree with a pole.
Two men operating a hose that is hanging down into the water, the target of it is unclear in the picture.
A group of people in inflatable rafts trying to maneuver in an icy river.
A little girl wearing a life jacket in the ocean watching a whale beside the boat.
Maintenance worker cleaning the side of a red and white train.
An old man wearing a blue shirt is riding his bike past a large cruise ship.
Woman works with her sewing machine.
A woman with blond-hair, with bright red streaks on top working on a computer.
Children are playing outside in a fountain.
The young lady wearing outdoor clothing is tossing a blue football, with a couple of other people in the photo who look like students, on a sunny day.
A road worker in green, there is an orange cone near him.
Construction workers in blue pants and lime green shirts cut branches from a tree.
Three landscape works clear away a fallen tree branch.
A young blond woman wearing athletic attire is about to throw a blue football.
A woman in black laying face down on a mat in a tranquil room.
Two children playing in a soccer match on a soccer field.
A bull rider, in full padding and wearing a helmet, rides a large brown and white bull.
Two young boys sit in boxes in the living room near some decorative chairs.
A woman in a bright red dress is standing outside of a building.
A young man is singing on stage with mic to his mouth.
A band performs on a small stage with neon lights glowing.
A man in a neon shirt, khakis, and an orange hard hat walks by a mulch machine.
A young hispanic-looking boy sitting backwards on a donkey.
Family sitting down in a field of grass while others walk by.
A man in a construction outfit is working on trimming tree limbs.
A girl in a gray tank top hands a glass to a man in a white shirt.
A team of chefs work to prepare a meal.
A man wearing a hard hat is feeding brush into an industrial wood chipper.
An elderly man holds the arms of a young boy wearing batman trunks.
A boy in a red jersey is playing ice hokey on an outdoor ice rink.
Two men, one in a black coat, have a conversation in front of a building.
Two woman with white head coverings are gazing at a cellphone.
Women pointing her arm out while in a stance.
A man and two boys standing in spraying water.
People walking around outside in either fall or winter season.
An elderly woman in a tent uses scissors and a chair to repair a fishing net.
The older gentlemen explains with enthusiasm what the string is for.
A group of men wearing cowboy hats are sitting next to a horse.
Lady in a pretty bright yellow dress is being asked to dance, while children look on.
A woman wearing a green and pink dress is dancing with someone wearing a blue top with white pants.
A group of young people about to perform in front of an audience.
Two little girls in a store that are looking at barbie toys.
A man in a white shirt is standing on an airplane.
Two men in baseball uniforms are playing baseball, one is on the ground with a helmet, and the other is crouching.
Two female cowgirls sitting on well maintained horses wearing white hats.
A man in a white uniform with blue trim prepares food for serving.
Two canoes floating down the river with goods.
A young man sunbathing on a beautiful beach with a tower in the middle of the sea.
Three young child are observing and interacting with a microscope and computer.
This young woman is receiving a manicure at a salon.
Two men and four children wearing matching clothes.
There are a lot of kids walking on train tracks surrounded by trees.
2 men are wrestling and are in midair, while the referee and spectators observe.
Here is a picture of a teacher talking on a microphone in his classroom.
A man on a bicycle is talking to a woman who is sitting behind some tables.
A subway station where numerous people are standing and one woman is sitting and reading.
Two officers on horseback looking down the city street.
Coaches for the North Side baseball team talk to their players in the dugout.
Well dressed man and woman dancing in the street
This mother and her daughter and granddaughter are having car trouble, and the poor little girl looks hot out in the heat.
A woman tickling a man on the floor while five other people are laughing.
Three gentlemen using a hose to pipe something out of an oil drum.
A man is giving two thumbs up to a crowd of people.
A butcher is slicing meat in a store on the counter.
Man and woman dancing on a sunny day in a street lined with small buildings and outdoor exhibits.
A plane is flying overhead while a man is walking near the water on a beach.
Young adults dancing in the street
A girl in a bright yellow jacket poses in front of a bright yellow truck.
A janitor sweeps the sidewalk in a busy street with many cars and pedestrians.
Dressed in complete uniform, two young brothers practice martial arts on their parents' balcony.
A few people sit together on the snowy mountaintop.
Two men are sweeping a room that is empty except for one step ladder.
A man sits in his tent on a mountain.
A black dog is poised to catch a Frisbee.
Kids pass the time while others watch.
A man stands in a red shirt and blue jeans facing a man in black across tracks with an escalator in the background.
A man and woman are dancing while spectators watch.
A band plays outdoors playing guitars and drums, the singer wears sunglasses and a black shirt and bandanna with a goatee, the other man wears a fedora and purple shirt, the other players are not pictured.
A young musician performs in front of a skyline.
A workman wearing a striped shirt and gloves clutching his hard hat with one hand and his crotch with the other.
A man in formal attire is playing the clarinet
Two men are riding trail bikes and are jumping over a hill in a area that is wooded.
A young man wearing a blue shirt is in midair with a bicycle
A bicyclist wearing a bright blue short-sleeved t-shirt and protective face gear performs a trick in which he is completely upside down, framed against a background of conifers and a partly-cloudy sky.
A man grilling outside with a few people enjoying his meat.
Some men and boys are playing with a Frisbee in a grassy area.
A man poses looking back while a younger girl fishes.
An asian child with a yellow bow in her hair on a swing with an asian woman standing behind her.
A little boy with a soccer ball flying.
A young lady at a gymnastic event in the middle of her performance, wearing a blue and white outfit while teammates look on.
A man practices with a three section staff in front of a red curtain.
A man dressed in a light blue shirt dumping items from a bin into another bin, while standing in a room full of food donations.
Children are walking along a dirt path.
Two postal workers are smiling while holding bins of canned goods.
A young child playing in a Lexmark box and using it as a fort.
A ballet dancer in a blue leotard doing a back-bend with her left hand extended.
Little boy in orange shirt, holding flip-flops has his hand on his head.
A man in a gray shirt playing a whistle.
A nurse is listening to another women's heartbeat with a stethoscope.
A woman with brown hair is doing a science experiment while wearing goggles and a blue shirt.
A little kid in a blue coat watching ducks swim.
A man in a wetsuit is surfing on a white surfboard.
Dog jumping in the snow near a tree.
Four boys are shown in a house playing and all wear t-shirts.
Two men in hard hats sawing a plank of wood.
Three men are sitting on a boat looking up at the sky.
A nun hands a man a napkin.
Four dancers dressed in white, flowing gowns perform their routine.
A ballerina in a red dress leaps into the air.
A woman is handing dolls out of a large window to another woman outside on a ladder.
There are four soldiers, two are hurt and in wheelchairs.
A man playing at a baseball game who has just hit the bat.
People standing outside waiting for the graffiti covered train to pass.
Three women dress up as ninjas for a costume party.
A child in a white shirt clapping their hands.
A man in a red sweater and blue cap is painting a picture.
A Chinese man plays the drum in a band.
An Asian chef wearing white is cutting meat in a restaurant.
Men in a kitchen preparing food.
A little girl in blue is watching a little boy in black swing at a disney princess pinata.
A little girl with a face-painting swinging a stick at a pinata.
An older man wearing a tan sweater is working on a painting.
A old man in a red jacket is holding up money.
A caucasian female is jumping and clicking her heels together in front of a crowd of African children.
A man and a little boy enjoy a dinner of vegetables.
A teenager stuffs his mouth with something as he sits inside a home.
A man is playing the accordion.
A man with a scarf throws a stick javelin-style on an abandoned beach.
A man in a hat and blazer performs on the street with his guitar and harmonica.
Two men bend over the hydraulic hoses of a John Deere farming device.
Two female street performers playfully interact using a ball as a prop.
An Amish lady hangs up clothes to dry outside on a line.
Two young girls show prints of a line drawing of an animal.
The little boy is wading through the pool with red arm floaties.
There are a group of people playing soccer next to a bunch of bicycles.
A man in a white hard hat pulls a sea probe that is hoisted over the side of the boat.
Two little boys rowing through the brown murky water.
A little boy jumps high above the swimming pool with a man in the background.
A boy is wearing a baseball mitt and holding a baseball.
A group of people sit on a bench admiring a painting in an exhibit while others walk by.
Crowd moves through building with large sculpture centered in picture.
A man with a backpack, wearing shorts and a t-shirt, walks through an art museum, looking upward.
A man and four teenage boys are raking a baseball diamond.
Student uses a camera to take a picture of a piece of art.
Students are carefully focused in one direction.
Indoors, a woman wearing a surgical mask, gown and gloves works on a reclining person.
A group of guys working as a group in a classroom.
A man skateboards in a skate park while others skaters skate in the background.
A man and a young toddler are playing outside in the grass.
A truck with a crane and 3 workers on it is in front of a construction project that has a green covering.
A young child throws a frisbee to the ground.
Indian women learning from a man how to make fabric.
A man is dressed as a movie character holding a gun in the lobby of a movie theater.
A police officer is putting a leash on a dog.
A police officer is riding a horse through the street.
Many women trying out and looking at laptops in a Walmart.
A male tennis player prepares a left-handed forehand while playing on clay.
The green hula hoop soars through the air as the young lady watches for its landing.
The man in red stands behind the chains while looking across the water towards land.
Nine men vigorously play rugby on an outdoor field.
Two men are sword-fighting in front of a crowd.
Odd child with fake eye barrows and a cut on his lip holds out his right hand.
A guy sitting outside on top of a bucket playing a banjo.
A tennis player getting ready to hit the ball while standing on a bright orange court.
Two females dressed in pink are sitting on swings that are part of a suspended wooden square contraption.
Two children are looking through a telescope on a city street, and the boy is using a step ladder to see through the eyeglass.
A group of children in the water holding up a blond boy in red swim shorts.
A man is showing some boxes of perfume to a person inside of a car.
Children are playing a game outside.
Two female Army personnel are handling a lot of paperwork at one desk.
A woman is doing inclined dumbbell presses at a gym.
A woman in a black and white checkered shirt is coloring in a coloring book with a little blond girl.
Group of people by the ocean holding a net
A group of men and women sit at a restaurant table with beer and food.
A young female baseball player slides to home base but is caught by the umpire.
Two people are jumping on a bridge in the mountains.
The woman, in the blue shirt, is carrying a broom and a metal dustpan.
A little girl is walking by the beach in blue and red rain boots.
A blond little girl looks through a pair of green binoculars.
A boy petting a dog in a yard with a garden in it.
Brown-haired women presents birthday cake to blond-haired boy in front of crowd.
A group of people of all ages gather in a pretty white kitchen for refreshments.
A young boy and a woman pose near a snowman as a dog lies on the flat, snow-covered ground.
A little boy in flannel pajama pants and an orange shirt is playing the guitar on the couch.
A boy is being covered in sand at the beach.
A child wearing gray pants, green winter coat and black ski cap feeding geese in a lake.
A man is painting a wall.
A young boy is driving his pedal-powered, toy tractor outside as his friend jumps around in the background.
A child in a red snowsuit stands next to a snow pile.
A boy and girl are standing together, and the girl is holding a volleyball.
A little girl and boy play tea with pretend dishes and dolls at a little table.
Two young children dressed in winter clothes ride their toy sleds down a small hill.
A construction worker in an orange vest stretches on the job.
A woman and a male child are engaged in a balloon fight as a man watches.
A girl in a blue dress plays with a Chinese yo-yo.
Three young women in white and black dresses playing violins on a stage.
A child uses a hand to erase part of an advertisement from a chalkboard.
Two people, one wearing a blue shirt and another wearing a pink shirt, are rappelling down a building.
Two workers, working on a rooftop, looking over a town.
A man holds a woman in a blue and white costume in the air.
A military group is marching in front of a McDonald's
An enthusiastic little girl showing her skills on the drums.
A player on the beach is waiting to catch a ball.
A male photographer kneels while taking a picture with a Nikon camera in a parking lot.
Two women have a discussion in a mostly white, modernistic office.
A large crowd of people, and at the side a gentleman having his picture taken by a photographer as he poses.
A billboard for Comcast Digital Voice that references Madagascar 2.
A child in red and blue floaties looking down at the water.
An older man plying a guitar in a band.
A woman holds two baby girls whilst sitting cross legged on the grass.
A helmeted rock climber ascends a rock with trees behind.
Several little girls dressed up in costume to entertain their friends and families.
A girl jumps rope in a parking lot.
A group of people standing in line outside the Hyatt Regency.
A girl with blue highlights watches a dog leap to catch a frisbee.
A little girl is jumping rope in a parking lot.
A woman is playing a keyboard while singing into a microphone.
Two construction workers are maneuvering a log onto or off of a flatbed on a heavily tree-lined road.
A man in suspenders is dancing on a stage while a band plays behind him.
A man is standing on a mountaintop looking into the distance.
Children playing on the sidewalk surrounded by leaves.
A male hiker carries his gear up the snowy mountain.
A man skiing in the mountains
A man is standing on top of a mountain gazing at the sunset.
A child is observing a specimen in a microscope.
A young girl in black is walking on a treadmill.
A group of people exercising on a green field.
Men and women practice yoga in a public park.
Two women wearing skirts dance on a stage.
A man pointing to the audience area on stage while holding a microphone with banjos behind him.
Two women face each other in a dance.
A group of rollerskaters follow the lead of a man wearing blue pants and a red shirt on a wood paneled floor.
Two brown dogs are playing with a red ball.
A young man in a backwards baseball cap balances his skateboard on the edge of the concrete.
The young lady is standing after performing in a play.
A kite surfer and a kite flier prepare to launch their respective kites on a grassy slope.
Kids playing on a playground with a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper.
Two women walking on a gray road.
A man wearing a suit and hat holds a wineglass.
A baseman is holding out his glove to catch a ball and tag his opponent out.
A cameraman is working at a sporting event.
A woman in a turquoise top talking to the conductor of a trolley near a foreign cafe.
A man in a blue shirt washes a window high off the ground.
A woman with green hair, a sexy outfit and black stiletto boots is standing in a pose behind a few black railings.
Three people riding horses are in a race.
A large crowd of people raise their arms in an urban setting while photographers document the event.
A small child dancing in front a orchestra band.
Men and women eating near a storefront one man and a woman with a stroller taking to each other.
A young child with blond-hair is staring into a camera picture.
A young woman with a feather in her hair is featured from among a crowd of people.
A cowboy on a horse at a rodeo.
Asian religious members wearing dark red garb are at an open air market conversing with patron of a vegetable stand.
A little boy jumping in a large body of water.
A swimmer is swimming from one side of the pool to the other.
Four men sit on a bench in a desert village.
A woman in yellow works at an outdoor fruit stand while a customer in sunglasses stands near the stand.
Graphics Designer, male (approximately 38 years old) drafting on design table in office.
A man in black and white garb and wearing a black hat and white gloves is sitting on an amp playing a tuba with flames coming out of the opening.
Young lady during a performance of modern dance.
A child in a green shirt is looking at something that is out of the frame.
A girl, in a pink shirt, is enjoying a delicious treat of cotton candy.
A woman in a flowing green dress is dancing.
A gentlemen is enjoying a afternoon of golf.
A man dressed in black plays a long instrument with others in an orchestra.
Three women in tracksuits, hunched over, cleaning a basketball court floor.
A man wearing red and yellow riding a red sport bike driving on a racetrack.
A man sits on a stool and reads a newspaper on a sidewalk.
A curly-haired dog tries to bite another dog wearing a green and orange collar.
A large group of people is standing in two ovals while listening to a band play in the background.
A woman in scuba gear laughs as she stands neck-deep in a swimming pool.
People train in a studio with pads.
A female singer on stage with a tambourine with two men playing guitar and drums.
Rodeo rider shows great style mid jump of his bucking horse
Two female tennis players shake hands over the net while an official and court attendant look on.
A cowboy is riding a wild horse but barely holding on at a rodeo.
A girl dressed in black jumps in the air while holding the string of a pink balloon.
A little girl running through a crowd of people sitting.
A groom dressed in a black tuxedo dips and kisses his bride at the wedding reception held in a home.
Several people are dancing in a crowded room.
Male in a blue shirt with id tag vacuuming a model of a building.
An oriental man in a white shirt selling food outside.
A man sits on top of a streetlight post with a picture of a thing in bones looking up to him in the focus.
A group of men, one with a bike, on a dock with tires and a rope.
Two men are working in a field by a den as their dog is about to walk up on them.
A boy performs a stunt on a skateboard in a skate park.
A group of men is standing around a table and looking at a map.
Baby has fun brushing his teeth.
A pitcher in a blue shirt, on the mound, practices his grip before throwing the pitch.
The baseball player is about to run on a base.
A baseball player swings at the pitch while the opposing team's catcher is ready for the ball.
A man in a white baseball uniform picking up a baseball.
A base runner is being tagged out by the opposing team.
A man wearing baseball attire attempting to catch the baseball.
A baseball player in a red and white uniform looks on as his teammate trips while running to a base.
Player 22 receives pitch from women near pitchers mount.
A man in a plaid coat sells colorful balloons from a cart as people walk by.
A child peering out the window of a bus.
A little boy in a green shirt is playing in water with a little girl in a pink shirt and purple skirt.
People walking and standing around a large fountain, two children standing in front of the fountain.
Three guys on stage, one of whom has a guitar and another a keyboard.
Two boys playing in the sand.
An elderly woman wearing an apron and black dress hangs clothes on the laundry line.
Young boy plays a game on the computer.
A man in a yellow tank top drives a tractor with several passengers.
School children in uniforms sit on hill, while eating lunch.
A pastry chef sprinkles ingredients on a pan of backed goods.
A few kids and adults, wearing aprons making cookies.
A man with a crazy hairdo and a long braided mustache sits on the sidewalk outside playing a stringed instrument.
A woman and a girl are looking at a hovering ball together.
A little boy in a blue cap and blue shirt looks at a model while standing outside.
Man cutting up his food to put on a plate.
A group of multi-ethnic young people sit in a circle on grass next to a hill.
A couple holding hands while walking down the beach.
A newlywed couple pose for formal pictures in front of a beautiful water fountain.
A cheerleading team of young girls performs on an outdoor venue.
Six men wearing yellow suits and orange life vests are leaving a rocky shoreline on their boat.
A person sits in rocks in waterproof gear with their boots in the water.
Three people are attempting feel the rush of free falling before they pull their parachutes.
A young boy is looking at a man painted in all gold.
Band of gentlemen sitting in a semi circle playing brass instruments at the park
Men in American Revolutionary hats and costumes stand with American flags, backs to the camera.
A girl and a guy who looks like they are outside breakdancing.
A man carrying a blue oil drum is performing a show on the street.
A man wears American flag shorts, shirt, and hat at an outdoor gathering.
A man is about to hit the water.
A group of people are conversing while a man in a white shirt takes notes.
A group of men are holding a meeting.
The pitcher on the mound, number 46, is poised for his next pitch.
A baseball player, wearing red, diving to catch a ball.
A baseball player in blue tags a player in red out.
A woman with green hair hula hoops before a crowd.
A young girl with blond-hair peering through a microscope.
Women in black coat waits on laundry while reading newspaper.
A man is sitting in his chair in an office while putting on a red fleece sweater
An older man is playing a guitar while on stage.
A man and a woman are setting up a dining room.
A man participates in an ancient ritual dance.
A man in a blue jersey and red hat is about to throw a baseball.
Three men work at a construction site.
A baseball player sliding into home as the opposing team's catcher awaits the baseball for the out.
A baseball player with a red helmet is hitting a baseball.
African grocery market, with lady shopping for vegetables and fruits.
A young girl blows a huge bubble on her back porch.
Several men in white chef's jackets work in a kitchen.
A bull is running towards a red cloth.
A dead bull is being pulled out of an arena by horses.
A person with long hair is sitting on a purple couch.
A man with a backpack on is waited on at a deli counter by a clerk with a black hat.
A group of people walk up a sloping trail lined with trees.
Eight young women perform a cheerleading dance on a court.
The man in the white shirt is praying in public.
Person in white shirt and blue jeans, holding hand out with an empty cup in the other, and a liquid mess on the ground.
Long line of people waiting to get into The Magpie Cafe.
A shirtless man is in midair with a skateboard beneath him.
Individuals sit contently on park benches under newly blossoming trees in an urban area.
Two women are at ATMs getting money out and the lady on the left has two children.
A man is taking pictures on his phone of stone figurines while his dog looks on.
A young couple riding on a bus with the boy's arm around the girl.
A small boy is walking through the forrest.
People are riding an escalator up and down a subway station tunnel.
A woman is performing a native dance in front of a band.
A woman in ethnic attire is kneeling on the ground, arching her back in a dance position.
Four people wearing black leotards dancing on a beach.
Three Kids up close on the beach with more people in the background.
People enjoying a nice game of bowling.
A mysterious man is leaning against the white wall of a dimly lit tunnel.
A man is on a bucking bull at the Rodeo.
A black woman peering through a telescope with several people in the background in the park.
A man is looking at the moon throw a telescope at dusk.
Two Asian men sit down and look at something that is out of view of the photograph.
An young overweight male pitches a ball.
An older white man with glasses works on a metalworking task on an anvil.
Three construction workers completing the foundation for a driveway.
A lady wearing a red hat is fishing in a quiet and peaceful lake.
A woman in a dress hanging laundry up on a clothesline outside in her yard.
A young woman is painting the wall of a room with bright orange-red paint.
A man presses some sort of dough-like food between two wooden paddles.
A woman, with dark hair in a braid, who is smiling as a group of pigeons fly around her.
A man is driving past a truck hauling vehicles.
A man with a gray shirt with the tag bombardier is using an orange flashlight.
A group works on a project involving a piano and has 53:11 remaining.
A group of people with white face makeup gathered around a table with some people playing instruments in front of a truck in the background.
There is a carpenter measuring a board.
A man in a gray sweater and glasses is laughing.
Contortionist in strange checkered outfit wearing a white mask.
A brown-haired woman is giving a black and white dog a haircut.
Man wearing a hard hat and face mask while standing idle on the job.
A man at the bottom of a concrete hole with a rope.
Two women wearing safety goggles, looking at the same notebook.
Men converse as two men are in a bucket lift.
Women enjoying a day shopping in the streets.
Women dancing in bright colored costumes and bare feet.
A birds eye view of women dancing with different colored dresses.
Four girls synchronizing dance recitals in which they are wearing blue and purple outfits.
A little league pitcher is throwing the ball
One guy is trying to make a base and the other is throwing a ball.
A singer kneels with his microphone while a drummer plays in the background.
A man leaning over a fence is talking to a baseball player who is resting.
Boy jumping off the high diving board at a public pool.
A jockey crouches low urging his horse forward during a horse race with another jockey in hot pursuit.
A horse jockey covered in mud during a race.
A jockey on a white camel takes the lead in a camel race.
Three young, athletic girls are dressed in black and blue leotards.
A guy with blue jeans on and a few people in the background are cleaning up a big mess.
A crowd of people watching a man ride on a dirt bike.
A man in a blue peacock costume with smoke and fog underneath him.
A baseball player catching a ball as it comes to him.
A girl in ripped jeans and a white t-shirt leads others in a synchronized dance.
An Asian Gymnast in a Rhinestone Suit holding a baton.
A male skateboarder in a black shirt, and white pants, jumping over a yellow object.
Four young girls compete in team gymnastics.
A young gymnast in a burgundy and silver leotard performs a routine.
There is a guy doing tricks with his skateboard.
A female gymnast is doing a flip as is captured in the photo with her feet in the sky and he head towards the ground.
A man is using an umbrella.
Two boys getting shot by a water gun by another boy in a yard.
Indians having a gathering with coats and food and drinks.
During the middle of a water fight a boy decides to dumb a gallon of water on a girl's face.
A band performs music on a stage with lights.
Blond man in a black suit with yellow shoes in jumping over a hurdle.
A donkey suspended in air after a cart it is attached to over turns.
Two men are fighting each other in a martial arts match.
A person in an orange kayak navigates white water rapids.
Two men are driving a motorcycle with a compartment attached on the side
A crowded city square being entertained by street performers.
Two men work on girls bike in front of garage.
A middle-aged man wearing a red sweatsuit fixes his bicycle.
Two navy men and two young girls are playing monopoly.
A man is standing inside a laundry room, pointing to a button on a washing machine.
Two boys in a wooded area are placing leaves in a clear viewing container.
Two musicians are performing on stage in front of a crowd.
A man in a leather jacket holding a helmet at a crosswalk.
A man is doing a cannon ball into a pool, stadium chairs fill the background.
A woman dressed in a neon pink tutu and leotard dramatically holds her boxing gloved hands above her head in a crowded public space.
Five people standing at a modern rock concert rehearsal.
A small boy is holding a basketball in position to throw it into a hoop on a game.
Three swim competitors with blue, green, and yellow head caps are getting ready to race.
A teenager in a blue t-shirt in playing a game at a table at a video arcade.
A man playing a synthesizer wearing a green sweater and hat.
A photographer in a green shirt and jeans, stoops to photograph a swimmer in red that is exiting the pool.
A female athlete is running after exiting a swimming pool.
A young girl eats a piece of cake.
Men are competing in a motorcycle race.
A shirtless man in black pants is pulling the leg of another man in green pants.
A baseball player jumps against the fence to make a catch
A baseball player in a white uniform is throwing the ball to another player at a base.
Two men play cricket in a park.
A baseball player in a gray uniform is catching a ground ball in his glove.
A boy plays on a green swing.
A bunch of happy children having fun swimming and one boy is showing off his talent with a back flip.
A woman with red-hair is singing.
A girl in red with a white tutu is performing a dance move while 6 other girls stand beside her.
A tired man in a blue shirt kayaks down a lake.
One man with a hat on by the ocean, lifting up a sac.
A person in pink attempts to mount a horse.
While at a rodeo, a brash cowboy has wrangled a young calf with many fans in the background looking upon them
The swimming competitors prepare for their meet.
A baseball player in white is sliding into the base while the player in gray is trying to tag him.
A motorcyclist performing amazing tricks in front of a crowd of thousands.
Two dogs play together on the grass in front of a small stone well.
Employee's are trying to fix the tangled nets for the fishing boat.
Two men are sitting on a pile of fishing nets on a dock next to an elaborately designed fishing vessel.
A band is playing for a crown in a nighttime setting.
One man wearing a green shirt is playing music on a blue set of drums.
A skater moving around a track in front of an audience.
A man at a skate park is doing an ollie out of a bowl near a beach.
A girl climbs all over a bunch of wires.
The backside of two men cooking at a stove.
A man flips through the air with a large pine tree in the background.
A boy is dancing with headphone in his ear.
Man in white shirt blowing trumpet.
The woman is attempting to surf in front of two photographers taking pictures.
This woman is horseback riding on a sunny afternoon.
A person riding a dirt bike dangerously close to a cliff in a forest.
A man and woman on horseback holding up the American flag before a rodeo.
A young boy in a blue t-shirt looks through a microscope.
Two women involved in either the preparation or sale of something in yellow bags.
Three men playing music on a stage, one is on the piano, one is singing, while the other is playing a drum with his hands.
A surfer showing off his talent in public using a man-made water machine.
A woman reads a magazine as her laundry gets done.
Four little naked boys playing with an ox in dirty water.
This is a man in a clown costume balancing a saucer on top of a stick, on his nose.
Teenager playing guitar live in a rock band
One lady is looking at a blue box while the shorter lady is looking at something on her phone at the grocery store.
A roller derby match with an action shot of a derby girl in the foreground.
Two ladies in tank tops are singing into a microphone, they both have dark hair and one is white and the other African American.
Two scuba divers inspecting a large metal object in the water.
A man playing a guitar on stage under red light.
Multiple females sitting indian-style doing what appears to be textile work.
A woman in a blue shirt is speaking with two other women and a man, who is wearing glasses.
Two men are working computer DJ equipment in the dark.
A woman is driving a wheeled contraption with a pony on the front at a beachfront sidewalk.
A group of kids and young adults skateboarding on a ramp.
A group of tourist on a small boats with building around which is surrounded by waters.
A couple sitting together at a small circular table in an older looking rustic building.
Two boats with paddlers and passengers are in a river lined by buildings.
A man giving a presentation while wearing a brown striped suit.
A man wearing sunglasses and a hat is standing in a field of wildflowers, inspecting one of the flowers.
A explorer on a dirt trail looking at a flower.
An individual wearing a beanie and a blue coat stands hunched over suitcases of various items, including cameras and scissors, on the sidewalk.
Several men on the deck of a ship are lowering another man into the water.
A man sitting on the floor looks out a large window.
A man does a one handed handstand on a hardwood floor.
A man receives a piece of paper from a woman while shaking her hand, as a man wearing an "Ohio State Geography" shirt looks on.
Two men in karate gear using fighting sticks.
The man is excitedly holding up a fanned out deck of playing cards.
Someone is whisking eggs with a handheld mixer.
A man is using spray paint to paint a picture on a wall.
A man is balancing in a pose as a woman runs down the dock by him
A guy wearing a black attire is doing ballet in front of the pier where you can see a cruise ship.
The man in black is posing for a picture.
A man dressed in black on the beach sitting under a red umbrella.
Family and friends wait nearby while a group takes a swim at the indoor pool.
This man seems oblivious to the insects hitching a ride on him and his weapon.
A man dressed in gray laying on the floor in front of another person while reaching out his hand.
A person is flying through the air attached to a board with a parachute.
This is a woman brushing her teeth in the woods.
A biker doing a trick off of a ramp that reads "RONA" and "Cariboos Brewing".
People are in a laundry mat washing clothes.
A man wearing hot pink briefs is standing on an outdoor platform juggling in front of a crowd below.
Man wearing a helmet and driving a quad showing off for the camera.
Several bystanders are watching as a man does a wheelie on a yellow four wheel bike
One young man kicks another young man in front of a two story house.
This beautiful dancer is stretching in a studio, either warming up or cooling down.
A woman with a painted face is holding a fan in front of her face.
A baby is looking quite tired as she sits inside a luggage bag.
A female chef is showing off her carved fruits.
Old man cutting a piece of pipe to the correct shape.
A canteen truck for actors on location filming a period piece about the 1800's.
A worker in an orange vest and hard hat is on top of a yellow ladder working on a phone line, while other men work below.
A skimboarder performs a trick in the water.
A person stands in a boat labeled Texas Mooring in front of a red wall.
In front of a clothing shop a man lays bricks.
A small child perches himself of a rock on the shore of a pond with a dog close by.
A young blond boy plays with a dollhouse.
A woman is sitting by a desk crafting necklaces out of assorted beads by hand.
Isuzu truck driving by while a man with some cows drive the opposite way.
A small child is cycling away from a large bridge on a cloudy day.
A group of men sit along a blue wall next to two bike carrying baskets of fruit.
Three children play with a volleyball in shallow water while an adult in a red cap and neon green shirt observes.
A tattooed man in a tank top screams into a microphone.
A man and a woman on bikes are bicycling down a large highway in the trail lane, along with other bikers and joggers.
A little boy looking at some objects through a magnifying glass.
A woman in a orange shirt is hanging clothes on a clothesline outside.
A child stands in tall grass by a body of water.
Lady in gray top and white pants carrying soap in laundry mat.
The dog in the picture doesn't like blowing dryer.
Two men wearing traditional Scottish attire, hold bagpipes in their hands.
A man is juggling bottles that are on fire.
A tennis player, wearing a yellow shirt, jumps to hit the ball to the other player, who is wearing black.
A ballerina is dancing in a dark, rustic environment.
A shirtless man is rock climbing at a very steep angle.
A woman, standing behind a girl, helping the girl with an experiment.
Two women in white shirts stand by a sink, one with a bowl and one holding a pen.
Scientists watching liquid flow out of a beaker in a lab.
A man in a lab coat is doing some type of experiment in a lab.
Two joggers and two bicyclists vie for room on this city street.
A woman cashier standing in front of the cash register with some money in her hand.
A man in a fluorescent green shirt stands on a city sidewalk.
A very young boy is sitting on his preschool type bicycle under an outdoor table.
A man in the Navy is looking in something.
A young girl with dark hair bends over a piece of pottery that is on a table.
There is a girl creating art in this picture.
People are ordering fish at what looks to be an Asian seafood market.
A young man in a striped shirt with a gas mask on.
A laborer is using a hammer and chisel to make carvings into wood.
A man is working in a restaurant while a man washes dishes behind him.
A bald man in a white shirt kneels on a wooden platform and washes his head in a stream.
A group of people, ranging from kids to adults, who are prepping their equipment before going diving.
A man in a hat leans on a partially constructed wooden structure.
A harmonized moment in a colorful ballerina show.
A group of rollerskaters skate on a patch of cement with palm trees in the background.
A boy with a helmet mountain bikes through the woods.
A woman playing the violin with sunglasses on her head.
A man is rescuing another man from a boat.
Two men in police uniforms are talking.
Three people, two men and a woman playing dominoes on a little round wood table.
Asian people are dancing in the street with trees and buildings in the background, while wearing red, white, and green colored costumes with green headbands.
A group of Asian people in decorative dress smile, and walk happily in a parade.
A laboratory technician examines a blood sample using a high powered microscope.
A old man and young women dancing at a party.
Two police officers are sitting on motorcycles in the road.
A blond woman is playing the guitar on stage.
A cowboy tries not to fall off of the bucking cow, while spectators, a man on a horse, and a rodeo helper observe.
The rowdy bull spits as the men attempt to lasso it.
A man is cutting wood planks with a table saw while another man watches.
A man in an orange uniform poses in the middle of a street.
Band members march in a parade on a tree lined street.
Three hikers walking up a steep hill in a beautiful wooded area.
People are balancing on top of beams that are coming out of a John. F Hunt owned Genpac generator.
A group of people are hiking along a grassy area.
Two young girls sitting on a sidewalk coloring on it with chalk
Two people stand in the ocean and hold a net while the third person watches
A musician in the streets is wearing a pair of shorts and styling a mohawk.
Four people are rowing in a canoe on a calm peaceful lake.
A group of young people wearing bathing suits are standing on a cliff over the water, with one of them ready to jump in the water below.
A little girl and lady brushing her teeth.
A mother and two young children sit on a couch that is outside on the curb.
A man on a cellphone is getting his shoes shined by another man wearing a blue uniform.
A long-haired, shirtless man with face paint is playing a bass guitar at a concert.
An animal is attempting to cross the river.
A man in a green shirt carries a flag in the midst of a group of people.
The stadium is filled with spectators viewing a sporting event.
Lots of people at a swap meet in a parking lot.
A soccer game is being played.
A woman is bowling barefoot as 2 people in the background head toward the video games.
A little girl lies on a rug, coloring.
A crowd wearing orange cheering for their team in a stadium.
Five people walk across a sport field, one man is wearing a moose hat.
A man is wearing a blue and yellow racing uniform while holding a bottle
Young boy encounters other children, also riding bikes.
A game of Carcassonne is being played on a table while one guy considers his move.
The young girl happily plays in the tree.
Two boys, one in a white and the other in a brown shirt, play a video game while a third looks at a bag.
A man in a black shirt eating delicious food.
A civil war reenactment with cannon teams firing cannons.
A woman wearing a headscarf is working with her hands.
A boy at a skate park wearing a blue helmet inline skates on a small railing.
A football team is playing, the yellow team has the ball.
Two men, one dressed in official clothing, stand on a boat.
Very poor people in a foreign country playing a game to entertain themselves with what they have.
A crowd is assembled and cheering for an on stage performance.
A young woman wearing cycling attire turns backward
A woman with a tennis racket is bending down, with graffiti in the background.
A child wearing a pirates costume holds up a skull and crossbones sign.
A girl in a blue shirt sits in a salon chair getting her hair done by the stylist.
Child in red shirt waits in line along with many other people.
Football players dressed in yellow, blue, and white uniforms are playing against other players dressed in gold, and blue in a stadium.
Two girls competing in a motocross race talking at the starting line.
Three bicyclists wearing protective gear while racing down a steep man made slope.
A person riding a bike in the dirt.
A man with a black hat, a pair of glasses, and a long white beard sits next to a painting of himself.
A college student is looking at papers in a messy dorm room.
At a crowded baseball game, the hitter leans backwards gripping his bat as the ball lands in the catcher's mitt.
A female performer is barefoot and performing in front of a crowd.
A football player is calling a time out while his teammates prepare to play football.
A man holding a steel rod forges a fire.
A male and female wearing lab glasses are working with vials in a lab.
The goalie is fleeing the defender to try to get the ball to a teammate.
Two teams playing against each other, one red and one blue with two members squaring off.
A chemistry student is eyeballing the contents as it sits on a weight scale.
A young female student, wearing an owl t-shirt, works on an experiment by filling her test tubes.
A runner wearing purple strives for the finish line.
Two men are playing a sport similar to soccer, with one in red trying to pass the defender in blue.
Herds of bikers race by the spectators.
A man in a blue uniform jumps in the air to shoot a basketball.
Walking and talking and turning trees to mulch.
Two teenage females, floating on water while inside giant plastic balls.
A baseball pitcher is throwing a pitch.
Two men, one with the number 13 jersey and one with the number 24, are playing baseball.
A man playing guitar in front of a microphone.
A man is skateboarding in a park, and he is on a wall, and there are other skateboarders in the background.
A man unsafely standing on a ladder painting a wall.
A large group of people sitting on a pier overlooking a lake.
A man playing the guitar while smoking a cigarette.
A group of people on the ice and one sawing a hole in it.
Three children in the ocean next to a sailboat.
An older man wearing a turban sits on the ground while holding a large rock.
Man in a green shirt waving while walking.
Two men, one who is drinking a beer, are sitting, smiling at the camera.
A girl in a gray t-shirt is sitting in a chair.
There is a biker riding a bike in midair in an outdoor setting.
A woman in a pharmacy looks through a stack of papers.
A man is posing on a ski board with snow in the background.
Friends are showing off a new drink.
A happy older couple share a dance while a younger dancing woman looks on.
A man is posing next to stacks of cowboy hats.
A dancer wearing white shirt and shorts is photographed by a man also wearing white.
A child looking through a telescope on a playground.
A man is racing an unusual type of bike with many people watching him.
A man trying hard to finish a race
At the beach, a man is laying on his stomach and reading a book while a woman in a polka-dot bikini sunbathes.
Tourists observe a geographic landmark through viewfinders.
Two cyclists, in yellow, are competing in a race.
Two soccer players, one in red and the other in yellow, battle for a soccer ball.
A woman with green knee pads is skating inside a cement hole.
This male team is running down the dirt road with there canoe.
Two females, one in a dark blue shirt and the other in a white shirt, are playing lacrosse.
On a snowy day, a child in a red coat touches a dinosaur statue.
A Caucasian male performing a water board trick in a lake with trees in the background.
A woman with black hair and a weird outfit on.
A boy wearing blue short standing on the traffic signal pole.
Two older men are wearing outdoor clothing while using binocular devices.
A woman wearing a green headscarf laughs while a woman in the background paddles a boat.
A boy prepares to play some basketball while listening to his favorite music.
A woman in a black dress and hat rides a unicycle in front of a crowd.
A man giving a speech in front of a crowd.
An umpire and a catcher diligently wait for the batter's next missed ball.
A policeman hugging a woman on the street.
A group of older people playing a variety of instruments while sitting at a table.
Two men working together to carve ice sculpture.
A group of people, at the beach, on a sunny day.
A cricket player winds up to pitch the ball.
A man in jean overalls holds onto the leads of a horse hooked onto a pulling system with another horse.
A bearded man talks on the phone while looking content.
Singer Avril Lavigne is crouched on one knee, holding a microphone.
A crowd of bicyclists rides down a street, with onlookers on either side.
A football team in maroon jerseys takes the field while cheerleaders cheer them on.
Players at football game gather around referee in preparation for action.
Two cyclists competing in a road race being urged on by the crowd lining the racecourse.
A man is playing Frisbee in the park.
The woman is holding a grocery bag as several children look into it.
Two competitive cyclists ride through a corridor.
A man on the street making a painting from a photo.
Two men working in a bicycle shop.
The worker concentrates on his task as a gardener as he trims the hedges with care.
A cook works hard as he takes food out of the oven.
A woman is playing for the USA volleyball team, spiking the ball over the net.
Young men are watching a woman walk down stairs.
Four men playing golf on the putting green of a hole on a sunny day.
Brightly colored kayaks carrying two people each are paddled down a tree lined river.
A man wearing a bathing cap and goggles is swimming in a river.
A man shooting a bow and arrow at a target.
Colorful yellow seats with a sparse crowd line up behind four soccer players trying to go after a ball.
Fast bicycle race in a foreign country.
A motocross racer in green rounds a corner and stirs up dirt for the crowd.
Bikers compete in a long winded endurance test.
A bicycle rider in a race being followed by a police officer on a motorcycle.
A woman singing into a microphone.
A man in a blue hat and an apron carving wooden figurines.
A blue restaurant that sits in the water.
1 man singing and 1 man playing a saxophone in a concert.
A surfer in midair on his board in the ocean.
A professional soccer player in light blue is challenging another soccer player in blue and red stripes for the ball.
Five ladies dressed in vibrant colors having fun dancing.
A bike rider, in full protective gear, is suspended in midair above a field of dirt and grass.
A woman with long hair walking through a meadow
A group of people on a green field are jumping up and down.
Dirty blond man with tattoos is playing a guitar.
A volleyball game where to two boys that are in trying for the ball, for their team.
A group of guys set together having a good time while enjoying a drink.
A biker in a white helmet is riding on top of some sand by a fence.
A baseball player, with the catcher and umpire shown behind him, is about to hit the ball.
New York Yankee's baseball player hitting a baseball a home plate.
People gather at a vintage ice cream truck to receive traditional ice cream.
A young female african american child sitting on a swing with both arms holding the chains on the swing.
Two girls hugging in front of a giant American flag.
The bicyclists approached the left turn in a pack during the race.
A blond volleyball player reaches up to hit the ball.
Several soccer players stand by in a brown, grassy, rural field with a building in the background.
One man kite surfing in the ocean.
A girls volleyball game in which one team is wearing predominantly white shirts and the other is wearing green shirts.
A female hitting a volleyball with two hands.
Two volleyball players against the net trying to block a shot from the other team.
A female volleyball player sets the ball.
A group of teenage boys in yellow and blue football uniforms are being sprayed with water.
A street worker wearing bright orange safety gear picks up trash along the street.
A white-clad soccer player is attempting to intercept a soccer ball that is quickly approaching the goal box.
A man running down a crowd lined street in a marathon.
A grand master and students in a martial arts class bow towards each other in a gesture of respect for each other and the sacred art.
Marathon runner Izabella running while being followed by a crowd of people in costumes.
A scene from a competitive marathon, including several participants, down a crowd-lined city street.
A man drives a vintage race car around the track.
A woman in a hairnet looks at a sample under a microscope.
A young boy in a gown mixing paint with odd colored pants.
Members of the Baltimore Orioles celebrating after a win.
Four football players walk across a field holding their helmets above their head.
A man putting on some shorts in a room with some other people.
High school football player scooping up a fumble.
A person riding a surfboard on a big wave.
A group of young men are playing basketball outdoors.
Bearded black dressed male performer is displaying his skill by swinging a fire line in each hand in arcs.
Yellow uniformed football players watching their teammate kick off.
Two football teams, one in yellow and white, the other in blue and white, play football.
A man in a yellow shirt is running in a race.
Children, some in red and some in neon yellow, are playing soccer.
A hockey player attempting to score a goal
A group of girls in blue and white uniforms are in a circle and raising their hands.
Veteran rocker is performing a tribute in the deadly hot sun.
One young man is holding a hammer above a scared young man while another watches.
Two soccer players, one wearing red and one wearing blue, playing soccer against each other.
It looks as though the player in burgundy just kicked the soccer ball over #5's head.
A runner is caught running in the middle of a race.
A little kid with food all over her face in a highchair.
At the crowded outdoor venue, a singer gestures to the fans.
Four men are playing soccer, two in white jerseys, one in a red jersey and a goalie in the background.
Three quarterbacks warming up before the game.
Two young stylish people walk enthusiastically down a city street at night.
A BMX cyclist is doing a stunt on a riverbank across the river from a factory.
A black lady in traditional dress with a basket balanced on her head walking down a beach crowded with sunbathers.
Hockey goalie in red jersey ready to block a shot.
The football player in brown is running with the ball from the players in white.
Four children in a fake egg having fun.
A man is riding a motorbike and is being watched by a crowd.
A man is performing a trick on a water board.
A woman dressed in a gray shirt playing a horse racing game.
Children and adults rollers skate in a skate park.
A man in a denim jacket and sandals fixing his bicycle.
Two men are practicing dance moves while a lady takes a photo.
Two young girls write with chalk near a body of water.
This is a young guy reaching for a falcon on a perch.
An Asian man wearing silver armor over tan clothes underneath, holding a weapon aloft in his right hand mounted on a horse which is also adorned with silver armor.
Repairing the roof of a school on the coastline.
A little girl smiles as she wears a white bowl on the top of her head.
A man with his hats put on sideways is using a microphone.
A man wearing a wife-beater sings into a microphone as a blue light shines on him.
A number of men ride elephants through a muddy river.
A man in a blue jersey is crossing home plate at a baseball game.
People are watching a jockey ride a horse.
A horse and jockey dash across a river with a bridge full of observers in the background.
A woman is on horseback, jumping over a wall made of twigs and metal.
A roller-skating woman in red and black socks and a black shirt is elbowing another skater out of her way.
Band plays on stage with Weezer symbol in the background.
A woman slowly designs a bowl with her hands with a clay spinner.
A cameraman is filming another man in a green shirt on a beach.
A woman wearing a brown shirt looks through a microscope while others are standing next to her.
A young woman looks into a microscope.
A person of Asian descent is wearing a blue and black warrior-like outfit, and people are in the background.
Two people taking pictures and looking at a beautiful scene by the water.
Two police officers stand on the sidewalk as the occupant of the car looks at them.
Man sitting atop oil rig on machine working.
Three people are riding longboards down a hill in full leather suits and helmets.
A group of people are on a work boat that is in the water.
A group of seven individuals wearing rafting gear, white water raft down a river.
Women on a swing ride at an amusement park.
A woman is playing the violin and singing at the same time while sitting in a chair.
A little girl is brushing her teeth.
Several men climbing a pole as a crowd watches them.
Two secretaries are conversing at the front desk in a hotel.
A young boy chases a soccer ball that is in bouncing away from him.
A defensive football player attempts tackling an offensive football player holding a football.
A man in a gray shirt adds grout to tile.
A skateboarder does a trick at a skate park.
A man wave surfing high in the air, out in the ocean.
A runner hurdles over an obstacle.
A track and field athlete running on a red track in an urban city with many spectators watching.
An athlete is jumping over a hurdle.
A male biker jumping a ramp in a contest or crossing the finish line.
Three men are working on a bicycle, which has been positioned upside down.
A person, crouching on a surfboard, is surfing in a body of water.
A man wearing a blue uniform working on mechanics.
A dark-haired boy wearing a green t-shirt plays in a water fountain while two other people watch him.
Several workers standing on and around a ladder.
Three men wearing hard hats and safety gear are on a boat and a bridge is in the background.
Children in a classroom with stuffed animals.
2 people engaged in samurai style combat in a gymnasium.
A man enjoying the day by the water, waiting to give out balloons.
A woman in a black shirt sits in front of a very large piece of art in a huge room.
A mountain biker hops over an obstacle.
A man is standing up and spinning a piece of pottery on his pottery wheel.
A man in black is standing outside a museum and pointing to it.
A referee raises the hand of a wrestler wearing green while a wrestler wearing blue looks on.
Two girls in bikinis playing a volleyball on the beach
A small green car with the number 63 on the door races on a track.
Two men in protective gear are sawing through metal.
Military men in white uniforms are standing side by side.
An official consults with a competitor at a martial arts event.
In this picture, two girls are doing karate.
Little boy in jeans, red striped shirt and sneakers, sitting on tree branch.
A woman in a black shirt and khaki pants sits on the floor pulling on brown high-heeled boots over pink and red socks with hearts on them.
An old man is sewing clothing on a sidewalk.
A man dressed in a long-sleeved, button up blue shirt, and a black and silver baseball cap is holding a phone to his ear.
A racer celebrates his victory by holding is trophy and being showered by champagne.
A dog jumping high into the air in the country.
Orange motorcycle racing around a bend in a racetrack.
A person places uncooked hamburger patties on a charcoal grill.
A man with glasses holding a statue's tail.
A crowd cheering and passing streamers in a stadium while a blue flag waves.
Two women dressed in black are leaning backwards on tables of white.
During a rugby match, players from both sides race for the loose ball as teammates look on.
A guy with a black helmet, riding a mountain bike.
A man attempts to ski on the one last patch of snow left on the hill.
Two people are wearing helmets and sunglasses on a sunny day.
A little boy is climbing on the monkey bars at a playground.
A man stands in a church while people around him watch.
A man climbing a cliff with a forest in the background.
A mother helps her daughter dress for a special occasion
Three people on bikes on a dirty hill, one is in the air.
Two boys jumping and getting air over a ravine with mountain bikes.
Two men are sitting on a white couch in a white room using separate laptops.
Two cars involved in racing are running very close.
Soccer players on a field with a ball going into the net.
A man riding a skateboard up an inclined ramp.
A man in a beige suit is sitting at a wooden table with five children and drawing pictures.
Two people competing in a fencing competition.
An elderly man with a beard in a dark suit is walking through a rainy city.
A woman with short blond-hair is trying to fix her hair
A baby is chewing on his fingers while wearing a blue striped outfit.
Local electric worker stringing up some wiring.
A young blond-haired man laughs as he takes off his shirt in a public setting as spectators look on.
A woman is using a cheese grater.
Two men standing on a medium sized fishing boat in the ocean, as the sun sets behind them.
Five children are on a soccer court headed towards the goal.
A man in a yellow jumpsuit is standing on a podium accepting a trophy next to a man in a red and with jumpsuit.
A brightly dressed child is walking in a lake.
Young punk rock guitarist, wearing a red lined jacket with a badge, is in front of foggy blue and purple lighting.
A man making balloon and enjoy.
A young man blew up balloons to craft into animals for the seven excited children that looked on.
An elderly woman is using a spinning wheel to create fabric.
A man is taking on the role of dealer and is sitting at a card table.
Little girl wearing a purple hat sitting under a shopping cart in a grocery store.
Five young children are engaged in a game of soccer.
Two people are on a boat in water.
A man riding a bicycle in a field.
A man is walking across a soccer field dressed in red and white.
Television cameras set up to record an even at a theater.
A baby is getting his teeth brushed.
Two men dressed in Red Bull merchandise are celebrating by opening drinks together at an event.
A man and woman holding hands in front of a lake.
A person wearing a wetsuit rides a jet ski into a wave.
Three guys in red uniforms celebrating a goal in a soccer game.
A man in a red helmet rollerblades near the beach with two dogs on a leash.
A man operating a jet-ski does a flip in the water, and is seen upside down.
A person, in a kitchen, is holding an egg on top of a bowl with rice in it.
Four young boys playing soccer and chasing a white and red soccer ball.
A man and a woman smiling while watching someone prepare creme brulee dessert in front of them.
A person in SCUBA gear poses in front of a vast expanse of water.
A blond girl wearing a black and white boa poses for the camera at a very crowded venue.
A boy is leaning against a brick wall near some trees.
A man riding a red and white bike on sunny day.
An older man is tending to a garden.
A scientist in a lab coat is using a microscope.
A group of girls stand in a football field and pose for the camera.
A man dressed in a black and gold over coat rides a black and white horse.
Some football players on the sidelines watching their fellow a teammates start a play.
A football player prepares to toss the football as the rest of his team watches.
RollerSkaters battle it out on the concrete.
Two teams of men, one team in blue and the other in camouflage uniform are skating.
Two people are competing in a motorcycle race.
An elderly gentleman attempting repairs on an inverted bicycle next too a silver vehicle.
A girl's volleyball team is having a game.
The pretty lady in white is ballet dancing in front of a large, beautiful fountain.
Young female volleyball team stand on the sidelines to prepare.
Beautiful dancer in a red skirt and she is striking a pose with her legs in the air.
Three children writing intently in a classroom.
Two women sitting on a black sofa with clothes and a purse in between them.
A couple standing in the outdoors embracing and looking over the land.
A few people are in a classroom standing in the back of the room while one sits at a desk.
Two women admire the suspension bridge from the side.
A football player is attempting to tackle a player on the opposing team who is running with the ball.
2 young boys in peewee football game
A young red-haired woman uses a scope to scout out shooting targets on a gun range.
An Ohio State team mascot performs on the field.
Two toddlers a boy and girl are coloring at the table with their crayola crayons and some paper.
A sailing boat with many people sails on water.
A man in a green jersey and rollerskates stumbles as a man in a black jersey appears to collide with him.
Two young children dressed as Spider Man are going down a slide.
A female swimmer coming up for air as she does the butterfly stroke.
A group of female swimmers dive into a swimming pool.
Photojournalist on a motorcycle, following marathon runners, one wearing a green shirt and shoes, the other fluorescent orange with blue shoes.
A very fit woman runs with foliage in the background.
A performer is jumping off the stage into a crowd of fans.
Two people, a man and a woman, are sitting outside.
A lady in a red shirt with red-hair laugh while throwing a pillow over her left shoulder.
A young man in s green and white striped shirt playing roller hockey.
A man in orange and white rides his mountain bike through a forest.
A red squirrel on a tree branch with yellow leaves in the background.
A child looks through a microscope while and adult stands at the edge of a table.
A couple, wearing black, burgundy, and white, dance.
A military surgical team, one in camouflage, is performing an operation in a field hospital.
Two teams, one wearing black uniforms and one wearing blue striped uniforms are running down a sports field.
A little boy with brown hair and a sweater is smiling mischievously by some flowers and plants.
A woman wearing a blue skirt is on a walkway looking at a body of water.
A football ceremony in a crowded stadium with the team preparing to bow and take pictures.
Two athletes are fencing at a fencing competition.
Two men battling each other in fencing.
Two people fence and one loses his shoe.
A man wearing brown pants and a striped t-shirt juggling 3 white pins.
A male lab worker with glasses is examining something using a microscope.
A water polo event takes place with a yellow ball in a swimming pool.
A boy wearing safety glasses uses a soldering iron on a piece of electronics.
A person on a bicycle is riding on a dirt road in the woods.
A male snowboarder catches some air and does a trick.
A child is playing on the beach splashing water everywhere.
A woman is at a gym exercising on a treadmill.
A man lifts up a woman in a pink dress during a dance at a performance.
A photographer capturing a skateboarder mid trick.
A young boy with blue hair and large blue eyes brushes his teeth
A group of people stand on a moving sidewalk.
Ready and set as two hockey players on the ice wait with sticks out in front of them, anticipating the puck.
Crowds seem to appreciate the effort of the boys on stage.
A pitcher just got done throwing the ball towards the batter on a baseball field.
A baseball pitcher throws a ball.
Two men posing for a picture while getting ready to have a drink.
A baseball player is throwing a pitch from the mound.
A black, red, and white race car zooms by on a gray track with a blue border, sharply in focus compared to a blurred crowd in the foreground.
People are eating at a restaurant, some are eating while others are ordering.
A woman and a young man laughing in a bedroom.
A kerchief-wearing man is sweeping debris at an event.
A boys soccer game is taking place, and one boy in a white jersey is kicking the ball.
A man is blowing into a long pipe
There are two kilted men, one of them older and is holding bagpipes with the other one with a drum.
A group of men wearing kilts throwing a long wooden stick.
A man in a black shirt and green plaid kilt throws a long wooden spear, as several men spectate from the sidelines.
A woman in oriental clothes poses on a green mat.
Several men cycling down a hallway in an event on a sunny day.
People riding their bikes in a race.
A race car zips by on the racetrack.
A bicyclist is pushing hard to complete a race.
Two swimmers in the water, each in his own lane, gathering a breath mid-stroke.
A man sweeping the stairs down from his house.
Adolescent white man with black hair, black pants, and a white and black polka-dotted shirt holding and singing into a microphone.
A gymnast is wearing a leotard and doing a handstand.
A tennis player is hitting a tennis ball with all his might.
Marathon runner focused on the run.
A group of women are running in a competition.
A white, male, professional biker riding on the countryside.
A woman sitting on a piece of cloth surrounded by dirt and is working on a piece of cloth
Three male friends in shorts stand together having a conversation.
A performance is being put on by many girls in white.
A marathon runner jogs past pedestrians and portable toilets.
A young adult reads a book at the laundromat as he waits for his laundry to be done.
Kenyan female running in a marathon.
A male wearing a hat is skateboarding in front of a graffiti covered wall.
Several women running in a race, while the crowd looks on.
The Houston Texans quarterback holds a football against the Minnesota Vikings while his running back moves towards the ball.
Two soccer referees wait on benches with trees in the background.
A football coach wearing a white shirt and black visor has his arm around one of his players on the sidelines.
Two players face each other during a nighttime football game.
A man in a blue swimsuit jumps from a cliff into the water while another man watches.
The young child sits upon the rocks at the park.
Two men boxing in a boxing match in a ring one has red shorts the other one has white shorts both in fighting stanza.
The red team chases the ball during the girls' soccer game.
Woman in blue shorts and white shirt kicking a soccer ball.
A couple are kissing while someone takes a photo of them.
A woman in a green shirt holding a cigarette spreads her arms apart in a gesture.
The three field hockey players dressed in orange make for the ball.
A man in a cap kneels down and bends forward to examine a chainsaw.
Group of ballerinas in white tutus get ready to dance
Aggressive actions are happening by the goal in this hockey game.
Two people are playing water volleyball and one teammate is bracing another.
In the kitchen of a fancy restaurant, a fine dish has been prepared by the staff.
A woman selling food items by the roadside.
Two women competing in martial arts event at a gym.
Two boys in karate uniforms are sparring on a padded mat.
A woman is wearing a red see through fabric over her head.
Several people walking down the sidewalk carrying stuff to their next destination.
A girl wearing blue pants and a shirt with a hood is seen flying up above nearly two feet from the ground holding a glass which she has removed from the dishwasher.
A woman with bucket cleaning a public seating area.
A boy throws an object in front of a glass building.
A man in a kayak resting on top of a diving board.
A young man in his boxers making a funny face and putting his jeans on.
An older man is skydiving.
Two men playing hockey, with one on the ground and the other spraying him with ice.
Mr. Soccer player of the green team attempts a shot.
A man wearing blue, holding two fishing poles with one pointing upward and the other one in the water with fish being caught.
A woman is jumping in the air on a tree-lined trail on an autumn day.
Three men playing football where one guy wearing a red uniform is holding the football, the second guy wearing a red uniform and the third guy wearing a white uniform.
A Texas A&amp;M football player running with the ball.
There is a group of nine young women wearing long black dresses holding folders, standing on metal bleachers and singing in front of a group of people.
These two men are going for the ball at a soccer match.
One man in a dress dances as another man stands by a ladder and faces the other way.
Texas A&amp;M's Ryan Tannehill is nearly sacked by an Iowa State player.
A cross guard helps people get across the street.
A husky women with a red hat, directs traffic.
A man in blue with his mouth open beside a medical apparatus.
An old man, sweating, holds his face in his hand.
A few men running a marathon with a crowd cheering them on.
A woman on a bike racing.
A middle-aged man is appalled as someone wants him to try a skewer with some odd fish on it.
A man is working out in the outdoors.
A football team's player in the blue and gold uniform is running down the 30 yard line towards the end zone.
A man dressed all in pink rides a bicycle in a race.
A woman wearing white pulls blocks of cheese off of a conveyor.
The man in a red shirt is being lifted by his teammates.
A Caucasian boy in yellow and African-American girl in purple are by orange lockers.
Several men in green and red uniforms are playing soccer.
One woman is riding a bicycle in the foreground with other bicyclists in the background.
Man is determined to bike his way to the finish!
The University of Iowa's Hawkeyes football team, scores a goal in the end zone against the Michigan State Spartans.
A very cute ring bearer is reluctantly being kissed by the flower girl.
A black girl in a purple jacket is looking at a book, as she sits on a colorful chair.
Two soccer players fall to the ground near the ball.
A black and white dog jumping out of the water and a brown dog shaking off.
A man, walking his pomeranian, is giving a biker directions.
A dinner party is occurring with numerous people who are all wearing crowns and eating food at a candle lit dining room.
A pro cyclist in blue, yellow and white biking clothes.
Two females are in a chemistry classroom; one is pouring a solution into a beaker.
Hopefully when I mix these I 'll still have eyebrows.
A group of young high school or college students are smiling while performing a science experiment involving beakers and the transfer of liquids
A scientist really deep into his experiment.
A large woman with a pink feather boa strolls down the sidewalk.
A man is climbing a boulder over a body of water.
Shirtless young man rock climbing up the face of cliff looking for the next handhold.
A man is carrying many large bags that are hooked onto a pole.
A male runner in an orange and white t-shirt and black shorts is sprinting down the track.
A young man being awarded a medal and it being hung around his neck.
A person in a rainbow colored snowsuit is snowboarding down a snowy slope.
A man singing and playing acoustic guitar in a public area.
Three cricket players are in action on a very green field with palm trees in the background.
Two men in black celebrating on a tennis court opposite two men in white.
A young women sits in front of her computer and tries to study the fine print on a paper with the aid of a doctor's spotlight attached to her head.
Teacher in front of class reading a book aloud to elementary school children.
Three people stand with fishing poles on the rocks near the water.
A man wearing jersey number 39 is playing hockey.
A group of people taking pictures on a walkway in front of a large body of water.
A runner splashes through a big puddle in the forest.
Two men sit on top of a weathered fort-like structure next to the sea, fishing.
A boy is playing soccer on a playground.
A guy without a shirt on climbing up the side of a rock.
Two men are trying to align their telescope that is positioned in a field.
A young Asian boy, wearing pajamas, is seated on the floor by the bed watching an insect made of Legos.
An event takes place at a Japanese temple.
A basketball player hangs from a basketball hoop by his feet, laughing and talking to a referee in front of a crowd.
A man waterskiing and being splashed by the water.
This man in the kayak is think this kayak is way too small for him.
Workers moving bricks from a white and green truck.
A small brick alley with a man walking at the end
A shirtless man lies on the street.
A female swimmer with goggles and a cap does the backstroke.
Aaron Rodgers smiles at Donald Driver standing in the end zone.
A man dressed in athletic gear and sunglasses sits in a boat, paddling with a large oar.
A young man in the street doing a skateboard trick.
A smiling girl is wearing a Speedo swimming suit, goggles and cap with her hands on her forehead.
Four ladies and one man practicing music in a living room.
A blond headed lady is walking in front of a group of three people.
A blond tennis player in action on a grass court.
Two people are working at a coffee shop
A woman is reading a newspaper on the subway.
A person is catching a wave on a surfboard in the ocean on a clear sunny day.
Two boys play with large sticks in the yard.
A man walking on boards while holding onto a large ladder leaning against a house.
A man is trying to grab his ladder standing on scaffolding.
Latino man holding sign on the sidewalk outside promoting Quiznos-Subs.
A male and female team of rollerskaters are in costume and performing in a competition.
A man reads the paper on a deck under some trees.
A cyclist on a neon yellow bike is airborne.
A dirt-bike racer taking a hard turn on a dirt course with one onlooker in the background.
A man is riding a tiny motorcycle through a busy market.
A man wearing yellow smiles to the camera as he poses with a turkey coming out of the oven.
Panel representatives sitting on a stage in an auditorium.
A group of people in yellow and black uniforms performing in front of a large crowd.
A demonstration in the middle of a crowded airport.
A little girl in a white sundress smiles and slides down a blue slide.
A man and a dog are playing tug-of-war.
Four young boys line up at the starting line to run a race
A group of female athletes are huddled together and excited.
A woman feeds cake to an elderly man at a wedding celebration.
A late night food stand takes the customers order.
Girl in the kitchen mixing batter in a bowl for waffles.
A man skateboarding in the street with his arms raised.
An male in a white t-shirt and denim shorts skateboarding down a path.
A woman with a red shirt and goggles on operates an orange drill.
A mountain bike racer on a dirt road during a race
This man is working with an I-pad.
A brown dog and a white dog are running across a stony hillock.
Three young men are playing soccer in the beach wearing shorts and beach attire while some people watch
One blue team and one white team are competing to win a sports game.
Man in black shirt and brown-haired woman sniffing contents of bottle.
A group of people are standing around eating as a man in a white jacket points his finger.
A group of people playing music in public on unique instruments.
A basketball player prepares to throw the ball in a game at the school gym.
A person wearing a pink shirt, riding a bike on a dirt trail.
Three mariachi band members play in a grass yard.
A construction worker helps align the cement plate on the road.
A little brown-haired girl up in a tree.
A person on a bicycle jumping over a dirt hill.
A young boy on rollerskates jumps over a blue barrel.
The children with Santa hats are happily dancing around the Christmas tree.
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail in a snowy, mountainous area.
Three people, two men and one woman are riding in a boat.
A driver in racing gear and a helmet is driving a sleek, blue motorcycle.
A man on a yellow and green surfboard near shore.
A man hammering a nail on a piece of wood in bare feet.
Two researchers are looking into a microscope surrounded by complex machinery.
A man with long curly hair grimacing as a man uses a clipper on his beard.
Men brushing ice to move the weight to the target.
A group of divers rescue a man in the water.
Two individuals enjoying a practice of an unidentified sliding game.
Three people on a hockey ring playing some form of game.
A man with a yellow-green jersey kicking a soccer ball.
A group of young men dressed in purple are preparing to catch a fellow teammate.
A pitcher standing at the mound is making a throw.
A man, in mid-swing, playing cricket wearing a complete cricket uniform at a sports club.
A little girl is helped with her toys.
A person in a Santa outfit is greeting children outside a building while the parents watch on.
Two seniors and a woman set a table.
A light-blue shirted athlete gets ready to receive the pass in the midst of his gray shirted opponents.
A woman is running a marathon in a park.
A man is riding a BMX bike with a forest in the background.
A biker is riding a bike in the forest.
While playing soccer, a man in yellow starts to fall, while a man in white trips over him, stepping on his ankle in the process.
Man posing for a picture with his girlfriend.
A basketball player dressed in white watches his opponent, who is dressed in black, dribble a basketball down the court during a game with spectators.
A person rollerskating while wearing knee-pads, helmet, and wrist-guards.
A girl with a number 3 on her shirt is walking across a gymnasium floor.
Two young people engage in a friendly snowball fight.
A man is lying down next to a river and smoking a cigarette.
The man dressed in running clothes walks along the street.
Boat on the waters of Vienna being rowed by men wearing striped shirts.
A man sleeps outside using his bookbag as a pillow.
A man wearing a white shirt and blue shorts is leaning over a canoe at the end of a dock.
A group of people standing over a table.
A younger couple sitting closely to one another while enjoying a 3d flick.
Commentators and broadcasters at there both in an arena before the game.
Penn State basketball player, number 11 shoot for the basket with ball just leaving his fingertips.
A person with short blond-hair and glasses looks confused, while standing in front of many portraits.
Two teams of men are playing basketball on a court in an empty stadium.
5 basketball players trying to get the ball.
Basketball players playing in front of a small audience
A woman and child are sitting on a log washing clothes.
A young boy is sitting on a beach filling a water bottle with sand.
Two children play Jenga on a wooden floor.
One man is performing a martial arts move on another man in a gymnasium.
A quarterback passes a football during an NFL game.
Skateboarder jumps off a 5 ft cliff, performing a stunt.
A biker is fixing his tire on a sunny day
Two women with black dresses and red tops are standing next to a fence smiling.
Two ladies, seen from behind, one looking through a coin-operated telescope
Spectators sit in the audience at a hockey game while a photographer takes pictures from a box in between the opposing teams.
Performers in bright costumes and masks stand before an Asian crowd.
An individual in black and white clothing and a mask is in the foreground of a group of children.
A lonely man sits in a harbor playing the accordion.
A young girl, wearing her team uniform, is preparing to hit a ball, as another girl watches.
A man actively surfing a wave.
A surfer in a wetsuit catches a nice wave to ride.
A man snowboarding down a hill.
A male riding a blue jet ski is airborne after going over a wave in the ocean.
Two black and white dogs are playing together outside.
Two very young children, with paint marks on them, paint a very Red and Yellow canvas.
A man riding a black snowboard jumps as people in the background look on.
A man in a green shirt and black shorts has jumped into the air and is about to throw a red and white ball.
Two young men in a martial arts ring participate for a crowd.
An Asian kickboxer is in the middle of kicking his opponent in the ring at a Mohegan Sun casino.
Five photographers take pictures while one works on their equipment.
A young snowboarder catches some air on his black snowboard.
A group of men playing an outdoor sport.
A gymnast is balancing between two rails using one arm and his legs are in the air.
Two men, one dressed in blue shirt and pants and one dressed in purple shirt and black pants are creating pottery.
A young woman playing guitar and singing on a stage.
A surfer in a wetsuit rides a wave.
A woman dressed in black and a man dressed in white are pushing a garbage can.
A male standing in the mountains holding a gun.
An Asian man in a jacket, glasses, and sandals is at a high altitude aiming a gun.
A girl with brown hair setting up a light for a show.
A young girl wearing a bathing suit and goggles sits and waits.
Three men conversing on a bench in a museum.
A man and a woman are standing next to sculptures, talking while another man looks at other sculptures.
A football player wearing black attempts to tackle a football player wearing white.
An old gentleman plays music on the street for money with a young boy by his side.
Four workmen in hard hats stand together at a work site.
Three girls jump into the air with expressions of excitement.
Two women stand in a kitchen and wipe down trays
There are four kids practicing what appears to be karate.
A guy holding his laundry against the wall, while talking on his cellphone.
Two soccer teams on a field one team dressed in blue an white the other dressed in white and blue.
Two guys are having a lunch of sandwiches and chips.
Man with green hat and white shirt having tea with a man wearing a black hooded jacket and glasses.
A man in a hat and an apron works on a bicycle.
A young girl in her swimsuit is getting ready to compete.
A rider stands for a moment above his dirk bike.
A man lays in the snow while a girl stands next to him.
A young man dunks a basketball.
An african american carving images into a plank of wood.
5 children japanese with bows practicing in front of sensei.
A group of Caucasian people are singing and holding music books to help guide them.
Indian women playing musical chairs with white woman.
Two male musicians on stage, wearing t-shirts and one is playing the guitar, the other is singing.
An orchestra is playing at an outdoor venue.
A bunch of kids in a classroom not doing any work.
The group of people are assembling for a wedding.
A woman kissing the cheek of a young boy in a black sleeveless t-shirt.
A young lady smiling in a pool.
The intensity of a moment during an ice hockey game.
Two men are playing professional hockey
A woman wearing a bikini swims underwater.
A young boy eating chocolate ice cream with a spoon.
Children in a classroom are lined up with their hands on each other's backs, forming a train.
A smiling woman in red pops the cork of a bottle with a boy looking on.
A little girl is on a playground swing while a redheaded man in a green sweatshirt stands by.
A woman wearing a white blouse is getting a portrait done of her.
A girl is pointing to a spot on a map in a park.
A girl in a bathing suit, swim cap and goggles.
A family looking out a window watching crowds of people holding umbrellas in the daylight.
Two men perform music on the street in front of a brick building.
A man with braided hair and a beard is standing in front of a building and is talking or singing into a microphone.
A church choir is performing a Christmas carol while a projector in the background displays the lyrics.
A volleyball game and a man in yellow and blue uniform spiked the ball over the net past three defenders in red uniforms.
Two young men are running through the grass in the fall.
A little girl cuddles a kitten while she looks at Christmas presents and an older woman looks on.
A person wearing a blue shirt and khaki pants climbing in a tree.
Looking through the window of an Asian barber shop while a few customers have their haircut.
A handball player prepares to throw in a sea of defenders.
One man in a red sweatshirt skateboarding while a man in a blue sweatshirt films him.
Shoppers look for Christmas gifts at Harrod's department store.
A woman in a black swimming suit is holding onto the edge of a in ground pool.
A woman in a bathing suit exits a pool.
Four women sitting on green outdoor furniture on a patio with a small doghouse in the backdrop.
A crowd of young people sit on the grass.
Adults and children are enjoying the pool, some are in the pool and some are sitting around the pool in lounge chairs.
Group of men begin a foot race.
An older male is playing a guitar on a wheelchair in a city street.
Two cops are sitting on an obnoxiously yellow motorcycle
A man and a woman dressed in semi-formal attire show faces of excitement looking over a table with Jenga blocks scattered over it.
A soccer group in green and white dress having a group picture taken.
As a goalie in a yellow jersey looks up in the distance, a player from the opposing team in a green jersey on his hands and knees has his face in the grass.
Two musicians are playing music in a barn.
A child in a city square staring out a few large floating bubbles.
Female visitor reading map describing the waterway standing before her.
A black-haired woman is using her makeup brush on another woman while holding her pinky up.
A bride holds her bouquet and gazes back at the crowd.
A bride holding a bouquet of flowers is standing next to a man in a tuxedo.
A bride gets out of her car in her white wedding dress.
A BMX bike rider in red clothing and a helmet is riding his bike next to a wooden fence.
A band plays while the audience watches them on stage.
A young girl in blue pants and a multicolored striped shirt is jumping in midair.
A teacher and her assistant are helping a group of toddlers with singing or exercising.
There are two kids dressed in their white karate suits, standing looking at something or someone.
Four people stand in the water looking at a jet ski, while a man fishes nearby.
A person on a bike covered in mud from head to toe.
A skier goes down a slope.
A smiling baby is sitting in a white baby bouncer surrounded by toys.
A trio of musicians playing in a bar.
The boy in gray is taking pictures of his friend in the striped sweatshirt doing tricks on his skateboard.
A young man performs a skateboard trick over some stairs.
A man in a blue shirt fixing a bicycle in a yellow room.
A dog jumps to catch a red ball outside.
A black and brown dog with a red ball overhead plays in the grass.
A small dog tries to catch a red ball.
Two muddy athletes from opposing teams going head to head in a game of rugby while fans watch expectantly.
Two people Kayaking on the huge open water.
A child wearing a straw hat with a blue band drinking out of a pink cup.
On the corner you will find a lady sitting on her bags spraying the crown with water as they walk by.
A young woman jumps as high as she can to prove a point to her friends.
A child in a red coat in a snow fort.
A small dog is running behind a red ball thrown towards bushes.
The man is giving the other man a haircut
A man in a black sweater and red shirt plays the trumpet by a tree.
A young man is performing a jump on a skateboard while another young man photographs his stunt.
A man is standing center stage with a microphone as flames shoot upward behind him.
Two hockey players are fighting over a goal using their pucks on ice ground.
A man in a hard hat is working near a dumpster.
A man in a dark blue car drives past some storage trailers.
A middle-aged male carpenter uses a drill press in a crowded workshop.
A older man inside a workshop wearing glasses.
A happy Asian family poses for a holiday picture in front of the fireplace.
There are three children in sports uniforms on a soccer field.
Competing girls volleyball players attempt to control the ball in midair.
A man is standing in a field with a green plant in it.
A man stands outside by himself beside some old buildings and a brick street.
Men dressed in red and white playing musical instruments.
A group of people wearing blue and white dishdashas all riding orange bicycles.
A person playing with a rock next to some dirty water.
Someone dressed as Santa, Mrs. Claus, and two other people are riding in Santa's sleigh, pulled by a horse, through a snow covered city.
Guy in jeans skateboarding in the middle of the night a warehouse.
Two people go parasailing on the ocean with a beautiful scenic view in the background.
Person parasailing with a board in the ocean.
Three men wearing white shirts are skateboarding on a road while a man and a woman take pictures from either side of the road.
A DJ with sunglasses and a red shirt plays music.
An older man sits and looks at his computer screen with his face in his hands.
Man on snowmobile launching up into the air.
Several people in sweat clothing lay together on a gymnasium floor, while a standing person grasps one of their legs.
A woman wearing a blue and yellow bodysuit is riding a yellow bicycle.
A cyclist on his bicycle is wearing an orange and blue bodysuit advertising Rabobank.
Small child looking at a train set which is positioned within greenery.
Yellow, red, and blue flags fly in the sky as a diver extends fully in midair.
A male street performer walking a tightrope.
A man in black oxfords, jeans and a layered green over black shirt, jumps in front of a run down industrial building.
A man and woman in a kitchen with plastic cups of wine or champagne.
Two people in winter clothing and a dog are walking along a beach
A guy surfing in the ocean.
Swimmer descending into water performing a flip while several women in background look on.
Three men have places first, second, and third in an event and are standing on podiums.
Three young girls are looking at a monitor as one of them points to the screen.
A man playing ping-pong while a child is watching.
A man with orange shorts and a blue cap is in a tree.
Three hockey players in red jerseys are standing together holding hockey sticks.
A woman in black pants and a white shirt is rock climbing.
A group of young men are gathered under a tree.
An older woman with glasses is serving herself Raclette in a rustic looking room.
Three children are practicing karate.
Two people in a yellow kayak are coming toward a larger, white kayak on open water.
An Asian woman is cutting another woman's hair
A caucasian female hairdresser trims the hair of a young white man wearing a black drape cover.
A young woman drawing pictures on a white surface.
A man wearing a microphone and two teenagers study something in their hands.
A man who is cutting hair.
A woman in a green top is lifting a metal bowl off of the stove.
A group of people putting on layers of clothes for the cold winter.
A woman bartender serving her customers with a smile, a dancer is in the background.
Woman bartender preparing a drink with a pumpkin on the bar
A young boy is trying on underwear which are too large.
Two people on a hockey field fighting.
A man wearing a helmet is jumping his bike down a staircase.
A man on a motorcycle surrounded by white sand.
A group of hikers are clustered together on gray rocky terrain bordering the bluish-white ice of a glacier.
A youth baseball player rounds third as the outfielders retrieve the ball at the fence.
Young boy in a baseball uniform about to catch a baseball in his glove.
A man and women in orange on the floor scrubbing.
A crowd is watching two women dressed in traditional Asian attire preparing to shoot arrows with their bows.
Five men wearing hats are sitting in a circle playing various horn instruments.
A little boy playing with a mop that is moving quickly, and has many toys in the background.
A middle-aged hockey player swerving on the ice
A young man cleans an animal, while two women look on from the background.
A black and white dog jumping in a yard.
A basketball player in a white uniform is dribbling the basketball against a player in a black uniform.
Two martial artists spar while a referee wearing a tie looks on.
A woman who is wearing a peach top and black jeans is bowling by herself.
Young Indian children are gathered around a laptop computer.
A woman is applying red fingernail polish to her nails.
There's a person wearing a black shirt and is playing bowling.
A blond-haired girl is standing in playing position in front of a bowling lane.
A young woman is painting an announcement and drawing on a front window.
A young man jumping off of a dock in front of a suburban American home.
Hockey players play a game on the ice.
A crosscountry runner is running on a trail surrounded by grass and trees.
A group of bystanders view the Eiffel Tower from a balcony.
A man is bowling with various national flags displayed at the opposite end on the bowling alley.
Two older Asian people carrying a large basket of products that they harvested.
Two boys at play at a fun center, there are two women in the background laughing.
A man is riding a wakeboard in the ocean.
Performing some bike maintenance, the lady lubricates a frame before assembly is completed.
A man in a blue shirt is fixing a bicycle wheel.
An asian man in a striped yellow shirt and shorts carrying some kelp and wading through a flooded area.
A rock band playing a live concert.
A person wearing a helmet and dirt bike equipment rides a dirt bike over a hill.
A puppet show consisting of humans standing on tall sticks.
A little blond boy wearing a green winter jacket at the beach excitingly looking at the water.
A person wearing a hat is sweeping.
Two young boys in swim trunks wash a big, brown dog.
A figure skater twirls on ice.
The boy takes his turn through the sprinkler and jumps with joy.
Bicyclists ride along with traffic on a town road.
A woman wearing a sweatshirt and cap chats with a healthcare provider while receiving intravenous medicine.
A man wearing green and black is jumping through the air holding a ball.
A bicyclist is walking her bike through deep mud in a race.
A little African boy looks curiously at an adult white female.
Two dark-skinned children staring while the people behind them mix dust in their floral clothing.
A man in a black and white uniform is playing ice hockey.
A man wearing a headset plays a unique instrument for a group of onlookers.
A man and a woman prepare a meal together in a restaurant kitchen.
A black man with gray hair, a white shirt, and blue trousers is sleeping.
A small child in yellow and purple is scooping pebbles and dirt into a bucket.
A packed stadium at the 49ers football game, with troops spreading out a flag.
Several adults wearing yellow helmets and life vests are white water rafting.
A man with a turquoise vest and black pants sits down in front of a brick monument.
Five people are falling in the sky with parachutes.
Two african children with faced painted in orange are posing for a picture in front of a hut.
A man in a red shirt is rock climbing.
A woman scales a difficult rock face assisted by a rope.
The girl playing baseball is wearing blue and red on a baseball field.
A young cheerleader is performing with a her squad during a game.
A man in a cowboy hat is singing and playing a guitar.
A man wearing a dark blue t-shirt and blue jeans and a younger woman wearing a red flowered dress are dancing together.
A man and a woman dance while a crowd looks on.
A man and a woman dancing alone in the center of a crowd of people at a party.
A young woman skates on ice.
Two female ice skaters, one wearing dark blue bent upwards, and the other wearing light blue bent downwards.
A barber is trimming a customer's mustache.
A man trying knock his golf ball that is stuck in a sand trap on a golf course.
An individual jumps over some dirt ramps on a black and red four-wheeler.
A woman wearing a bright, flowery dress and a black top is sitting on the ground next to a building.
A male is leaping above white water.
A snowboarder is flying in the air attempting to land on a snow mound.
A man in yellow pants is snowboarding.
A blond woman in a red t-shirt and a blur wristband sings into a microphone against a green background.
A person jumping high in the air on a snowboard.
A motor-cross cyclist, dressed in full racing gear, is speeding over the top of a sand dune.
A male teacher is instructing his class of young children.
Six people in tank tops and helmets are rollerskating while two referees look on in the background.
A skier is in the middle of performing a midair trick.
A young girl is taking photographs of the view near forest areas while wearing a summer shirt.
A construction worker on a mechanical lift.
A young boy and an older man are using a drill on some type of object.
A young boy colors on small sheets of paper.
A little girl making arts and crafts with small umbrellas and corks.
Children making crafts at a craft table with one adult.
A child is doing an activity involving a circular disk with radiating lines on it ( in red and blue, a glue stick, and cut-out numbers.
A small child is learning about electricity with wires.
An electronic device is being worked on by a woman.
A child is interacting with an electronics laboratory kit.
A man climes out of a hole in the ice up a wooden ladder.
Two teams playing hockey in a stadium, the team in yellow just scored a point.
Two hockey players one in yellow and one in white competing against each other to gain control of the hockey puck.
Two players on a field fighting each other.
A man wearing glasses sits in the backseat of a car and plays a guitar while looking out the window.
A man jumping to make a basketball shot.
A group of men play basketball on a steel and chain link court.
One guy skiing down a mountain wearing a red ski suit.
A college basketball player rises for a jump shot while the opposing player attempts to block the shot.
A motocross rider wearing orange gear is turing a corner on the course.
Two male hockey players from opposite teams are posed on the ice rink with their hockey sticks ready.
A young woman jumping her horse in competition near the ocean.
Someone wearing rubber gloves cleans dishes in a metal sink.
A woman performs with two hula hoops for a crowd.
People are looking at pieces on display at a museum.
A boy in a red shirt is playing with toy boats.
A person wearing a blue backpack walks up a snow-covered hill.
Three musicians who are playing to a seated crowd.
A man wearing an extremely short necktie, suspenders, and brightly colored striped socks stands on a stage, doing something with a contraption involving objects which roll back and forth on strings.
A man with snowshoes is running through the snow.
A hockey goalie is about to catch a puck.
No male construction workers in a work area in a city.
Two children, one wearing blue, the other wearing red, competing to get a ball in a game.
High school basketball player making a jump shot with two players defending the basket.
Two ladies are sitting on something made of concrete, while enjoying a snack.
A tattooed woman clicking on a mouse on a desk.
A little girl posing for the camera, all dressed up.
A woman in a park holding a red umbrella jumping in the air.
A long-haired man is taking a photo of a beach.
2 people, one in white, one in blue in a fighting match
Basketball player in the orange uniform attempts to block the shot of the player in the white uniform.
A gentleman in a white lab coat is peering into a microscope.
People sit at a beach watching the water, with a man on a stand labeled Pipe Challenge.
Swans are gathering around a man and a boat.
Woman with glasses, plastic gloves, and a lab coat, puts drops in a test tube.
A child drinks through a straw at his daycare.
Chinese-American dressed children dressed in red uniforms are doing a cultural performance in a parade.
Two female children are in a bath together.
A team of fierce canines vigorously haul a sled through snowy conditions.
A man is cutting dough into small square strips.
A scene during a hockey game where the goalie is trying to keep the other player from scoring.
A man wearing glasses holding a nearly empty plate.
Two women playing softball while one wearing purple is sliding to base while the other wearing white is trying to catch a ball.
Students practicing yoga in a class setting.
A man in a cluttered motorboat rows whilst his female passenger has a look of disappointment on her face.
A Spanish looking woman carries a heavy red bag slouched over her shoulder.
A group of people are exercising in a yard and have their hands touching over their heads.
A guitarist is performing music on stage.
Little boy attempting to help mom do dishes &amp; play in the bubbles.
Two men, one playing a horn and the other playing a sax on a dimly lit stage.
Two women dressed in red gypsy clothing dance around in the dark.
A blue race car is parked on the road.
Violinist plays with the band as the yellow light sets the mood.
A mark up artist is powdering a female.
Two people can be seen running on paths with trees between them.
This rodeo athlete is trying to ride this wild horse.
Evening soccer game with one side about to score.
A young man in a red shirt gets his hair trimmed.
Two people tread through the snow in an all terrain vehicle.
Two guys in black jackets using and listening to a record player.
Several men sit while banging on a bongo.
A little boy covers his face while facing drawers.
Four guys in wheelchairs on a basketball court two are trying to grab a basketball in midair.
Two firemen turning the water on in the hoses.
A rider is pulling a wheelie on a motorcycle.
Two young boys dressed in snowsuits play in the snow.
A man in blue with a black and yellow vest spits fire at a Renaissance fair.
Two young boys have a conversation with one and other.
Boy with a blue shirt, playing in the street with a toy.
Ice skating race is going around a curve.
Three hikers are hiking in a mountain filled with trees and snow.
Four men running on a track inside.
Athletes are running on an indoor track wear different colored shoes.
Man on boat pulling a line from the water.
A teenager in a blue Hollister brand sweatshirt adjusts a "Sky-Watcher" telescope.
Surfer surfing in a beautiful with birds around and waves with beautiful texture
A team of boys plays basketball in a gym as one fan looks on.
Three players participating in a team sport.
A boy with a black jacket and a blue hat is hugging a brown and white dog on a porch in the snow.
Construction workers are working on a scene.
Four clowns, two male and two female, are walking down the street and waving.
A boy is jumping a cement wall with a green skateboard.
One man is riding an orange skateboard at a skateboard park.
Little girl playing dress up in room next to her toys.
Tourist using the binoculars to get a better view of the serene ocean.
The players are in their daily routine workout.
A scuba diver ignores a group of blue and yellow fish as he explores the ocean.
Three scuba divers communicating with one another.
A man wearing a green shirt, standing on a pitcher's mound has just thrown a ball.
A guy is examining something under a microscope while people watch.
A male in blue jeans and blue shirt working on some indoor seats.
Five workers in orange outfits and blue helmets work on scaffolding.
Man in white karate uniform, flipping another person in a blue uniform with people looking on.
Two boys in a wrestling match.
An Asian youth sitting on a wall with a skateboard on his lap.
A string quartet busking for a crowd on the street.
A man in a black leather jacket plays a saxophone.
A child stands upside down in a pool.
A little girl is brushing her teeth in front of a mirror in the bathroom.
A man holding a guitar sings.
A man juggles flaming objects with a fence and a car in the background.
A small dog playing tug with a larger dog
Overhead view of two people, a man and a woman, preparing a meal with potatoes.
A Man in a gray shirt playing violin.
A child in a green jacket is rolling a bowling ball toward the pins in his lane.
A little boy wearing a Marvel shirt brushes his teeth.
An older man is riding a bike with a blue laundry hamper full of clothes on his handlebars.
A woman skier in a blue sweatshirt smiles atop a large hill.
A man wearing a large backpack is navigating his way through snow covered terrain.
Two guys mounting a box on a railing.
A team of Roller Derby Girls block the competition as they go for the win.
Man dressed in snow gear goes crosscountry skiing.
Young male soldiers in camouflage pants and helmets clean up debris outside a building.
A hockey player in uniform is sitting on a hockey court.
A shirtless man with a race placard on his butt is posing like a body-builder.
A boy jumps 5 stairs on a fold-up scooter.
Lady with a white towel on her head selling at an open air marketplace.
A group of young men dressed in red walk past a tour bus.
A man in jeans and a button up shirt is presenting something on a projector screen.
Two men are on a boat cleaning the water.
A bartender with a white shirt is pouring a glass of orange liquor.
Person dressed in newspaper boy attire pouring drinks.
A man in a striped shirt, vest, tie, and hat is serving himself punch from a large bowl.
Someone is dropping orange food coloring into a clear drink.
A bartender wearing a black button up shirt is pouring two beverages.
A bartender is shaking up a drink.
Two men, one in black and one in gray, are conducting a science experiment.
A woman mixing drinks in a bar and posing for the camera.
Three people, two men and a female, pose for a picture with bottles of drinks and dressed in science gowns.
An elderly man and woman are ready to maneuver a contraption.
A woman visiting some sort of conference creates a project on a iPad.
A man in a plaid shirt is selling products to customers.
Man in white and red tackling man in green shirt for the ball.
People are lined up to take a yellow bus.
Three people on motorbikes are riding down on a dirt path.
Two surfers, one shirtless, ride a wave.
A girl with a black winter jacket and brown boots is throwing snow over a fence around a canal or waterway.
A man in a hat and overalls is preparing a tasty dish.
A man on a city sidewalk in a coat playing a brass clarinet.
Three friends share a coffee.
There are people sitting on a bus and the camera is focused on a man waving his hands at the camera.
A group of people dressed in swimwear standing outside in a snowy, woodsy location.
2 hockey players in black gold and white, one has the puck with his stick and is skating.
Four women's hockey players scramble for a loose puck as it skips along the boards.
A person on a dirty 4 wheeler driving through the dirt.
A shirtless older man making a traditional Indian street food dish.
A man in a red shirt gives a peace sign while cooking chicken on a barbecue.
A man and a woman looking at a baby.
A young man is lying underneath a large tree in a park, holding what appears to be a beer.
Firefighters stand on the roof of a building surrounded by trees.
Two men in uniform are tugging at a large cable wire.
A man in the middle of a jump while snowboarding.
A snowboarder is grinding on a rail down a slope with snow all around.
Three gentlemen playing basketball, one man with the ball and two defenders on him.
Two young children in black clothing and padding perform a martial arts match where they compete against the other.
A row of old fashion wagons being pulled by cattle.
You African American boy with no shirt on smiling while holding a bowl of food.
A mountain biker is in the midair in the middle of a stunt.
11 men and women sit around a table eating, while 1 woman bends over in the background.
A woman with a red scarf is juggling oranges.
A team is huddled up on the playing field, wearing blue shirts and blue and red shorts.
A man in bright colors is being helped to perform his routine.
A soccer player wearing a red and white uniform catching the ball for a score as the opponent wearing a blue and white uniform is in the background along with a crowd of people watching the game
Several soccer players in defensive position( s ) on the ground during a game.
A man in blue pants is behind a car parked on grass outside of a brick gateway.
A child in a sweatshirt and jean skirt squatting.
Photographer captures his shadow as he photographs young boys mingling on the lawn.
People at the park are watching the game.
This picture is of a man in an odd outfit juggling.
Two people are outside grilling some meat.
An individual on a ski board appears to have jumped from the nearby helicopter.
A man jumping on a skiing board.
A man is playing a instrument at a concert.
A couple of woman carrying bricks on there head.
A person in a tan and blue sweater hanging clothes on a clothesline outside the window of her building.
A female in mid throw of a bowling ball.
A group of young children laugh and play amid a large bubbles.
Woman talking to a photographer dressed in black.
A bearded man in a tan hat, assists a bald man in tennis shoes, near a campfire.
A caucasian male in a green and white plaid shirt holding a microphone.
Men and women with satchels and briefcases travel up and down dimly lit escalators.
Four indoor cyclists are racing around a bend.
Four cyclists, three of the in-line and one to the side, are cycling down the track.
Basketball team, with one of the players about to go for a shoot.
A group of young men playing basketball; two members of the same team trying to block a player on the other team who has the ball.
A red and white car rounds a corner on a racetrack.
A person walking in the snow with a forest of trees in the background.
A woman yells into a microphone while wearing a red jacket.
Two players face off in ice-hockey as the referee has just thrown the puck onto the ice.
Two men in red shirts and blue pants are playing hockey.
Two black dogs are fighting in front of a tan sofa.
I 'm really hurting after that ball bounced off my forehead.
A woman carrying a tray with drinks on it.
A woman is covered up completely and fixing a machine.
A man with a yellow hard hat on is working above some water.
A woman sitting on the corner wearing a blue checkered shawl.
A woman lays in bed with her cat as she pets her.
A man is preparing to tee off in golf, and there is a big crowd watching him.
A man looking at some kind of contraption while another man in the background watches.
Women showing a child how to solder a piece of metal.
Two young children using a mortar and pestle grinding a product down.
A woman is showing a child how to use a sewing machine.
A young girl in a pink shirt creates a painting on paper.
A young man in blue working with electronics.
A man grinds a piece of metal in front of an onlooker on a studio set.
Protesters are holding signs in Spanish.
Two men, one with a mohawk and sunglasses crawl through the mud, as others look on.
A musician dressed in a suit plays his large instrument while sitting on an amplifier.
A boy in a blue shirt is on a skateboard in midair doing stunt, while others watch.
A bike rider with a suit covered in advertisement prepares for a race.
Several men in yellow and green vest in a cafe having lunch.
Two basketball players in white jersey's are guarding a player from the other team.
A person with glasses and a black cap bending over equipment in the dark.
A snowboarder takes flight while performing a freestyle move.
A blue-robed and hooded figure is walking past occupied tables in an upper-class room.
This a man on a boat in calm water surrounded by trees.
A little girls stands on the sidewalk and blows bubbles.
A man outside of Rodgers butchers looking at food.
A man leans towards a fire to check on the contents of a pot.
The soldier is jumping from the plane
Two young girls in dresses are hula hooping on the street.
Rocks outside sitting in the sunlight chilling watching the sun come up.
Men are playing with a volleyball in a pool.
Shirtless man playing a keyboard and singing into a microphone.
A smiling woman and four young children, posing for a picture.
A man and woman pose together in front of a body of water.
Two young girls kissing a man on either side of his face with a lighthouse on a hill as the background.
A boy and a girl smile for a photo while in a pool.
A snowboarder kicking up snow under a tree on a mountain.
A little boy in blue holds a yellow object in front of a floral designed chair.
A rugby team gives chase as the man in possession punts the ball.
Men are playing hockey on rollerblades.
An Asian barber with a towel over his arm stands behind an empty barber shop chair.
Two men with facial hair making tortillas in an informal setting.
A postal carrier with a big smile stands on the sidewalk with his cart of mail.
The man is being kissed by two beautiful women.
Two teenage boys practice their soccer skills as their friends stand beside the goal and watch.
A woman in a blue dress stands with a bemused look on her face.
A man with a gray beard in a karate stance with a yellow belt on his waist.
A little boy wearing a red hat with an Ritz cracker in his hand.
A woman in a white blouse laughs, while another woman in a black shirt and glasses looks on.
A woman smiles as she gives a presentation on a microphone.
A young, white boy standing alone in a room juggling some unidentifiable material.
A man in a uniform saluting.
A man speckled with blue, orange and green paint over his upper body is holding up a camera.
Man shoveling dirt into a pile
People from all walks of life rush to catch the next train in Japan.
Small children playing with hula hoops in a large room.
A woman in a dimly lit room looks through her microscope and adjusts the vision.
A runner is participating in a run session or race along a desolate stretch of country road.
A family waits next to some portable toilets in the city.
Two guys working off the rail.
A man in an olive green shirt using a hammer to sculpt a golden object.
A family of four sit on a quilt in a crowd of others.
Multiple people with candles all around or in hand are facing the camera as they each have different numbers of fingers held up.
A man is juggling tennis balls next to his two friends.
A white man in a white room filled with pictures sitting down trying to put a frame together.
A vendor wearing a red apron selling food at a soccer game.
A basketball player in a yellow uniform tries to dribble while being defended by a player in a blue uniform.
A girl is laughing while sitting on a couch.
A man is helping a small boy climb up a pole that is on playground equipment.
A black dog running toward the camera.
A young man blasts out the pool water wearing a pair of goggles on his face.
Two young men in uniform involved in a basketball game.
A woman sweeps outside of the entrance to a building with two huge wooden doors.
Two players face off in a basketball game.
A woman wearing sunglasses, a red shirt and black shorts runs in a road race.
A man's head becomes later after receiving a haircut.
A man with glasses and red facial hair tells a story to two smiling men.
A man with a beard holds a pair of tongs at a restaurant table.
A man with a beard and overalls is standing next two men wearing black jackets.
A baby with blue eyes and a dirty face is pointing at his left eye.
An older man wearing ice skates and holding a hockey stick looks at a hockey puck in midair.
This young girl is making her way home.
There are people on a golf course and one lady is holding a flag at one of the holes.
A little boy in a hat picking up Easter eggs.
Two men wearing motorcycle helmets, one carrying a piece of paper.
A blue lift putting decorations up on a building.
A man is surfboarding and is in the air with the wave splashing behind him.
Two people wearing helmets are riding bikes in the woods.
A man with a white hat and a tool belt who is working on the roof.
Two men wearing hats playing ultimate Frisbee.
Two guys; one in white and the other in red are leaping to catch a Frisbee.
A man makes a diving catch during a game of ultimate frisbee.
A man wearing a white t-shirt and khakis puts on an amazing fire juggling show.
A skinny boy flocking in dirty water wearing his skinny pants.
A white and gray colored horse is jumping a yellow competition fence while it's rider holds on.
Two police officers are patrolling on their horses.
A soccer team is on a playing field, some of them fixing the nets and one emptying water from a cooler.
Members of a soccer team hugging on the field.
Soccer players are on a field, one about to kick a ball, and another trying to steal it from him.
Four soccer players watch a ball, two apiece on separate teams, as number 10 Messi kicks it away.
The conductor was very agitated during the performance.
Three individuals are visible participating in the sport of fencing while two spectators watch from behind.
There are a team of winter athletes skiing together in a line formation.
A person washing their hands in a white sink.
A Roosevelt soccer player butt heads with the ball and an opponent during a match.
A speed cyclist goes around a track with judges observing.
A man wearing a cowboy hat, overalls, and a white shirt is pointing at his music sheet and looking at someone in confusion.
A rally car drifts around a turn and splashes mud.
Three adults, two men and one woman, talking to each other in winter attire in the snow.
A group of adolescents dressed in uniforms are walking down the street.
A child in yellow attempts a goal at a soccer game while the goalie in red tries to block the shot.
Gentleman making a play on a soccer ball
A boy in a yellow hoodie and a girl in a pink outfit play on the beach.
A Caucasian man is teaching a class in Asia.
A blond-haired toddler dressed in pink and white is holding a toothbrush.
Several black children are gathered posing for the picture in a field.
Blond woman in a pink shirt brushes a brown horse with wagon wheels in the background.
There is a little girl in a pink shirt who is holding a red purse in her hand
A person is cracking an egg into a silver bowl using only one hand.
A baseball player is sliding into second base while the opposing infielder jumps.
A man standing at the front of the room is pointing up while several people who are seated look towards him.
An all male crowd on a beach are throwing themselves backward as one kneels in the middle.
A dog is distance jumping into a pool of water while spectators are watching.
A man in a black shirt is mixing drinks
A man skateboarding on a bench next to a bend tree in front of a white building.
A man and a woman are in a field holding hands.
A group of children stand by a child sized table and chairs while one of them puts their foot in a small plastic bin.
A brown dog is running through the field.
A basketball player in a St Johns number 10 jersey dunking a basketball.
A skier in red sprays snow against a white background.
This women is enjoying the nice hot summer weather in the tropical while enjoying a nice refreshing drink.
A man in a dark jacket works in a wood shop.
An elderly woman tries on a black hat while looking in a mirror at a clothing boutique, with a sales assistant to her right.
An audacious motorcyclist who is zooming through a racetrack.
A woman is drawing at a table with a blue permanent marker.
A young girl holding a hand-drawn clock talks to two women.
Little asian girl with yellow glasses working on a piece of woodwork with the help of an adult.
Baseball players and umpire at home plate making a play.
A man with a purple patterned shirt and jeans is sitting on a brown recliner.
Two motorcyclists race on an asphalt track on purple and green motorcycles.
A crowd watching a man in white pants using an axe.
Two go-cart drivers are racing on the racetrack.
A person on a bicycle is jumping over grass and rocks on an outside trail with a mountain in the background.
Two men are playing soccer on a field.
A hand is seen holding a small strainer with a red substance inside.
Woman enjoys sucker with another patron behind her.
A man is holding his nose while tasting something and the woman is laughing at him.
Group of children and an adult male laying on the floor with balls on their heads.
A woman in a bikini and sunglasses is bumping a volleyball at the beach.
Blake Griffin, of the Los Angles Clippers dunking over a Minnesota Grizzles player.
A man wearing black pants, an orange and brown striped shirt, and a black bandanna in a "just thrown a bowling ball" stance.
A band singing for a crowd of people.
A group of men and women are working out on various pieces of weight-lifting equipment.
A man is sitting behind the driver's wheel in a car.
A young boy, dressed in cowboy attire, rides a galloping horse.
Male athlete in midair, wearing white shorts and high top shoes.
A Marquette University player is going towards the basket, and is being contested by a St. John's defender at Madison Square Garden during the Big East Tournament.
A man is pulling a chain in a workshop.
A young boy wearing a gray hat, dressed in mostly black, accept for his shoelaces, playing on his skateboard.
Two young, male soccer players compete for the ball on a wet field.
A bull is attempting to throw off a male human with colorful pants on his back.
A man, in a red shirt, riding an old tractor.
A little kid in a red jacket riding a broom like a horse.
A man and a woman dressed in white are practicing fire dancing.
A musician in a simple gray tee is kneeling in front of his drums on a wooden plank stage.
Man wearing a light blue jean jacket looking at a painting next to a river and bridge.
Little blond girl in her jacket sticking out her tongue while holding a red balloon.
A dog in the grass in front of a building.
Two women on rollerskates with helmets and elbow and knee pads jostle one another as they skate.
A spectacular dunk by a professional player with white and yellow on
A black man in a white uniform makes a spectacular reverse slam dunk to the crowd's amazement.
An Asian couple wearing blue and red formal clothing are standing together in a forest setting.
Two men wearing white clothing and helmets are rafting in white-water rapids.
Skiers and snowboarders warm themselves by the fire while they talk.
A pit crew makes repairs to a motocross bike while the pit crew boss supervises.
A woman sitting by the water washing some clothes.
A boy does a flip while another boy stands on the Matt.
A woman is reading next to a water fountain.
Three ladies near a table scattered with books, busy writing notes from their reference books.
Three girls playing jump rope outside.
Two men sit at a cafe talking, while a blurred woman in a purple overcoat walks by.
Two African-American men workout on a football field.
A man sits outside in the partial shade in a hammock reading something.
Two men are carrying on a conversation on a sidewalk.
A young man attempts to pole vault over a bar, barely inches away from it mid flight.
This dog doesn't seem to appreciate how awesome his hat is.
Dog sitting on the couch with a holiday ribbon on top of his head.
A woman with a really dirty kitchen doing her dishes.
A woman with short hair wearing a skirt, shirt, and sunglasses is juggling three oranges.
A man sprinkling the corn on the ground.
A player from the Oakland A's sliding to second as player from the Angels awaits the ball.
A basketball player rejects another basketball players shot in midair right below the basket.
Two steeplechase horses, running parallel, make a obstacle leap, on the course with their riders.
It is a beautiful day at the horse track.
Two jockeys lead their horses over an obstacle during a race.
Bread is shared between a man and two women.
A man holding up a bright pink umbrella on a city street.
A woman is working as a seamstress.
Funny kid plays with his milk straw gives a smile for the camera.
A motorcycle racer takes a tumble while two competitors come racing up quickly from behind.
A snowboarder performs a trick by riding down the rail of a staircase.
A little boy is playing with a skateboard.
Soccer player in white and green dives for the ball as he defends against his opponent in black.
Hockey player takes the puck.
A team of men are playing a game in which several of them are jumping to reach the ball.
A man is looking at a yellow bulldozer.
A bulldozer is pushing stones and dirt into a pile.
A yellow bulldozer machine in a rocky field.
A gray bearded man slices blade into some poultry on a cutting board.
Young girls gathered around a man blowing large bubbles.
Blue and gray sailboat in the water with a few other boats in front of it against a gray sky.
In this photo we have two soccer players going for a header.
One man laying outside in the shade of a tree with a sunglasses on while reading a book.
A man checks his phone while sitting on a stone bench.
A crowd of people watching as a large statue of a man is being moved.
A man is catching a large wave on his surfboard.
A bull is bucking off a rider who is wearing a pink shirt and chaps.
A small baby in a baby swing that has a yellow dress on.
An Atlanta baseball player is wearing a glove on the infield.
A new dad sees that his fatherhood is continuing.
A man on a mountain bike is rolling down a mild hill.
O Oh cool going mudding, got my helmet and jacket.
A little, blond toddler is petting a small dog outside.
A young gymnast practicing before a match.
A young man in blue jeans and a blue tee-shirt an sunglasses is on a skateboard on pavement lined with palm trees.
A female singer and male guitarist and drummer perform on a stage.
A guy wearing earmuffs and shooters glasses sites his rifle's scope on a target.
A man practicing shooting with his safety gear on.
Three shortboarders are walking down the beach toward an outcropping of black boulders.
A man is standing in coconuts while trying to open one.
Many people of all races are gathered together surrounded by red, white, and black balloons.
A guy in his scuba gear is having a conversation with other men.
A group of kids playing football by an old castle.
There are a group of people on a tractor of some kind riding through a field.
A man, in a black short-sleeved logo shirt, is sitting at an electronic console with his headphones on.
Woman wearing a blue sweater while holding a large piece of brown paper material.
A caucasian women with blond-hair and a pink bow is putting an object into a plastic bag.
A man dirt biking through some mud in full costume.
A man with a blue hat and black vest is riding a tan colored bull that is kicking up dust.
A skier jumps a snowdrift high in the trees.
Getting things ready for the crowd at the spanish food restaurant in NY.
A team of girls competing on rollerskates.
A man dressed in a surfing shirt and blue and white shorts skillfully guides his yellow board with its multicolored sail over the crest of an ocean wave, flipping over in the process.
A major league baseball player has just hit the ball and is about to run.
A soccer player in a green jersey kicks a blue and yellow ball.
A small boy wearing a helmet and dressed in black, swings a blue bat in tee ball.
A woman taking a picture while enjoying a glass of wine.
Tennis player returning a high serve on tennis court.
A man appears to be sewing some sort of material.
Soccer players in their uniforms running up the field in the middle of a game.
A boy with his arm wrapped in an ACE bandage rests in a bed.
A young boy is in the middle of a sale of goats
A man and a woman in jeans are sitting on either side of a guitar.
Two wrestlers wrestling in a gym.
A hockey game is going on in a large ice rink.
A man is directing a camel carrying some material.
An arts and crafts class paints a project while the teacher oversees and smiles at them.
A man in a basketball game is shooting the ball.
A group of young people are sitting around a fire pit.
Three scouts are on top of a cliff overlooking the ocean.
One man attempts to pin his opponent who is waring a blue singlet during a wrestling match.
A man in a helmet and uniform is smiling.
A lot of bicyclists are ready for a race to begin.
A man who has his face covered with a turban is carrying a weapon.
Sledding down a snow covered hill on a sled, with trees and mountains in the background.
A little girl holding a big sign that says "END WAR" and she's looking down at it.
A table full of high school aged kids are performing science experiments in three groups of four.
Students investigate photos up close in class.
A boy is riding a toy horse, which is placed in the corner of a teal brick corner.
Working making drill on wood to make holes.
A goalie is playing hockey, and there is an object in front of the net.
There are five people sitting around a coffee table going over some paperwork.
A black dog runs on green grass towards the camera.
A bald man is on a surfboard presumably ready to catch some waves.
A man in his kitchen cooking up a great meal.
A male vocalist plays guitar and sings under the spotlight.
Three people rock climbing in matching clothes beside a small waterfall.
A man is playing the drums.
A dark-haired man surfs off a big ocean wave and is airborne.
A man on an atv enjoys an afternoon riding in the desert
Three people stand proudly by a truck stocked with building supplies in the street.
A man in goggle swimming.
Rider in red racing a mini red race car that rides very close to the ground.
Two children and an adult digging a hole in the sand in winter clothing.
An Asian woman, dressed in a bright pink shirt, is washing her clothes in the river.
Snow skier flies high through the air.
A person in orange pants is skiing down a slope.
Two girls playing inside a jumper house.
A deep-sea diver is in full equipment studying a sea turtle.
A man wearing a old style suit dancing in a ballroom with a woman.
A woman in a bright pink skirt carrying a basket on her back, walking up a cobblestone path.
A person walking down a road in the desert.
A man has just won from a karate battle with his opponent and his nose is bleeding.
An older man, wearing a salon drape, getting a haircut.
A woman with a red hoodie on trying to cross a stream of water shoeless with a covered television.
A girl with leopard knee crouches while rollerskating down the track.
A male cheerleader is holding a female cheerleader in the air at a football game.
People with anti-immigration signs.
A small child, wearing a striped shirt, is unable to see down the tube of a telescope.
A barber is giving a haircut to an elderly man outdoors.
A pair of men sit outside while one plays the accordion and the other plays a wind instrument.
A group of people are hanging out outside.
Three young boys, are playing in the sand along the beach side.
A group of Indian boys giving the peace sign.
A couple reviewing the deserts in a room full of people intent on food.
A woman is sitting on a sofa with her feet propped up on a table, while using a laptop.
The man is trying to make a pottery that he can market soon.
Two Indian ladies photograph the long green grass outdoors of their native land.
A woman getting a back rub from a man while sitting court side at a basketball court.
A man and a woman perform martial arts outdoors.
A man doing a trick on his BMX bike on top of a half pipe
Two men in a city working at a construction site, with tall buildings behind them.
There are five jockeys on horses with trees in the background.
Two hockey players stand with both their arms raised up.
An African American man is running near the water without a shirt.
Two men and a woman running together for a competition.
A shirtless black man wearing sunglasses and jogging pants along a park path near a waterway.
A working man taking a drink of water.
Two men in blue uniforms and hats along with white boots are walking along a street.
This men are marching band playing instruments on streets.
A woman in a restaurant is cooking on a grill.
Reporter is taking interview from a red race car driver.
1 guys running with a white ball football in sand while another chases him.
Five military men standing in front of a statue.
A man in a blue and orange shirt kicks a soccer ball to his teammate.
A male athlete tackles his head into the ground to protect the ball in play.
In an urban marketplace, there is a man receiving a haircut with several other men and a small girl in the background.
Two guys load boxes into a battered blue container that sits on a brick-paved street.
A man is making a clay pot, while several bystanders are watching.
A man is kicking a ball on a field.
A man is showing three women how to create pottery in a class.
This guy has just created a new way of cooking for his family.
Men's Volleyball team member jumps up into the air to spike the ball into the other teams playing field.
A group of women exiting a obstacle in a race.
A man is placing his first foot into a box filled with water.
An audience watch as six men prepare to run a race.
A man wearing a black shirt, red tie, and red suspenders concentrates on juggling three red balls.
Two guys playing soccer on the field.
A young girl in leopard print stands in the kitchen holding a spatula while cooking pancakes.
A man on a beautiful beach uses a knife to open a coconut.
A snowboarder loses his balance and dives into the snow head first.
Two men in blue shirts smiling and shaking hands.
A woman in a purple shirt running a marathon getting water splashed on her.
A lot of police in riot gear are surrounding one man in a white shirt.
A group of young people dances with enthusiasm with their partners.
Several people wait outside at the local community event.
Two athletes, one wearing purple and blue stripes and the other wearing blue and white stripes, are playing soccer on a field.
Man in yellow shirt performing maintenance on Schwinn bicycle near a picnic table.
A young boy is bowling for one pin with a ball outside, while 3 other people are in the background.
One lady in a plaid coat eating cotton candy.
A business presentation where the presenter is wearing a striped shirt and using a projector.
Caucasian man in a hard hat holds power drill in front of the American flag.
The baby in a blue jean hat and sunglasses looks at the camera while being held.
A bearded man wearing all black is standing across the street from a Bradford's.
A rugby player passes off the ball when approaching a defender.
A group of fishermen holding a net looking at a small batch of caught fish.
Several men are playing hockey with spectators sitting on the bleachers.
A worker is cleaning a roof or terrace on a cold winter morning.
Solders in a marching parade standing still at attention.
Two men abroad enjoy talking about their differences.
A man with his dog is wearing hiking gear and looking at the view of the mountains.
2 hockey teams are playing hockey.
A man in a pink shirt is standing next to two younger men in a dark room.
A small image used to signify a broken web image link
A soccer player for Eik leaps high in the air to kick the ball, pursued by several opponents and a teammate.
A woman watching two kids playing at a pool.
Four kayakers in two brightly-colored kayaks "surf" a standing wave in a river flowing through a park.
A woman with a black dress and sunglasses juggling lemons outdoors.
A woman draws a dog using pencil on a small square.
Young child using tools on a machine.
Older man talking to a young boy who is wearing a blue and brown shirt.
A young boy preparing a project with a bearded man.
A group of eight people playing some sort of tabletop game all surrounding a table.
A young girl learns how electrical circuits work.
Children are in a classroom setting learning how to sew on a sewing machine.
A person picking a lock with a piece of metal.
A young girl wearing colorful clothing uses henna to draw a flower on her hand.
A young boy in glasses is using a hammer on a metallic object.
A girl is showing off what I presume is art that she made.
A youth taking apart or putting together an electronic device.
A young boy in a blue jacket is watching something being sawed apart while he wears safety glasses.
Elementary school students watch an experiment in a large glass apparatus.
A man is catching a ball in the middle of some sort of sport.
Three people running through the mud with people in the background.
A man in a brown outfit and sandals is sweeping a stone floor.
An older person opens a glass and selects a cheese.
A basketball player slam dunking the basketball during a game as the crowd and players watch.
Run, run careful don't hit the van.
Two students at work in a science class.
Two girls are putting a chemical in a bottle.
A brunette is eating noodle soup with chopsticks out of an orange bowl
A person is on a ladder putting up letters on a sign at a Theater.
A large white greenhouse with a family sitting in front of it having a picnic.
Black chief making a food in the hotel
Fans and players celebrate and hoist their coach on their shoulders after winning a soccer match during a night game.
Two sexy women wrestling in the ring.
White male playing guitar on live on stage in a rock and roll band.
A young girl wearing pink and zebra print smiling while holding a stuffed animal at a birthday party.
A child in a red coat looking through the lens of a metallic blue telescope.
A lone clown adding some much needed color to the world.
A waterskier is being pulled by a rope and he is wearing pink and black pants.
Two young men are inspecting a vat and pipes on a dock or harbor.
A dark-skinned man in a white uniform is deflecting a ball from the goal net.
A soccer match between a team with white jerseys, and a team with yellow jerseys.
Four motocross racers fly over the off-road dirt ramp during a competition.
A girl in a white jacket is smiling while she holds a microphone.
Five ice hockey player from the same team are celebrating on the rink.
Men playing ice hockey and one has just fallen.
A scene from a hockey game where the player in blue has just taken a shot, while the player in white tries to block it.
A boy holding a big rock with another boy blurred in the background.
Two children, a girl and a boy, competing in a potato sack race.
Amish guy plays golf and walks
A woman in a red apron watches as a man in a black apron cracks eggs.
A chef on a unicycle juggles through a crowd of spectators.
There is a girl with three boys swimming in water.
Female distance runner participating in a race.
Five men, wearing orange reflective suits, working on railroads.
Man with glasses juggling for children.
A baseball man slides himself to the base while the other man touches the base at the same time
A woman folding laundry on the floor in front of a recliner.
A surfer jumping a wave on a surfboard.
A surfer gets air while others watch.
A male cyclist pulls ahead of the pack wearing gray, white and red riding gear, a helmet and sunglasses.
The horse jumps over the hurdle as a crowd watches.
Two young men face each other with medieval armor, weapons, and clothes.
A person chopping onions in a cutter.
A woman in a bikini bottom holds her right hand up near a ball.
A man in a gray t-shirt juggles bowling pins.
A young woman is sitting down on a group of chairs while posing a look.
The young lady happily cut the fresh vegetables for her dinner.
Six people in mid-evil style costumes wearing stilts of varying length pass by a group of onlookers.
Two men in military uniforms are standing at a railing while one talks on the phone.
A very man on a motorcycle and 2 men on a cart are traveling down a dusty two lane road.
A male plays a video game on a television.
Several bikers on a stone road, with spectators watching.
People making line to make their purchase in the antique store.
Two white male hipsters beating each other with pillows in a public outdoor square.
A baseball player has made an intense play to get to a base, while the defender has lost his balance.
A little boy crying beside a coin operated ride.
Two people are riding motorcycle in a race.
A guy name Peter is setting something up behind a miniature railroad and other people in the back watching something on a drop down screen.
A bunch of motorcycle racers in colorful helmets racing neck to neck.
A woman with brown hair paints a picture on an easel while sitting outside.
A man is holding a large, water-spraying hose while another man watches.
Two men and a woman are inspecting the front tire of a bicycle.
Five people are racing each other with go-karts.
Two people driving blue and black go-carts drive next to each other.
A chef from Hodo Soy is pouring batter into a bowl.
Two women, one holding a spoon and the other holding a plastic bottle, are preparing food at an event.
A lady and gentleman wearing blue gloves placing something into a blue mug.
A man wearing a wireless microphone is smiling while standing near a television screen.
Three girls inhaling vaporized smoke of some sort.
Man in a blue uniform kicking a yellow soccer ball with a nike sign on it.
A broad way show at its finale.
A butterfly has landed on the head of a blond little boy.
A senior citizen in a hospital bed.
A group of men playing soccer, most of them looking at one man in black.
Little girl in yellow shirt sips a bitter tasting beverage.
A young asian man and woman stand open-mouthed in front of microphones, they are dressed in rockabilly style and the man has a blue guitar
A black dog stands on a rock, green fields behind him.
A small child wearing a hat is playing on rocks at the edge of a body of water.
A rugby player in a white and red jersey shakes a tackle from a member of the opposing blue team.
Rugby players are playing an intense game of rugby, where the carrier is being tackled by a member of the opposite team.
A man kayaks in a blue and white kayak through rapids.
An elderly woman gingerly caressing a baby and holding him softly to soothe the baby.
A man with a top hat holds a large mug in a pub.
Two women are looking at a camera, one is shorter with brown hair, while the other is blond and a bit taller.
A little boy in a swimming pool.
A woman in a red apron is gesturing toward a selection of different loaves of bread behind her.
A man crouches down to take a picture.
Boy looks backwards to the camera while riding in a swing at an amusement park.
One person in a room lighting a cigarette while holding a cat.
A bald military man in camouflage clothes and bright blue gloves cracks an egg into a stainless steel bowl.
Girl in red outfit jumping out of tire swing
Two men performing a piece of music, one in a plaid shirt singing into a microphone and the other in all black strumming an acoustic guitar.
A curly-haired little girl is on the shore of a beach look down at the water.
A blond-haired boy, wearing blue patterned shorts, running through the water, as a wave recedes.
A photographer is taking a picture of a team wearing red.
One young males goes for a lay up with another defends him in a game of one-on-one basketball.
The kids chase a huge bubble around the walkway.
A soccer team is standing on the field waiting for their time to make a move.
Three soccer players are battling for possession of the ball.
A person on a parasail jumps off a wave.
Two young soccer players compete for the ball.
A group of 5 young girls pose for a photograph by attempting to jump in the air just as the picture is taken, one of them stays on the ground and is holding an infant male.
Two children are running down a sidewalk dressed in costumes.
Two people compete in a wheelchair race on a city street.
A man in a costume has himself some water.
A man trying to tie a little cow down with a rope.
A woman in a red shirt and purple hat carries a blue container full of items on her head.
A man wearing a blue hat rock climbs up a steep rock face.
Accompanied by members of the local hockey team, a determined woman walks the final stretch towards the marathon finish line.
A female runner dressed in a sports tank and brief is cheered on by a crowd of onlookers.
A couple preparing for take off in their yacht.
A referee in a roller derby watching women skaters as they pass by.
A man being thrown into the air while being trampled by a bull.
Two soldiers train a police dog as it menacingly grabs hold of one of the soldier's training tools with its mouth.
Dark image of men playing bongo drums and drinking
A first basemen in a women's softball game attempts to tag the runner out at the end of a pickoff play.
A man windsurfing in the ocean.
Four children are playing by an outdoor fountain.
A woman is painting a scene of the Grand Canyon on her portable easel.
A barefoot man is photographing a couple who is laying in the green grass under some palm trees by water.
A group of senior citizens are watching a performance.
Four girls playing soccer on a field as their coach looks on.
A cute young boy waving an american flag outside.
A teenager is performing a trick jump on a city street corner.
A young woman in purple running shirts is riding a red bicycle in the city.
A female in a yellow swim cap is swimming in a pool.
A shirtless man in front of a weathered brick wall outside.
A young girl in a crowd of people spinning two hula hoops at once.
A young white man in running gear is jogging by the water.
Man with one leg throwing the discus.
This version of street hockey is on between organized teams.
Man raising his arms triumphantly as he leads the pack in a bike race.
Young children are having a fun summer day by playing in water.
A male skateboarder skates off the steps to make a trick move for the camera.
The boy licks the icing from the spoon.
The men are very resourceful and even managed to take a nap even in this unfriendly space.
A soccer player in midair as he kicks the soccer ball.
Somebody is rappelling down a tall cliff with the sun and clouds in the sky.
Male crowd surfing at a concert.
A court-side action shot of several professional basketball players in a game.
Two men are playing guitars while a woman watches from behind them.
A man wearing a blue shirt talks into microphones amidst a background of signs.
Two young women in colorful clothing walk through wetland.
A pack of horses close together just out of the gate at a horse race.
Two men looking at each other and playing pool.
A group of horses and their jockeys race across the grass.
The surfer crouches low and rides the wave.
A man is doing a flip while an audience watches.
A football player runs past his competition with the ball.
Five men standing on a music set smile and wave at an unseen audience.
A guy in white t-shirt on a mac computer.
A tall elder man is standing with his hand around another shorter elder man in the middle of the city
A DJ host takes the mic and rallies his audience.
A bunch of track runners leap over a hurdle, with 2 of them falling in the water beneath it.
Brunette guy completing a jump on the pole vault.
A high jumper is in the middle of her jump while still holding the pole.
Two soccer players are on the field on front of a large crowd.
A man is running, in a yellow runners shirt and matching running shorts, along the waterside with a big city in the background on a beautiful day.
A motorbike rider travels along a long dirt road lined with green trees.
A large football player tackling and taking down another player from the opposite team in the middle of an action packed play.
A shirtless muscular man pokes his chest with a brown dagger while grimacing.
A team of soccer players all dressed in white and green two of these male players are looking at a phone smiling.
A man in a unique costume is playing the bagpipes while some people stare at him.
A long-haired man in a blue shirt juggles six orange balls.
A man, wearing glasses and a white shirt, lines up a billiards shot.
A group of people stand in a line along a black fence.
The man is looking at the engine of the old firetruck.
A man in blue interviews a man in a dark suit while in a white tent.
An adult and two children play in piles of fallen leaves.
A woman and man cut rolled up dough into small pieces.
A small boy playing in the sand while on the beach.
Two children are playing with sand on a beach near the ocean.
A group of people are digging holes in the dirt.
Two martial artists fight in front of a group of people.
Three soldiers trying to put out a fire with a fire hose.
A woman wearing a purple shirt and white helmet is riding a brown horse.
A beautifully dressed little girl poses in the forest with her walking stick.
A woman is holding a drink in one hand and pointing at a painting with the other.
Three guys playing golf along a body of water.
A woman is walking along the beach with three children following behind her.
This shows many people on bicycles in different color uniforms and helmets.
A man sits at a computer work station beside a woman and uses the computer.
A middle-aged solo musician performs by singing and playing the guitar.
With a building facade in the background, a man stands upon the shoulders of another while holding several burning sticks.
A young boy getting ready for a day of fishing.
A man in a black bathing suit is playing volleyball on a beach with palm trees.
A guy sitting in a chair is getting a shave.
A few people on a boat with a white house in the background.
A bicyclist racing in a bike race.
Group of people standing in front of a store that sells bicycles for children.
A boy, with blue goggles, swimming in a pool.
A woman is practicing her form with the backstroke during lap swimming at a local indoor pool.
Two men and one woman are performing music on a stage.
Two women in purple shiny dresses are dancing in front of shrubbery.
Four adults playing baseball, with a forest in the background.
Woman tennis player in a green and red dress balancing a ball on the racket.
A man trying to reach the tennis ball in a tennis game.
Several guys playing cricket on a field, while an old man and lady spectate in the background.
A group of people on a dock by a city boarding various boats
A baby with brown hair in pigtails closing her eyes.
A smithy preparing his tools in his humble workshop.
A group of boys are watching a boy dressed in black with blue socks is kicking a soccer ball in the air on the sand.
Two dancers in pink tops and striped capri bottoms perform on stage barefoot.
Two white dogs are playing on the grass.
Hmong mother washing her children's clothes with beautiful scenery behind her.
Closeup shot of a military man and woman in a blue dress dancing at a military ball.
Four children drawing pictures on a large white canvas.
People are standing and sitting at round tables in a large room.
Five little girls posing in matching dance outfits.
A painting of people standing outside of building underneath two trees looking towards a yellow light.
Man with red coat and pointy hair is blowing on a kazoo on stage.
A young man is surfing on the crest of a wave.
A person is kite surfing by a bridge.
A man holding a camera reaches over a railing to shake the hand of a 2012 graduate.
A middle-aged man and women in a blue shirt look at the man's diploma.
Beside a brick building, a woman hugs a recent graduate in congratulations.
In an urban area, people act out their daily lives walking, eating, and enjoying company.
A man just hit the ball on the golf course.
A group of performers clap on stage.
People in the background sit and watch as two girls in red shirts are doing flips.
A group of cheerleaders perform stunts at a track.
A young woman in a polka dot shirt and glasses in front of some trees.
Two child soccer players wrestle for the ball.
An adventurous skier skillfully moved down the steep, snowy slope at a high rate of speed.
Runners jogging through water with a rainbow appearing.
One man is shirtless while the other two men work on construction
An Asian man in the military is doing push-ups for a superior.
A young girl with pink dice in her brown hair has a sad look on her face.
A man tries to fix a colorful object.
The little boy is walking down the sidewalk in his mothers shoes.
Two people playing with a volleyball in a pool.
Two soccer players, one wearing white and one wearing blue, jostle each other while kicking pink and white balls.
A soccer player is chasing a ball off towards a sideline on the field.
Two soccer players chase after a member of the opposing team who is trying to get control of the ball
As confetti flies, a soccer team in white uniforms celebrates.
A wet brown dog jumps up to get a white basketball.
A girl with auburn hair is sitting at a table and looking over her shoulder.
A man is competing for a bicycle race while the other cyclists are directly behind him.
Men, woman and children gathering around with shovels picking up rocks.
The man, with no shirt, reaches into a bucket to extract the substance inside.
A young mother and her baby walk along a street.
Group of young people engaged in conversation, one listens on while holding a drink.
Two white women having a conversation and an open beer.
A man holding a dotted bag gives another man a piggyback ride in front of a Subway sandwich shop.
A man and a woman dance happily.
A girl holding a stuffed Psyduck toy is smiling while sitting on a bed.
Children play in fountains that spray water from the ground.
Men in a bicycle race going down a hill
A band, consisting of at least one male guitar player and one female singer, plays music on a stage.
A pitcher and catcher on a baseball field with the ball in between them.
Violin soloists take the stage during the orchestra's opening show at the theater.
A man running in a marathon race is running across a bridge.
Two lifeguards watch over the ocean on a cloudy day and an American flag is hanging behind them.
A man sitting on steps with a child as a bystander walks by.
A smiling baby feeding a colorful treat to its parent.
Four bicyclists wearing helmets are racing along a city street while onlookers observe.
A cyclist rides a yellow bike with a field in the background.
A young boy and girl are being pulled in a child's wagon decorated like the American flag.
A young boy is playing with his ball in front of a building.
A young girl, wearing a yellow tank top, is playing outside with other children in the background.
An artist is drawing a caricature from a photograph, beside him are several celebrity drawings.
A group of men are running a street race while wearing athletic gear and their racer numbers.
Marathon runners running towards the finish line.
On a small river, four red-clad rowers pull their yellow boat ahead of several others.
A wrestling match is going on while a crowd watches.
Two men being watched by many, wearing no pants or shirt, one having tattoos and wearing some kind of headgear.
Two men in separate kayaks going through rapids.
A boy hanging upside down on a ladder next to another boy climbing a knotted rope.
Two men boxing shirtless with black pants on
Two blond children, a boy and a girl, hold sticks and smile.
Two friends run in a competitive race.
A man is shooting a gun outdoors, on what looks like a beautiful sunny day.
A woman with brown hair and navy blue jersey runs
A woman is running at a competitive race, holding a bottle of water.
Three white men singing and performing on stage at a concert.
A welder wearing a welding suit is welding scrap metal together.
Playing tee ball is such fun for this little boy.
Two women compete in a marathon, while a little boy competes close behind them.
Men and women on stage holding poles with colors and performing.
A girl in a red tank top talks on a cellphone.
A guy laying in a field who seems very happy
A man holds a small child on a tree limb.
Five musicians holding their instruments pose for a photo in front of a backlit arch.
Five musicians, three woman and two men, looking out over a wall with their instruments behind their back.
Five people wearing black and holding musical instruments looking upwards.
A woman in a plaid dress and bare feet performing a ritual dance over bamboo poles.
The back of a person's head is shown, as they scratch their head with their hand.
A man dressed in orange and black is running a marathon through the streets as people watch.
A group of runners competing in a summer event.
A swimmer's hand is taken as he gets out of the water.
Multiple men in wetsuits and goggles standing behind a ribbon.
A large group of swimmers in wetsuits and swim caps eagerly dive into the water.
Young woman enjoying herself playing pool.
A little girl on a baseball field swinging at a baseball on a tee.
A young woman is leaping in midair on a skateboard.
A child with dreadlocks is breakdancing on a public sidewalk.
Sanitation workers on a midday break.
A man is using a sledgehammer to hammer a ring onto a barrel.
A woman wearing a red jacket hula-hoops in the street.
A brown horse with a white mane pulls a ploy with a man sitting on it in a field.
Three people from a country in the east are dancing on a dance floor.
Three men in military garb digging sand in a desert.
A uniformed officer speaks into a communications device while sitting.
A man wearing army camouflage stands behind the steering wheel of the vehicle he is operating.
Person flying in air wearing sandals, goggles, and wind suit.
A guitarist performs during a concert along with his band mate, on bass guitar.
Three young adults are washing dishes in the kitchen.
A woman in black shorts and a purple top, jogging while pushing a gray stroller with a toddler in the stroller.
Woman in blue headscarf and black clothing carrying 2 trays of pastries outside a building.
Three young dark-skinned men sit on stacked fruit and smile at camera.
The outfielder dives to catch the popup at center field.
A soccer player follows through with a kick as a second player watches.
A person is breakdancing while some young boys watch.
People watching a young boy looking like he is falling onto his bottom on a tiled floor.
A man in glasses working a food processor and standing behind eggs, flour, oranges and butter.
A fireman is climbing firetruck ladder, make is way up to a fire.
Two men with blue soccer uniforms practice soccer.
Children wearing hats and making funny faces while smiling are standing next to a fence in the sand.
Guy in red uniform bouncing a soccer ball off his head.
Two soccer players are running and kicking a soccer ball at a game.
A woman is in the water ready to wakeboard.
Two women playing badminton with trees in the background.
A girl wearing an orange vest is riding a brown horse.
A young man in a black hat and white t-shirt is suspended in their air on his skateboard.
A race car is drifting on the unpaved the road.
A stock car races along a dirt track, spraying a plume of dirt behind it.
A driver is speeding a small car very fast.
A boy in a black helmet jumps a bicycle with a small town visible in the background.
A woman with glasses and a lip piercing is sitting down looking at her pink iPhone.
A man is playing on a stand up bass by plucking the strings.
A mom works out in a nice looking garden.
A person is carrying a small kayak or boat to the water while two other people watch.
A girl is writing on her journal on a picnic cloth.
Three city workers in hard hats are pouring cement from a truck and laying sidewalk.
A baseball player about to snatch an incoming baseball.
A man showing his acrobatic skill with a monoboard being towed behind a boat on a lake.
A singer in a white coat singing into the microphone.
A sign with the word insurance written in red is attached to a pole.
An elderly black man using a sewing machine on a shirt.
A woman in a coat pulls her selected pine tree through the snow.
Pitcher on pitching mound in maroon cap and jersey releases baseball.
Two boys rest on a log floating along the bank of a body of water.
A University of South Carolina baseball player hitting a ball with a bat.
A man in black clothes is riding an ATV down a road.
A Person with white and black suit board waking into the waves.
Two young girls wearing white tennis uniforms are shaking hands.
A brother holding his younger brother outside in cold air.
Young boy in a blue and gray sweater, holding a wooden post.
Some men are learning martial art.
A group of men are watching two men perform in a grass field in a neighborhood.
A group of adults and children with a white elephant statue at a festival.
Four men in multicolored running clothes and shoes sprinting down a street while onlookers watch.
A man in white organizes a yellow folder.
A boy in a black and green t-shirt playing outdoors in the sand.
A man with glasses is holding a very young infant.
A tuba player dressed in formal attire performs along with his band mates, a banjo player and a trumpet player.
A woman with a black shirt on is grilling kabobs.
A woman washes a dish in front of a window with the shades drawn.
A red-sleeved man has thrown down, in a sparring manner, a gentleman with blue sleeves.
A construction worker is standing on a crane placing a large arm on top of a stature in progress.
A football team is running as the kicker touches the football with his foot.
Two men are competing for the ball in a game of soccer.
A soccer goalie jumping up to save the ball from going in the net.
A man in a soccer uniform is kicking the ball while another man watches in the background.
A person flies through the air in a field on a motorized dirt bike.
A lady in a sparkly dress is playing guitar and singing into a microphone.
A group of children walking on a trail.
A man in a red shirt riding a horse in what seems to be a rodeo.
Two unenthusiastic kids sit in a parked firetruck.
A city worker (wearing an orange vest), working on a laptop sitting outside on the ground.
A woman wearing sunglasses rides a brown horse.
A motorcyclist is flying through the air above a dirt path.
A man in a white shirt and plaid shorts sits down.
The goalie turns to see the puck in the net, while the team rises from the bench.
Two hockey players are skating on the ice.
Person wearing cowboy clothing being thrown off a bull while being surrounded by rodeo spectators.
Man on horse wearing white hat attempting to lasso small animal.
A naked baby and toddler smear each other in paint.
3 men, 2 shoveling dirt and the other laying down cement.
A man surfing on a wave with a few people behind him swimming.
One surfer riding a wave in the blue waters.
A male surfboarder in a black wetsuit is riding a huge wave in beautiful blue water.
Two woman sitting, gambling at a Casino.
Two children are sitting shirtless on a trampoline.
An Asian woman holds a baby girl.
A man in a striped shirt is jumping off a swing.
A man prepares a cheese burger for a customer.
A man is kicking another man in the head inside of a red ring while another man watches.
A girl standing outside of a clothing shop
Two bulldozers are being transported on a truck with trees in the background.
Woman attempting to complete a spare in bowling using a red ball.
A female dancer poses on top-toe in an elegant photo studio.
A man attaches bicycles to the back of his car in a tree lined parking lot.
A brown and white dog running with his tongue hanging out.
Two people are walking their dogs on the beach, with a cloudy sky.
A shoeshine man sits on his stool in front of an empty seat.
Two males are fighting with a shovel and the top of a grill.
A person in a light blue outfit is racing a dirt bike through a course in the woods.
A group of school children looking at a group on men wearing white shirts
Two men shaking hands outdoors in front of flags
Mother tries some role reversal with her son in the kitchen.
Tourists, both female (one older, the other considerably younger) posing with mock astronaut for picture.
A man conducts an orchestra as all the other musicians follow his lead.
People surrounding a telescope to view things at a great distance.
A woman vocalist singing in a club wearing glasses and playing keyboard
Two old men sit in a hot tub.
Two girls walking along a log in a field outside.
A man with a large net stands in water that is up to his chest.
Horses and jockeys running in a turf race.
A Jockey in a blue helmet, red shirt and white pants is riding a race horse with "sparkasse" signs in the background.
Two men wrestle in the middle of towering buildings.
A guitarist, a trumpet player and two saxophonists take the stage.
Two men in the ocean surfing on the boards trying to catch some waves.
Three people are kayaking and two have crashed into each other.
Two women adorned in traditional tribal attire stand outside.
Man dressed in black dramatically rides a racing motorcycle along a stretch of street pavement.
Two race drivers in a small race car with bystanders in the background.
A bearded man wearing a blue shirt and white t-shirt is working on a fishing net.
A little boy in an orange collared shirt is swinging a baseball bat.
A hiker is climbing over rocks to get closer to a waterfall in a rural area.
Cowboys struggle to wrangle horses in an arena as spectators watch from the stands.
Bike wheels in the foreground with some men in jackets blurred in the distance.
Two Asian women dancing and wear brightly colored outfits.
A small child, wearing a helmet, is riding a BMX bike on a dirt path.
Two men inspect the younger boy's arm for injuries.
A group of people are gathered together and in the middle a woman is bringing her hand to the face of a man.
Males and females dancing together in formal wear.
A bunch of kids in yellow hats are looking over a fence.
A lady and young boy are underneath the umbrella.
A motorbike racer takes a curve on a street circuit.
Three people are shoveling sand.
A man in a yellow and black wetsuit is surfing a small wave.
A black male looking and reaching his arms upward.
Three men with ear protectors on are holding a gun and practicing shooting at a shooting range.
A male with blond-hair and glasses plays a type of horn.
An older gentleman is carrying a tiki torch down a street lined with people, as some of them take photographs.
A man is illustrating using a spray paint can.
A black man is playing a guitar while a woman in a dark green coat nearby is looking away.
A rodeo player is being taken down by a bull.
A little boy playing in rocks and sand down by the water.
A group of natives are gathered at a native shop.
A baseball player in white is preparing to pitch the ball.
A baseball player swings to hit the ball as an umpire crouches behind him.
Two children have dug a large hole at the beach and are filling it with water.
A boy is shoveling sand on a beach.
A girl, kneeling on the sand with a pink Minny Mouse bucket near her, is tossing a scoop of sand with a shovel.
A man in a red suit performing motorcycle stunts.
A dozen soccer players in black uniforms stand in a line on a grassy field, their breaths visible in the cold air.
Three young guys working in a dark room.
Man in a blue motocross outfit and red helmet riding a dirt bike on a trail.
An older man holds a hammer while watching something we can't see.
A guitarist, a drummer, and another band member are performing on stage with red lights on the background.
Children are enjoying a ride at a carnival.
Three men in a rock band performing on stage, in high-fashion clothing and long hair.
The men's rowing team in their green boat is practicing for their upcoming season.
Two people on bike racing on track rounding a corner
Two men on motorcycles taking a turn on a track.
A pale white lady with blond-hair and crystal clear blue eyes, somberly poses with two red berries placed in her nostrils.
Man surfing on board with his dog in the ocean.
Seven men wearing construction helmets are working on the railroad track.
Two people are rowing a boat as a flock of birds pass them.
A group of boaters boating down a winding waterway.
A man is skiing in water.
A black-haired man is sleeping on a bench in a city street.
A man with a hand truck looks at yellow graffiti.
Chefs preparing food outside with bread and cooking equipment visible next to the ingredients they are working on.
Three onlookers watch a jogger pass as one of them hands him a drink.
Two men, one in a red jersey holding a ball and the other in a blue jersey, run on a grassy field.
Men dressed in military garb practice their rounds.
A skip loader moving dirt in a forest while 2 men watch and direct.
A man walking on dirt at a construction site.
Two men are hard at work in what appears to be snow removal.
A lady is writing on a board.
Two elderly women spin threads on spinning wheels, dressed in old-time clothing.
A woman in a white dress holding flowers standing in front of 4 cows.
A boy wearing a red hat is standing in the middle of the road.
Two men standing on the deck of a large ship
Two men, wearing hard hats and blue and yellow coats stand in front of a large machine and smile.
Two men standing in an open doorway to a hanger, with the third man inside.
An Asian child dressed in red is crying as an Asian woman appears to be comforting her.
Two teams are playing soccer in a large stadium that is filled with spectators.
A young lady is performing yoga along with the rest of her class.
A man dressed in a camouflage color outfit is holding a gun and aiming it at his target.
Two men in white practicing fencing on a court.
A skateboarder is landing a trick from a high place.
A bartender in a black shirt prepares a pink drink in a martini glass.
Three people on bicycles at the starting line of a race.
A small boy and small girl are wearing formal clothes at a wedding, while walking down the aisle.
A bike mechanic explains the physics of a bike to a registered nurse.
An Indian women sitting down with her hand outstretched, in a blue dress and expensive jewelry.
Lets see how many people we can get to stare at us.
A man on stage talking through a microphone in a black leather jacket.
Javelin thrower wearing a dark shirt and preparing to throw.
A white clad rider atop a horse jumping over a series of poles.
A person is riding a white horse while jumping obstacles.
A woman with blue boots standing in front of a large basket of vegetables.
A curly-haired man in a suit plays the trumpet sideways.
Archaeologists are on the ground digging for something.
A single person riding a bike.
Two people are riding bicycles next to each other on ground with grass in the background.
A woman in a white shirt and shorts is playing a red guitar.
A little boy is holding a lit sparkler in the backyard.
A racing catamaran slices through the waters.
A catamaran on the sea in a sailing competition.
A group of friends get ready to go on an aquatic adventure.
A girl in a green jersey top and blue shorts is getting ready to kick the soccer ball near the goal.
Old balding white man eats a little girls biscuit.
A man busking on the streets with a cello in a hoodie and backpack.
A female softball player swinging at a softball.
A young girl wearing a red shirt with her right arm raised and left arm has a softball glove.
A little boy is sitting in a swing.
A bearded man is playing a flute, and a person with dreads who is standing behind him plays another instrument.
A man in a white shirt and baseball cap baking cookies.
A baby with green headphones on is waving at a large crowd of people.
An Army dog being trained by a soldier.
A woman in a black apron is standing in front of a mirror.
A man wearing goggles is swimming in a pool.
A white dog emerges from a yellow tube on an obstacle course.
The young girl is rollerblading outside near green bushes.
The girl of the white basketball team high-fives a member of the black team, while other girls gather.
A girl stands on a pier as a ferry comes in.
Women in black dress taking picture of children in front of flowers.
Young skateboarding boy flips his board while performing a stunt.
A man carries many bags filled with items as he smiles for the camera.
Four people at a holiday party at night.
A man rides a bicycle on a small bridge over a body of water, possibly a swamp.
An Italian athlete posing on the field.
Small show dog just ran through an orange flexible tube.
A smiling woman with her eyes closed is swinging on a tire swing.
A young boy in a yellow shirt draws with a blue crayon at a small fold-out table.
A little boy with blond-hair is sitting on the floor cutting something with scissors.
Two men play backgammon while a third looks on on a sidewalk.
A young boy is in an overgrown field with a toy lawn mower.
A stage with a large screen and a crowd of around 100 people.
There is a highly populated beach with clear water.
The dog has his tongue sticking out and walking in the grass.
Three sailboats in a sailing race.
A woman in a striped shirt uses a cutting board and knives to cut some vegetables.
A man and a woman standing in front of a black station wagon.
A woman in a short, sleeveless bright orange dress and black leggings sits on a cement bench looking down, with numerous bicycles parked behind her.
A cyclist in a red uniform rounding a curve on his bike.
An older man carries the Olympic Torch for the London 2012 Olympics past a group of spectators.
A man in an Olympic outfit is carrying the London 2012 torch down a street.
Three people smile as they wait for their race to start.
A mob has gathered in protest; one woman carries a sign in Hebrew.
A female acrobat wearing a red and white striped shirt and blue pants performs on a pole.
Man holding a cup and toilet brush next to a urinal.
A man in a blue shirt is talking on a microphone, in front of people sitting down.
Man in a helmet riding his bike.
Two men painting graffiti on a wall.
Asian man in red and black playing basketball.
A man wearing black pants and a helmet is riding a brown horse.
Parents get involved in the outdoor musical festivities by helping children play hand drums.
A woman is standing next to a painting she may have just painted.
A female is singing into a microphone during an outdoor rock band concert.
A professor in front of his class giving a lecture.
There are four men, three sitting and one standing, wearing the same dark blue uniform.
A clown is playing in a park with bubbles, while a young child is playing.
A bicyclist in red pushes her bicycle.
An old, perhaps homeless, man is sitting at a table with a glass in front of him.
People in costumes wait to perform at an event.
A man in a white shirt is on his cellphone by the gate.
Motorcycle police officer rides in a parade.
Two men in red shirts are standing with a man in a black shirt.
A man is grinding his skateboard on a guard rail.
A woman is participating in a workout class involving kickboxing-style movements.
A young boy with a green bag stands behind a pole in a subway station.
A woman plays bass and sings with her bandmate with is a man playing guitar and the drummer plays in the background.
The small boy is running and smiling.
A man wearing all white with gold stripes holding a golden torching waving at the crowd.
An elderly man at some political rally holding a sign thanking our troops.
Person driving a "one-man" atv pops it to two wheels in the sands.
A man is riding an ATV through the desert.
A dune buggy with one male passenger gets some air as it drives over a sand dune.
A experienced quad rider, speeding up some sand dunes.
An asian man is wearing a kimono while practicing his martial arts with a fellow colleague.
A young schoolgirl is smiling at the camera.
A group of kids on a merry-go-round, playing at the park.
A group of people playing carnival games.
Profile view of a man with a brown pipe in his mouth.
A little boy smiling and riding in a shovel.
A little girl has dunked her head in a bowl of water.
The pitcher is pitching the ball in a game of baseball.
The #5 baseball player from the Green Team attempts to make the catch as the #7 Gray Team player crosses the base, with the umpire looking on to make the call.
A man plays with a baby, holding him up into the air.
Two girls and a guy are involved in a pie eating contest.
A short-haired man is jumping while on top of a huge boulder.
In what appears to be a patriotic parade, a man riding a vehicle is holding a little girl and American flags abound.
Men wearing aprons, hats and sunglasses are grilling.
A group of people are sitting at a long table with wineglasses.
A young boy splashing an older person with a bottle of water
A man and a woman are each playing acoustic guitars on stage, surrounded by speakers and microphones.
An adult man in camouflage is helping a small child hold a rifle.
A man sewing a garment with an antique sewing machine.
A child is squirted with water while older people sit and watch.
A man and a woman ice skating on a rink.
Three men in hard hats guide large machinery.
A young couple sits in a part eating ice cream as children play and other people enjoy themselves around them.
People enjoy relaxation and reading in this green and shady spot.
Young man on a surfboard rides a rough wave.
Baseball player #38, Morse is seen standing and looking at the pitcher.
A man in a yellow shirt fills some barrels with a small scoop.
Two girls looking out the window at "Hair at Hart."
Bruce Springsteen, dressed in black, is holding a microphone and pointing to a crowd.
A seated man fires a gun.
A bowler has just released a bowling ball down the alley toward the pins.
A surfer riding the top of a wave in the ocean.
A surfer is surfing a large wave on a white surfboard, wearing a black and red bodysuit.
A man surfing on a wave, hanging ten.
There is five horse back riders riding through a valley on a trail in the sunlight
A woman and a child are at a crowded airport.
A fat police officer and a fat lady sitting together while the police officer flips through paperwork.
A guy is flinging water out of a pale into a fountain.
Many uniformed cyclists are going down a street passing cars parked on the side of the road.
A woman and young girl climbing a grassy hill.
A little boy in a toy room wearing Batman pajamas is building something with toys.
A man with a long beard playing a guitar.
A woman in a red tank top and a Men's Health hat is sitting on the ground eating her lunch.
A brown and black Yorkie is playing with a red ball.
A man is making pottery and peering closely at the object he is making.
A paintballer, is ducking under a red barrier.
Some of the ten children have juice boxes, one has a volleyball.
Two men in orange safety vests paint a curb white.
A child watches a man shape a ceramic object on a potter's wheel.
A woman performing the violin in a concert.
Two men in sunglasses look at something in front of them.
A guy leaning his arm on a chair with his eyes closed.
An African American base player wearing a blue shirt, being backed up by a drummer.
Bicycle riders in number riding down in a parade.
A team of people putting their hands in the middle.
A young girl doing a back flip in the water.
A woman in a bikini is in the water jumping in the air as she holds a zebra balloon.
A woman celebrating after she bowled a frame at a bowling alley.
A food service person is giving a customer their double scoop ice cream in a cone.
A bicyclist rides by as an audience watches behind a banner.
Two men in white uniforms and blue helmets are playing on a ball field.
A boy is relaxing in a hammock by a river.
A child is standing on a footstool in a kitchen at the kitchen counter.
A male golfer tries to hit the golf ball out of a sand trap.
A football, or soccer, team is celebrating a victory as one player jumps onto the back of another.
A band consisting of one female and three males plays during the day.
Two children wearing sunglasses sit outside of a plastic tent.
Tennis player in white swinging her racket.
A young man is outside holding a coil of wire.
Two bicyclists in a race wearing helmets with bystanders in the background.
Man riding on bicycle with white and green bike shirt and helmet.
The kid is in the water holding on to a floating tube.
A swimmer, with a blue cap and blue goggles, swims in calm water.
People stand around at some sort of gathering.
A young boy is rock climbing while suspended in a harness.
A man is looking at ducks hanging through a window of an ethnic food store.
Kids are always a pleasure to be around and to smile about.
A woman and little girl look into a display case.
The light brown dog with white spots is nibbling on the girls hand.
Young girl carries a bouquet of flowers.
A family of three bask in the sun in a park.
Man shaving another man's face with a straight blade razor.
A shirtless man is scooping away sand with a pink scoop while a little girl watches.
Guy does rollerblading and loves it
A young man in a gray hoodie and a flower on his head striking a pose after a meal.
A female spins in a white dress.
A crowd leans against barriers along side a road while a police officer on a motorcycle drives by.
Man in yellow shirt is holding a microphone.
A man wearing swimming trunks is jumping off a large rock into a body of water.
A boy is swimming breaststroke at a swim meet.
A blond-haired girl wearing a beanie blowing bubbles in a garden.
A group of tanned people at a stand with vegetables.
A woman sits on a piece of art furniture.
A little girl in a red rain hat is playing in the mud with several adults.
A group of people cleaning some kins of sea animal.
Men are playing basketball in front of a large crowd.
Two ballet dancers, one wearing white and one wearing green, dancing on a stage.
A man is lifting a woman in a ballet performance.
In a city in front of a subway, a man skateboards down a stairway as two older ladies sitting on a bench watch him.
A little girl playing on the beach building a sand castle.
A little girl in a yellow t-shirt sits on a sandy beach playing with her green shovel.
A little girl is sliding down a tunnel smiling.
A lady standing on the sidewalk with images on the wall.
Some boys are playing basketball on a court.
A man in a blue hat is sculpting a piece of ice.
Two beautiful green flower pots sitting outside.
A little boy walks around with a white t-shirt and black shorts outside.
Two men drinking beer in a bar.
Two men are shown drinking beer while sitting in folding chairs.
Two drunk friends drink another drink with angry faces.
A man in a straw hat and another man in a striped shirt who are both drinking from cups and making funny faces.
Two men making funny faces while they drink alcohol.
Three young girls are walking hand in hand in a crowd of people.
A man on a motorcycle is riding past utility poles and old dismantled cars
One man grasps a frisbee while another one tries to get it from him in midair.
A fireman in uniform with a mustache and goatee by his firetruck.
A gathering of women wearing white and pink in a public square raising their arms.
A cheerleading squad performing for a crowd at a sporting event.
Two people, one is riding a white horse and the other is riding a brown horse.
The people are riding on horses.
Two people riding horses in a competition with other people on horses in the background.
A man is holding up a foreign newspaper and looking at the camera.
An older man is working on a fishing net.
A man preparing his net for fishing.
A professionally dressed man is sitting on the subway looking at his cellphone.
A man wearing a mask plays music by the side of a road.
A batter is getting ready to hit the ball coming at him.
A girl goes down a yellow slide into a pool.
A man is painting letters using a stencil onto a round stand-up sign that is lying sideways.
Man sitting on the ground with his child and a stroller
A person is flying through the air on a bicycle after leaving a dirt jump.
There are two people participating in a horseback game.
A band is playing on what looks like a sidewalk rather than a stage.
A woman is pouring drinks at an event.
An older man with a long gray beard sits on a flatbed.
A man with no shirt works on a conveyor belt.
A bike rider is airborne off a jump while another kid on a bike looks on.
The man in the blue shirt is working on the light.
Multiple people are walking by a human statue, who is painted in varying shades of gold.
Two construction workers are welding a metal structure.
Young kids playing soccer on a lush, green field.
Kids playing soccer on a sunny day.
A woman in a gray and blue shirt smiles as she unwraps and cuts into a calzone.
There are three ladies dress in blue stand cheering.
One man and a woman sitting on a table in a restaurant eating dinner
A little boy swimming in a pool with a mask on.
A black man in a gray sweatshirt and jeans is playing on a guitar.
A sportswoman in a red, white, and blue shirt finishes with a swing.
A young man in a white hat is playing golf with an older man wearing a blue, long-sleeved shirt and khakis.
These are three people picking crops from a field.
A woman, wearing a dress, while sitting down playing a musical instrument and singing into a microphone.
Three males perform acrobatic maneuvers on a beach while spectators look on and take pictures.
A baseball player in a gray uniform has just swung his baseball bat at home plate on a baseball field.
A long line waits eagerly to get into a closed tent.
Two men are bike racing, and the man in front is looking behind at the other rider.
Man digging a shiny object out of sand while others watch.
Two men, one wearing white trunks and the other wearing red boxing.
A child naps on a rock in the middle of a steam.
A woman in a green shirt reads a Dr. Seuss book to three children.
Three men examining clothing in a clothing shop.
A cowboy is tipping his hat with two other rodeo cowboys, one in a pink shirt, another in a white shirt, both horseback, in action, in the middle of a rodeo arena.
An asian woman is waving and leaning out of a trolley.
A pause in a speech at the Baseball Hall of Fame caused by, what appears to be, an emotional moment.
A street worker driving a machine to level the wet concrete.
A woman in a 3rd world country using a saw to cut through a steel bar.
Two polo players riding horses play polo.
A small dog with a red ribbon on its head walks through the grass.
A polo player cradles a ball while riding a horse.
A bald man in white sunglasses and a green shirt rides a comically small yellow bike.
A man parasailing in rough waters.
Two guys with blue vests seated in inflated boats named crushers that are on the open ocean.
A waterskier is waving at the camera happily.
A rock and roll concert ensues as a guitarist steals the spotlight.
An Asian woman with a red umbrella walks through a crowded marketplace.
Three men works dressed in orange and green uniforms sit under a tree for a well deserved break.
A man in a white shirt dunks a basketball when a small crowd looks on.
This group of young people is sitting on the floor.
A crowd watches two women cycle down the street.
Cyclists are focused straight ahead as they ride along a street with onlookers watching from behind barricades.
Bicyclists racing in a marathon with spectators viewing.
A focused man wearing black leads the pack in this bike race.
Sea coastguards are in the blue waters again always ready to save lives.
One young woman in a blue uniform helping another young woman in a blue sweatshirt with a white band around her arm.
Two men stand conversing in front of a British Airways airplane.
A woman wearing red leggings and a white shirt hangs upside down from a metal structure.
A man wearing a white shirt is skateboarding downhill on a road.
Closeup of a cyclist wearing yellow and riding in front of a crowd sitting behind a red sign.
Two bicyclist riding their bikes outside on a track.
A woman in a suit is standing at a podium while speaking.
A woman is throwing champagne onto a group of people.
Many people ride bicycles in helmets as fans spectate and cheer them on.
A group of bicyclists ride down the race route while the crowd looks on.
A soccer game is underway between the red and green team, and the blue team.
The man in red is propelling down the waterfall.
A horse and jockey in the middle of a horse race.
People riding in a Cyclothon in biking suits and professional helmets.
Young women enjoying the view from the bridge at local festival.
The gentlemen are on the boat deck relaxing.
A man in a blue hard hat and orange shirt is fixing the siding of a road.
Two children and a man on a boulder.
Trucks surrounding workers in the middle of a street.
A man lining up a shot in snooker.
A lady in an orange dress rides a ride at the fair.
A hockey player in a blue shirt scoring a goal against a team in white shirts.
Six hockey players, three white and three blue, skate around the white team's goal.
A young man soars through the air on a surfboard.
The baseball game is being played on a cool semi cloudy night.
A man carrying an Olympic torch with a brick building in the background.
Two men, both in red shirts, one in midair while they are playing basketball.
Two children playing on a metal slide.
A group of team Great Britain cyclists, try to pedal their way into victory.
A group of swimmers jump into a pool.
Two girls are competing and one wearing blue is on the floor while the one wearing white is on top of her.
A man on a motor cross bike jumping a dirt mound.
A skateboarder who is wearing a red shirt and knee pads is skating on a steep ramp.
A lady with a yellow blouse and glasses at a desk with a laptop computer.
A man in a red shirt and jeans is dancing with a woman in a blue and white dress in the street.
Two cyclists racing to the finish line.
Two martial artists are competing against one another on the mat while in the background people record this and take pictures.
A young lady is getting ready to sing into a microphone.
Three guys in blue and gold enjoying a game.
A group of bikers head out the gates in a London 2012 bike race.
Five men in red shirts, in a line, on a basketball court, four with hands on their hearts, and same four looking upward.
A basketball player from team USA dunks the ball!
A lacrosse game features two players in blue and orange playing for a goal.
A young flower girl and ring bearer await their cue to walk down the aisle.
A young asian female plays on her cellphone with her back to her family and meal.
Chairs have been placed in front of a building.
The oakland athletics player trying to turn a double play as the Orioles base runner attempts to break it up.
A mounted, uniformed officer and his dog walking on a beach.
Careful hair care product application with gloved workers.
A young child is standing on a hill above a small impoverished village
Three bicyclists racing down a busy street in the rain, with a red BMW and a motorcycle approaching from behind.
One Asian cook watches another cook on a griddle in a commercial kitchen.
In an area with 2 army planes, 2 men, one in uniform and one in heavy clothing, train a black and brown dog.
A few soccer players intently watch the ball and goalie.
A man in a red and black life vest kayaks down a rapids.
Person wearing a blue shirt and black helmet in a kayak in turbulent water.
Two women and a young man digging up dirt and putting it in a wheelbarrow.
An African American man wearing navy blue and red is shooting a basketball.
A modern sport archer draws back an arrow, taking aim.
Five boys in blue shirts drawing at a table.
Two Argentina basketball players, one incredibly happy, and the other a little frustrated, with their coach clapping for one of the players and a female manager walking off the court smiling.
A crowd of various people walking through a marketplace.
A man wearing a uniform and red glasses holds a rifle.
A man lifting a large weight and screaming.
Female tennis player in green shorts and red shirt serving on a grass court at 126 kilometers per hour.
A sweaty drummer is beating on his drums.
Fatigued road biker pushing towards the finish line being cheered on.
Woman posing in her booth during the London 2012 olympics
Two patriotic women in the back of a classic convertible ride along in a small parade.
People gathering for the Delwood Neighborhood annual 4th of July celebration.
A dog with white fur is moving through deep murky water.
A jockey, atop their horse, is in mid jump in an equestrian competition.
LeBron James passes a basketball while wearing a USA Jersey while 4 opponents stand nearby.
An older man sits on the rocks and looks on as the younger man investigates what is in the water.
Three men, one wearing a hat and two who are not, are kneeling on the ground digging in the dirt surrounding a cement platform.
A group of three indigenous women rest in the shade while their children peek out of a doorway.
A man who is wearing the same colors as the bike is riding down the street.
Two female volleyball teams are competing in a volleyball game with spectators in the background.
Two teams of women, one wearing blue and red the other wearing red and white, playing volleyball.
Two girls teams are playing volleyball.
Women's volleyball at the Olympics is very intense.
This man just got done shooting his gun.
Two people dressed in fencing gear are sword fighting.
A fencing match between Russia and Italy.
Two people in white outfits are having a fencing match.
Two young boys are playing in the sand near the ocean.
A woman wearing an apron and plastic gloves is lifting the lid off of a baked good.
Janitor cleans off diving board with broom at night.
A group of bike riders are riding in an athletic event.
Several men wearing different colors are having a bike rally.
Two cars round a lap in a professional race.
Three brightly colored cars are racing around a track.
Two fencers, one Korean and one American, in an epee bout.
Men in black and blue run in the background as soldier do push ups in the foreground.
A man on a surfboard is surfing, while a large wave is crashing.
A young girl waves to the camera while riding a ferris wheel.
A woman in a red jersey is playing basketball.
The wrestler had the advantage over his Canadian opponent.
A barefoot woman, clad in colorful clothing, stands in front of tree.
One basketball player wearing a white jersey trying to pass the basketball into bounds while the other team blocks him.
A person is driving a red and black race car.
A bald man in a blue shirt spray paints graffiti on a wall
A little girl wearing a white sweater, seated in front of a colorful cake, she laughs with an upward gaze.
Two women engaged in a martial arts match before a crowd.
A martial art tournament in session while there are referees in the sidelines keeping watch.
A athlete runs across the racing lanes on a track.
Two men are jumping over hurdles on a red track while other people are watching and photographing them.
Runners running down a track during a race.
A film crew documents a female track-and-field athlete in the act of throwing a javelin.
A goalie diving for a soccer ball on a soccer field while the kicker watches.
Two men pose on a rocky area in front of a snowy mountain.
Six men are running a race during the 2012 London Olympics.
A female athlete is using a throwing device for a sport.
Athletes running in a race.
A runner in green shoes takes the lead in a race against a runner in red shorts.
Five young lady getting ready to run the 100m dash
Four people are sitting on a rock out in a body of water.
A man in a black hat playing an accordion.
A man is riding a bucking horse in a rodeo arena.
A cowboy is roping a calf in a rodeo.
Two white males playing squash or something with a small ball and a each have a paddle.
A man reaches across another while playing a sport outside.
Two women are sitting beside one another, one holding a baby and the other holding a small dog.
LeBron James, playing for Team USA, is attempting a layup from underneath the basket.
On an overcast day, two young girls, laugh and play along the wet sands of a beach.
A girl in the VolleyBall challenge, at the 2012 London Olympics.
Three girls are outside in a sandy area playing volleyball while a seated woman in the background photographs them.
A pitcher in red uniform is shown after throwing the baseball.
Two little girls on a stone path holding stuffed animals.
A man is parasailing with mountains in the background.
Onlookers are praying that the cowboy does not fall off the bull in the rodeo.
A child jumps over ocean waves at a beach.
Player in light gray uniform reaches head first for baseball plate while catcher in yellow top reaches arm to tag him.
A group of archaeologists examining a dig site.
A man with a number one on his dirt-bike rides around the track.
This is a group of women playing volleyball in sports bikinis.
Four women in swimsuits playing volleyball on a beach with cameramen recording in the background.
Four female athletes play beach volleyball at the London 2012 Olympics.
A surfer rides his surfboard at the start of a wave.
Two men singing in a dark club.
A rally car bears down on the camera while kicking up a plume of dust.
A female athlete with the number 43 on her calf runs.
A female runner with sunglasses and green with white athletic clothes is running.
A group of teams competing in loggers sports in British Columbia.
A young girl with gunk on her face sits on a sink while making faces in the mirror.
Two woman play volleyball at the beach.
A volleyball player wearing a blue bikini is preparing to spike the ball.
A young man carefully prepares to take a pool shot
They are two people wearing sunglasses and a helmets standing behind a big gun.
At a table with her colleagues, a woman in a U.S. Army uniform fills in a chart.
A flaming red-haired middle-aged woman with pale skin is standing in front of a brick wall.
Someone, wearing a flag as a cape, is carrying 6 beers.
A child in the middle of a city courtyard in front of some stairs is flying his kite.
A white dog is jumping up at a jet of water.
An athlete sprints down a runway in preparation for hurling a javelin in track and field.
A girl with a giant bucket of flowers.
There is an African American man playing saxophone in an outdoor setting.
A man is skim boarding on the shore.
A man frolics in the golden surf along a beach at sunset.
A person is walking in the ocean waves.
A woman from France prepares to shoot her bow and arrow with a woman from the United States behind her.
The man in orange just released his arrow.
A young child holding a Rawlings football in the middle of a grassy field.
A person with a red jacket and crosscountry skis is walking up a mountain.
Three children watch amphibians in an aquarium while taking photos and eating popsicles.
The base runner attempts to make it safely to the bag.
A young person is coloring and drawing on the sidewalk with pink chalk.
A gentlemen is giving a presentation via powerpoint.
All the people in the park are trying to make themselves comfortable to enjoy the program set for them.
A graceful basketball player stands at the two point line as she throws the ball.
Two guys stop to take a picture while holding a flag.
The man leaps above the other team to spike the ball.
A man in green is setting the ball during a pro volleyball game.
The man is aiming in on his target.
An airman hugs a young girl while on the runway.
Two sports teams competing against each other.
A man in a black uniform, covered in mud, tugs on the purple uniform of another rugby player.
A baseball player swings his bat to hit a baseball.
There is a woman in a blue dress in this picture who appears to be traveling and waiting for a subway to arrive.
A lacrosse player tumbles in mid-game while others approach.
A man in jeans and a dark t-shirt is working on a train with an oil pot.
Racer riding a motorcycle with the racetrack in the background.
A black man in a blue shirt plays a drum with his hands.
Young boy sitting on a red saddle on a horse.
Three women in red on the Russian basketball team going after the basketball.
Three men push water off of a baseball field.
Two people competing in a bicycle race pass on the roadway.
A group travels on the back of camels.
A volleyball player's sunglasses show the reflection of the volleyball that is in front of her face.
A gold medalist is celebrating his win next to his teammate with cameras surrounding him.
Black and white photo of a girl with short shorts running in the rain with a hoodie on.
One girl, wearing a watch, fixing the hair of another girl.
Several people are working together in a wooded area.
Two woman playing a game of basketball.
Two construction workers leaning against the guard rail of a construction site.
Boy in a float ring in an indoor pool looking at the camera.
Two males and a female are sitting at a table at a bar and two are drinking beer.
A woman serving a tennis ball.
Several workers trudging down a dimly lit subway tunnel.
A white guy with sunglasses is singing with a microphone.
Two men; one with a red shirt and solid red ball, and the other with a black shirt and a purple striped ball, getting ready to take a pool shot on a pool table.
A man wearing gray plays pool in a bar.
A lady with long brown hair is wearing a tan sweater and is sitting on a couch with a man.
Mother holding newborn infant between her grandparents while sitting on a couch.
Stevie Wonder is performing on stage at one of his many wonderful concerts.
Two young girls pet a small horse.
A person is cutting vegetables on a cutting board in a kitchen.
Opposing players challenge each other in a game of ultimate frisbee.
A man in yellow shorts is leaping in the air to catch a frisbee.
He's running his heart out for the love of his life.
Two men, one with goggles, are swimming next to each other.
Two white women playing tennis in front of a large crowd.
Two bikers, one in black and the other with a red shirt ride down a street.
Two bicyclists in spandex and helmets in a race pedaling uphill.
A bicycle race, with bicycle riders dressed in multicolor uniforms, with a man recording it.
A couple with their eyes closed dances as people watch.
An Olympic cyclist with the number 9 from Espania riding down a dirt path.
A male badminton player reaching to backhand the shuttlecock at an Olympic event.
An African American singer performs on stage with a piano and several microphones in the background.
A BMX rider in the middle of a jump as the crowd below watches.
Two women in long, wool skirts are surrounded by goats outside on a farm.
A man sits as a man behind him washes a bus.
Two woman with headdress talking in the foreground with two men in a different kind of headdress in the background.
Several people with head shawls on in a crowded busy market.
Large brown dog playing with a white soccer ball in the grass.
Two people fencing at the 2012 London Olympics.
An Olympic athlete is navigating a slalom course in a kayak, carefully maneuvering around two striped poles.
The Olympics running event shoot from far away to show the massive crowd.
Two men with graying beards share a laugh while enjoying the nice weather.
Worlds first, and only Middle Eastern skateboard enthusiast.
A man in a hockey uniform covered in advertisements guiding a puck down the rink.
A girl holding her leg up by her side.
A young woman does an acrobatic move on one hand, in an empty pool.
A man is riding a dirt bike with the number 3 on it.
A young child sits on a rug and plays with a wooden puzzle game.
A vibrant tracker hikes through a scenic trail.
A hiker jogs down a rocky road while blue skies and mountains cross the horizon.
A woman on a stage faces a packed audience of people.
A lone person is surfing a medium-sized wave.
A man in an orange kayak paddles through splashing water.
People in blue uniforms stand on the street as observers watch from the sidewalk.
A man preparing to bat in a baseball game.
A closeup shot of a guitar player on his knees with the rest of the band behind him.
A woman on a gray and white horse is jumping over an obstacle.
A man wearing an orange jersey and a woman wearing brown are playing a board game.
Foursome plays a board or card game seated at a table.
A woman and man are opening a mixer box.
A woman is loading the dishwasher in the evening after dinner.
An older man in a gray sweater and blue pants is shaping something in a forge on an anvil.
Crowd outside at night walking to their destination.
Several young people, including a young woman in a green and pink dress, sing and dance.
Three girls performing a routine on stage.
Two young men are performing a modern dance routine.
Two teams of hockey players playing a game.
A man with gray hair is sitting at a table.
A man tries to keep balance while surfing
Teenage girls from different high schools compete in a race on a well-maintained field.
A group of athlete running in a race.
A person on a surfboard with a paddle in a lake while two other people follow close behind in a boat.
A child in a vest and hat is posing for a picture.
The girl in red is taking her turn in the Monopoly game.
A man in a green and white shirt and khakis skateboarding near sunset.
The young boy in the red and blue outfit is poised in midair.
Dark-skinned native men play chess while seated on the ground.
Two green shirted soccer players attempt to secure the soccer ball from a player dressed in white.
Two football players chase the ball in packed stadium in a contest between the United States and Canada.
A woman wearing a pink shirt and yellow helmet paddles around in a pink kayak.
A little girl and her stuffed monkey seated on a ride above the fairgrounds.
Three people are riding motocross bikes along a dirt path.
Dirt biker on a professional riding course near an airport, composed of dirt.
Well above the mountains timberline, this young woman seems to be safely equipped for scaling the sheer mountain wall.
A rock climber admiring the beautiful scene of a snowcapped mountaintop.
The rock climber stands precariously on the face of a huge rock and adjusts his gear.
A man is performing in the street playing two instruments at the same time.
A surfer digs his board deep in the water to cut the wave he is riding.
A couple takes in the view at the water at dusk.
Two teams are competing against each other on a field in a game of soccer.
A baseball pitcher follows through his through.
One helmeted man on a mountain bike is coming down a steep, rocky path.
A white guy in black biking gear is riding through the forest.
Three people stand outside a fast food joint with their drinks.
A woman sings while a man plays the bongo's.
Beautiful little girl holding up her hat with one finger is getting her picture taken out in a gorgeous field.
A woman enjoying the breeze of a primitive fan.
The girl dressed in pink is bowing down on one knee.
An Asian women is practicing martial arts in a pink uniform.
A small child wearing steamed goggles, leans against a green floating device while resting in water.
Two people racing on a BMX track.
Four paddlers wearing orange and white jerseys row furiously as the seated audience watches the race.
A girl is on the sidewalk looking at a white van in the street.
A woman with a heart tattoo on her calf is riding her bike past a cornfield.
1 man riding a bike through the country.
A young woman wearing tan pants is touching her shoe.
A performance artist suspended upside down from red ribbons.
A group of people are watching a band play music while one lady tries to take a picture of them.
A woman in a bicycle race is watched by a crowd.
Car number 14 has thrown up a lot of dirt behind it.
There is a small child, wearing a yellow life jacket, carrying a flotation device, on the beach.
Three amputees in wheelchairs racing competitively on a track.
It is two track runners that just got done running a track race.
Three track runners are in the process of crossing the finish line during an Olympic type sporting event.
A person scales the rock while another focuses on equipment.
A man looking very fatigued on the side of a cliff ready to climb to the top.
A male athlete in red and yellow is diving toward a badminton birdie.
A tennis player is competing in the London 2012 Olympics and is leaping off the ground while swinging the racket.
A badminton player from china is sprawled out on the badminton court with his racket close by.
Two women and two boys dressed in pink stand outside a shop selling brightly colored clothing.
Two small children walking through tall grass in the woods.
A matador teasing an injured bull with his red cape in a tournament.
A man singing and playing drums with his back-up group.
A team of race car drivers in a Ford emblazoned with Mayores negotiates a turn on a gravel road.
A race car making a quick turn in a wooded area.
A man is jumping with the ball in hand during a pick up basketball game.
A man is going for a rebound in an outdoor game of basketball.
A man that has removed his shoes to kneel on a mat.
A man play an instrument surrounded my other men.
A man is playing a hand drum on his last with other people in a band.
A soccer player jumping over the defender.
Two runners, one black and one white, are on the track running very close in competition.
A young lady sitting on a rock in the middle of a lake.
A man in ornate tribal attire sings against a feathery orange background.
A boy enjoying the sun, as the people in the back enjoy the ocean.
A black man in a blue shirt hold his baby in a blue wrap.
Young man skating while a crowd looks on, in an amusement park.
A little girl in a highchair has food all over her lower face and her finger in her mouth.
A young person doing a high-flying bike trick with his or her arms out.
Quarterback Tim Tebow is throwing a pass as his team guards against the opposing team.
Young girl walking across the sand in a blue dress carrying her shoes
A woman in a cowgirl hat is kneeling on a horse's saddle while holding her hand over her heart.
Three people are using Washington Mutual ATM machines.
A man in blue, and a woman in white, are dancing with another couple dancing in the background.
A man fishes on a bridge.
Five men are siting on a picnic table with a forest in the background.
Man surfing on a wave in the ocean
One of the members of KISS playing a white electric guitar in front of a black background.
A girl is dressed in a wild outfit dancing.
A German Shepherd dog following another German Shepherd who has a stick in its mouth.
A woman goes over some material in a book with a teen.
Person in a red diving suit suspended from a helicopter.
A child, in a blue raincoat, rides a bicycle on a blacktop road.
A woman with a pink uniform is standing on a volleyball court.
A person driving a go-kart turning to his or her left.
A red car is parked next to a black bull in a grassy field.
A cyclist is rounding a corner on a wet road.
A man in a bicycle throws his hands up in victory as he crosses the finish line.
Three young boys playing with tires, with adult close by.
People are playing water polo and the ball is close to the goalie.
A male skateboarder performs a stunt over a bicycle rake.
A group of people are outside playing basketball while the sun sets in the background.
Two fences in full gear are practicing sparring.
Two people participating in a fencing activity are being watched by a third person sitting on bleachers.
A man singing on a microphone wearing a pink shirt.
Two teams, one in blue and once in white, are tackling each other to get control of the ball in this sports game.
An umpire getting ready to make a close call in a baseball game.
A musical performer in a black dress praises her crowd as red lights flash and her band plays.
Two artist spray painting a mural on a concrete wall
A group of young blond children, one carrying a rifle, poses in front of a house.
Two people are running in a competition on a track.
The athlete in lane 5, records a dominate win at the 2012 paralympics.
A professional wheelchair race with a clear leader in lane 6.
A group of women in highly decorate attire and silver high heels are walking down a street.
Three uniquely dressed women dancing in a parade.
An Asian woman rings stands over the kitchen sink doing dishes.
A male is wearing a black t-shirt while playing a bass guitar in a concert.
A person walking on a trail with a red shirt and blue hat on.
Excited bystanders in London cheer for the road runner.
Female ballerina doing a pose up on her toes of foot in a large room with a red floor.
A little girl tying a little boy's shoe in the street.
The men are playing instruments and pointing at the audience.
A bright red race car is speeding past.
Para-Olympians representing South Africa in track and field celebrate after a race.
A car race is taking place on a track.
A man is sitting in a folding chair at a car shop while others look at cars in the background.
Two men in jerseys race in a track and field athletic event.
Two men are kayaking in yellow kayaks in a race.
A man in a blue shirt is looking at rocks and trees.
A rodeo bull rider and a helper have more than they can handle in an outdoor rodeo show.
A couple standing on the deck of a boat watching the water.
A man and woman sit at the end of a small dock along the water.
Man and a child in gray pajamas playing with a model car track.
There are two football players, one wearing a blue and yellow uniform holds the ball, and the other wears a white uniform.
Football players in the middle of a game.
A woman in a red dress is signing while a man in a suit is playing the saxophone.
A group of young males play soccer.
A skier in blue pants and red snow goggles heads backwards down the slope.
Two teams are competing at wheelchair basketball while seated in specialty chairs.
A man and a little girl shaking hands on the game field.
Cheerleaders arrange themselves into a human pyramid.
Man with long pole that has a basket of fire on the tip outside in front of two elephants.
This is a young football player in mid run.
A men's track meet with eight competitors, every other runner wearing orange.
Mother and daughter posing for a photo after winning an award
A man in a white suit on a stage interacts with a small crowd of people wanting autographs.
Jackie Chan speaks to women at an Olympic event.
A group of 7 young people at the beach jump in the air throwing their shoes.
A group of bicyclists are competing in a race.
2 men are dressed in yellow and wearing scarves to conceal their identity, one of them is levitating over the top of the other one while people watch in an busy outdoor shopping center.
Two men playing soccer on a field.
A woman picking up a couple plates of food from the table.
Someone is riding a bright green dirt bike through the grass.
A dirt bike racer rides number 63 across a dirt path in the woods.
Six mature Asian men Smiling to the camera in their seats.
A surfer in a black wetsuit rides the waves with the shore in the distance.
A guy riding a gnarly five foot wave all the way to the shore
Two young ladies affectionately hugging each other with their faces touching, as they smile at each other.
A group of kids playing football wall their parents watch.
Two teams play a game of football; the yellow helmet team has possession of the ball and is advancing.
A man is swinging a strike in a baseball game.
A baseball pitcher has just pitched the ball in a full stadium, there is a crowd of fans wearing teal.
An asian man on a brick street tending to food on the ground.
A man in a blue and black wetsuit sailing in a blue ocean.
Girl in red shirt blowing a bubble
A teenager jumps his bicycle over a ramp in front of a cream-colored apartment building.
Three men are standing on a platform.
A crowd of people in a stadium decked out in white, yellow and green cheer and clap for the team below.
A group of people inside a stadium watch a sporting event.
People cheer on football teams at a football game in a stadium.
This is an athlete on a bicycle during a race.
Regal horse and white carriage scene with female driver and two blond little flower girls dressed in white.
Customers look at products during an open air market of fruit and vegetables.
A man in a white shirt is performing a high kick with his right leg.
A man is weightlifting with a kettlebell in a gym.
Picture of 2 bikers, racing back to back, probably in motor cross competition.
A female dentist with an elderly male patient.
A young girl swings on a swing set in front of grass and trees.
A live performance of two artists.
A boy plays in a pool with an inflatable toy.
Two men in red shirts race on bicycles, while others watch.
Three young boys playing hear no evil, speak no evil, see no evil
A young girl holding a boogie board at the beach
A young boy is sleeping on a blue and green striped pillow at night.
A family is praying to an ornate statue.
A football player attempts to run around an on coming tackler from the other team.
ATV racer leans into the corner to maintain his balance
An ATV rider, speeds around a corner, while sliding and kicking up dirt-still focused on the trail ahead.
A male surfer on a white surfboard rides a wave.
Two motorcycle racers, in full gear, are turning a tight corner on a track.
A person wearing red and black leathers riding a motorcycle.
A bearded man, dressed in jeans and a jacket, is preparing to play a flute instrument on the sidewalk.
Six men in a large canoe-type boat on calm waters.
On a beautiful sunny day, this young man is performing the sport called waterskiing.
A child in an orange outfit stands holding flowers.
A man, holding a pool stick, playing pool in a dimly lit room.
A cyclist rides down the road closely followed by a car.
A cyclist in red and black racing gear with an aerodynamic helmet is going down a road.
A blond, female soccer player prepares to kick the soccer ball.
A baseball player wearing a white and red uniform is readying himself to bat during an evening baseball game.
A man and woman at a produce stand.
A shirtless man wearing a cross necklace walks away from a brown brick building, with a chainsaw in the background.
A woman with blond-hair wearing a red, white, and blue cheerleading outfit holds white t-shirt to pass out.
Players from a girl's volleyball team are huddling on the volleyball court.
The racer zooms past the wooded area leaving a cloud of dust.
An older man wearing gloves is sitting at a party near two women dressed in evening attire.
2 men washing the deck of a boat with a hose.
Two people are on a rock overlooking the ocean
Two young children look at the sidewalk that they stand on
A motorcyclist speeds down a racing course, with no other riders in sight.
Young fans raise their hands while listening to a female entertainer.
An Asian woman in a hat is measuring food from barrels with a ladle into a smaller metal pan.
Women in a hat a making selling goods.
A woman sits in a market stall with three large trays of produce in front of her.
BMX racers riding down a steep hill on a race course.
A defensive football player from Wisconsin almost sacking the UTEP quarterback before he got rid of the ball.
Women in roller derby are in the middle of a bout.
Two girls, on in red and black, the other in blue and yellow, play soccer.
A man in blue cap and jacket looks frustrated.
A woman dressed in pink is in a stance with one leg off the ground and one arm in the air.
A very young child next to a vending machine
Two bikers a riding along a street in a marathon as the passersby clap for them.
Cheerleaders wearing white hold silver and blue pompoms as they wait.
Two woman talk behind a bar with bottles and glasses in the background.
An orange shirted, male golfer, has just completed a swing in front of a large crowd.
A man wearing orange and blue has just hit a golf ball, as a group in similar uniforms look on.
A man playing golf with his hands in the air.
Two guys in bright blue t-shirts and shorts with white lettering and sport stripes appear to be running and actively engaged in a game.
A guy in racing gear gets air while riding a yellow ATV.
Many hockey players are bunched up around the goal, the goalie is in a crouched position and one player wearing a red and white jersey appears to be celebrating.
Two baseball players trying to catch a ball in the outfield.
There is a bicycle showdown as many bikers race in a paved road as the onlookers watch.
A man riding a bicycle during a race with crowds cheering him on
An asian table tennis player is eagerly watching and waiting for his opponent serves the ball.
A group of man are sitting outside playing music.
Two people sit on a bench leaned against a building with writing on it.
A group of football players try to tackle another player.
A shot of bicyclists in a race with the background blurred by their speed.
Somebody is riding a bike in a bike race.
A man in black pants and a blue jacket watches a woman sitting on a hardwood floor in a brown jacket watch six TVs of varying sizes.
A young football player watches a game with his coach.
Three football players and a referee squatting during a game, while adults watch in lawn chairs from the sidelines.
The Climber trying to climb the big rock
A girl in red shorts walks down a street, passing by a building with many green plants on the walls.
A blond woman on a playing field holds her polo stick at the ready.
A baby in a green shirt is holding onto a shoulder.
A woman wearing a red blouse and a short is standing looking far ahead
A middle-aged man with a broken left arm wearing a suit, who is walking by a couple of women on a sidewalk.
A large group of people in red uniforms are playing in a band.
Monster truck flies over grassy knolls on a sunny afternoon.
A man riding a dirt bike takes a turn on a large dirt covered course.
In a football match, a Panthers player falls forward into a somersault while gripping the football.
A football player 94 tackles an opponent.
A football player jumps over fallen players to continue his run.
A soccer game or a football game
Male soccer players from two teams walk on a soccer field with fans in the stadium seats watching.
Two dogs fight over a ball that's in a puddle.
Two man in their 60s playing checkers at the park
A person with a red shirt, khaki pants, and a hat climb a mountainside.
Two soccer teams, one team is wearing green and white, while the other team is wearing black, red, and white.
Several men are playing soccer professionally outdoors
A worker is being scolded by her boss in a stern lecture.
This lady is practicing her high jump on her new bicycle.
Someone in a helmet doing a jump on a bike over a large mound of dirt.
A young girl in a karate competition.
A BMX dirt rider gets extremely high in the air while looking downward at his descent.
A surfer rides a wave on a large surfboard.
A few people are waiting in a subway station, with an arriving car in the distance.
A man surfing in the ocean.
A child with a rubber noodle is coached by two men wearing rubber clown noses.
An older man uses a mountain bike on a trail.
A person riding their bicycle up a dirt mound while two other people are in the background watching.
A synchronized swim team, performing a routine at a competition.
A Caucasian woman, wearing a black and orange dress, is standing in front of a music stand.
An orchestra performing for an audience.
A man on a bicycle is falling off of it and over a short ledge.
The Petronas racing car and driver driving down a racetrack.
A guitarist and drummer are in the middle of a live performance.
Old bald man with a beard sitting down playing the flute.
Two girls in white dresses stand on a cobbled road next to a carriage and two brown horses.
A young man on a bicycling is jumping up the stairs on his bike.
Man wearing sandals leaning against a tree, with other people in the background.
A young man raises his skateboard at the crest of a skating ramp.
Three children are all smiles as they stand behind bars and pose for the camera.
Two baseball players in striped uniforms are hugging.
Two players from the New York Yankees are hugging while the players around them cheer.
A baseball player sliding to catch a ground ball.
A baseball player sliding into a base while a player from the other team tries to catch the ball.
A man with glasses smokes a cigarette.
3 players in a football field playing, one belong to one team and 2 in another.
Four people are leaning against a fence, looking at a hill.
Men playing a sports game with two men in white on top of a man in black.
The hockey teams take center ice to face off for control of the puck.
A man is sitting on a stoop in front of a door next to an icon.
A girl in ping and a boy in blue walk through a forest trail.
Three guys in uniform are teaching nine kids to rightfully walk with spear holding.
These woman are trying out for a dance.
A little girl in a blue dress climbing on some old wood.
A young woman in a blue wrap around scarf sitting in a museum.
A man in a red shirt is straddling the back end of his bike in midair by a tree.
A little boy playing with some sort of pipe.
A male saxophone player belts out a song in the dim light of a local establishment.
People are strolling around a market.
A lady in a pink shirt running on a sunny day.
A little girl sits in a grassy field with a doll at her side.
A man wearing a black and white checkered jacket and white paint around his eyes reaches toward the camera.
A man sits alone while he puts on his makeup.
The photo is of a woman in a police uniform riding a horse.
Some dancer in very colorful costumes doing a performance in a busy area.
A man on skis is performing a stunt at an event with many people in the background.
A group of people in white shirts are jogging.
A man in a brown coat and pants stands on a crowded street holding a blue sign about God.
A Native American pow wow is being demonstrated to onlookers.
Fast fingers fly upon the lively keys belonging to this true to sound Yamaha keyboard.
A woman is looking out into the horizon while standing near the water shore.
Two swimmers swim neck to neck in the freestyle in swimming lanes.
Three people are singing and playing instruments on stage.
A lady on a foreign beach holding a food tray.
A person is parasailing over a body of water and wooded area.
People partying in an auditorium and one girl is holding up an umbrella.
A young girl in white wearing a baseball mitt prepares to throw a green ball.
A group of bicyclists travel past a fountain in a metropolitan area.
A man in red and yellow suit is riding his bike through the field.
A man wearing a green outfit is carrying his bicycle in front of a Rouleur sign.
Pilot stands next to cockpit of airplane with open door.
A musician holding a guitar soulfully sings with his eyes closed.
A soccer player is attempting to score a goal.
Two children, an older boy and a younger girl, are walking down a sidewalk wearing their winter coats.
A goalie is watching the action during a soccer game.
Two young boys are in a wrestling match, on a mat.
A teenager doing tricks with his favorite bicycle.
A kid wearing a red outfit and sandals in the bed of a dirty pickup truck.
A man in a white shirt is playing tennis.
A professional tennis player returns a shot with a back hand from no man's land.
This man is doing a jump on a bike.
A woman in a pink coat stands in the snow beside a "telephone booth", smiling as she holds a small shovel.
A child stands near a fence.
Little girl in pink bathing suit jumping through a sprinkler toy outside.
Two Miami Heat basketball players are having a funny conversation.
A man wearing a red and blue shirt rides a motorcycle pulling a trailer-load of equipment.
A guy with no shoes trying to get on his bike.
Five people in walking in an alley near a rickshaw with a cat sleeping on it.
A group of adults plays a board game at a table
The man drums while using his earpiece to keep pace with the music.
A young boy is petting a cat on an autumn road.
Three women playing volleyball and two are jumping to attempt to block a shot.
Two soccer players fighting over possession of the soccer ball.
Two hokey players go head-to-head as the ref frantically gets away.
Little girl in a green child carrier placed on the round.
A cyclist wearing sunglasses and a silver bicycle helmet competing in a race.
Man chiseling wood inside a building.
A surfer in a blue wetsuit catches a wave while spectators watch in the foreground.
Woman looking at something in her hand.
An unfortunate accident occurred at a racetrack, where a horse stumbled and fell to the ground, taking the jockey down as well.
Some older people are playing an ancient game.
A group of four men performing a tumbling act on a striped floor in a dark room.
Water polo swimmers competing for a loose ball.
A fashion model is posing for the camera wearing a revealing top.
A woman carrying bags walks through water as her dog follows.
Two people walking with hobo bags, one is a short female and the other is much taller and dressed like a clown.
Workers are sorting fishing line.
Musicians on a stage with green lights shining on them.
The bearded man in the trolley is applauding to his fans.
A young man in blue and one in burgundy are in a wrestling competition.
A young girl in a white outfit and flip-flops is holding two cages
Two women are posing on a stage with a darkened background, with their arms raised slightly.
A man with gray hair wearing a tan shirt is browsing a collectibles store.
A man on a bicycle rides past a park, with a group of people in the background.
A group of people stand and sit near a large flag while wearing traditional clothes.
In the pouring rain, a marathon runner smiles big as he approaches groups of bystanders, as the pace car drives along behind him.
Two runners are neck and neck as motorists ride behind them.
A man with the number 5003 runs along a street during a race with a house and moss-covered wall in the background.
A man who is extreme biking down a trail.
Two race horses run down the track with number four ahead of number five.
People dancing at a party.
A man in a gray shirt takes two pies out of the oven.
People dancing in a room with a British flag hanging on the wall.
A group of young men and women some holding drinks have fun in a bar setting.
A couple is dancing in a competition wearing pink attire.
Four men are having fun on Jet Ski's.
A lady in a pink dress is posing for a photo.
Two men are wrestling without any shirts on while a judge or ref of some sort starts to interfere.
The exhaustion in the woman's face while she continues to ride her bicycle in the competition.
A large group of competing cyclists are cycling down a road lined with trees.
A little girl is walking a dog by the water.
Two people are playing guitar, while a third is flaying the drums.
A newly married couple rejoicing among guest.
Fireworks are going off, low to the ground, as people look on.
A pregnant lady singing on stage while holding a flag behind her.
A woman with the number 697 on her shirt, is running in a marathon.
A man in a red swimsuit dives into the ocean.
A man is upside down on an outside gymnastics bar.
A man and women are kissing.
Two performers, one man playing a guitar, and one woman with a mic raised to her mouth are sitting on chairs performing.
A newly married couple cutting the cake.
A man wearing a jean jacket tuning an electric guitar.
A grandfather playing with his family on a playground.
A man does a yoga pose using a tree for support in a rocky area.
A girl wearing black is riding a giant unicycle on the beach.
A low wave is forming in the ocean against a gray sky.
A man in a blue shirt is running.
Four men working at a craft venue with the sand and beach behind them.
Ow, my head, you silly a-hole watch what you are doing next time.
A standing crowd of people watches a musical performance on a lighted stage.
A man is standing upright on a motorcycle.
Two girls are sitting on a park bench one is looking at her phone and the other is looking on.
A team of boys are playing football.
A man running through a field with a number 41 marked on him.
A young male is standing in a street holding a backpack.
A young girl with glasses and black necklace is blowing smoke in front of the camera.
Three people are seen on a beach during sunset, one is jumping.
A middle-aged man in a beige vest is sleeping on a wooden bench.
There is smoke in front of a girl with glasses and lots of necklaces.
The young men are playing a soccer game while the man in white is holding the man in blue.
A family is sitting in a hut.
Toyota Rally car plows through a deep puddle of mud on the race course.
Girl playing basketball in a high school gym.
A woman is running through a field in the rain.
The dog runs through the grass carrying a stick in its mouth.
An elderly man plays a tambourine in a concert, with a trumpet on his lap.
Students are preparing for their band demonstration.
An Asian woman is in a rice paddy with packing boxes.
A construction worker on a grim day shoveling dirt.
The black team is about to lose the championship against the blue team.
A woman in fishnet stockings competes in a roller derby.
At a skate park one man skateboards, one rides a scooter and 2 men record the skateboarder from below and above him.
Two classical dancers, a man and a woman, performing on stage.
Three older men and one woman sitting at an outdoor coffee house against the stone wall.
A surfer being towed by a boat has hit a wave.
A man wearing an orange shirt is running in a field.
A little girl gazing out the window of a subway.
A group of people in their kayaks preparing to race.
Singer on stage attempts to get the crowd involved at a concert.
A basketball game with player in black uniform about to score while surrounded by players in white.
Two young children play with colored balls.
A man in a black vest is playing a guitar and another man playing a guitar beside him.
A man is dressed in replica ninja garb.
A red-haired lady wearing a blue apron is looking down at some papers.
Excited girls gather together at a volleyball match.
A black old woman with gray hair is holding onto a yellow flower.
Two basketball players jump in the air as one is about to make a slam dunk.
Dirt bike racer in the air with one hand on the dirt bike and body in air.
A horn player toots in front of a performing band.
A male and female hiker peer out over the mountains.
Bearded man wearing hat in front of an out of focus background.
Two women and a man are singing into one microphone.
Youth soccer game on a sunny day kids looking around
Three children are playing with a ball on a wide expanse of grass.
A football player throws the ball as other football players look on.
A football player is running with the ball and breaks a tackle by the defender on the way to the end zone.
A woman is sitting on a stool and playing a guitar with a smile on her face.
A mustachioed man with a plaid shirt and cap plays an electric guitar while standing at a microphone.
Boy wearing blue cookie monster shirt holding up a leaf from the fall.
Attractive young woman takes a moment to stop and smell the flower.
A dark-haired girl colors with orange chalk on a pink desk.
A man is sitting down and he is surrounded by shoes.
A person crawls through a snow tunnel.
A group of kids playing what looks like violins in a band class most likely in a school.
Two wrestlers are fighting, the wrestler in blue has the advantage.
Three older ladies have finished their meals at a restaurant and are listening to somebody talk.
A group of people standing in a restaurant.
A group of people in blue and black band uniforms with light green or red plumes on their hats are walking through a crowd.
Two kids wearing blue are ridding horses.
The boy in the blue shorts is carrying a bucket on the beach.
A man in a white sweatshirt standing over an open grill.
A man trims off excess salmon, so that it will fit comfortably onto a wooden grill plank.
Two women, one with red-hair, stand outside a store.
A lady running a relay race is running barefoot through some water.
A handful of construction workers build a wall in a trench.
A cat is watching the movement of a young girl who is playing with a toy airplane.
Downhill skaters wear padding to protect themselves when they fall.
Several males of varying ages holding on to a car, while on skateboards.
Runners race through knee-deep water in a marathon.
Walkers on a concrete boardwalk under a blue sky.
A lady using scissors to cut.
A large group of young ladies dressed in running shorts at a starting line for a race.
A group of long-distance runners compete in a competition.
A basketball player prepares to make a throw while his opponent defends.
A girl running with a basketball, while another tries to steal the ball from her.
A skilled surfer grabbing the tip of his board while the rides a wave.
A young smiling girl in a hat crouched in a field
A soccer team in yellow and black uniforms poses for a picture on the field.
A black and white dog following behind some spotted geese.
Some cars and many tents are set up at the foot of a mountain.
A young boy walking through the water with a net with waves behind him.
A brown and white dog with a pink Frisbee in its mouth is humping over a man's back.
People walk around in an area with blue seats and a large tv.
A group of people are sitting on a sofa hugging each other.
A young couple sitting in a black chair smiling.
A man and women sip drinks in two leather chairs.
People enjoying themselves at a party.
The woman holding up four fingers has the attention of the young man in the blue dress shirt.
A man in front of bunches of bananas in a black jacket.
A group of people are swimming in a river or small body of water.
A kid splashes in the ocean.
Three girls, wearing the same pink dress are standing on the beach and looking at the ocean.
Local children play tug-of-war in front of a crowd.
A man in a green shirt enjoying a meal and drink.
A girl wearing a blue and pink bathing suit jumping into a pool.
A young woman sits on a bench peeling shrimp over her plate while the boy sitting next to her takes a break from his meal.
A group of military aid troops are sitting down filling out paperwork in a room.
A smiling child is swinging on a swing.
A professional baseball game that includes The Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim.
A woman goes to play the ball in a game of beach volleyball, while spectators watch in the background.
A lady with black hair grilling shrimp.
A worker with his face being hidden by steam from a stove.
A man in a white outfit is washing a tiled surface.
A passer by checking out what is under the covers of the cookers on the table.
A man is performing with fire sticks before a crowd outside.
A small child is hanging upside down from an adult's shoulder.
People attending an event in a park.
A skier with a brown jacket does a trick in the snow.
Two children in an enclosed dog bed with the dog.
A small boy in the bathtub spits water.
Woman and child enjoy the view from te lakeside.
Two guys are sitting in a room together.
A child riding down the street on a skateboard.
A young boy wearing a large hat reaches to catch a Frisbee.
Two men playing horseshoes.
A young girl in red pants plays in a water fountain area.
A boy is riding a dolly passed two 1950s cars.
A young man on a skateboard performing a trick atop a paved hill.
Two men are getting dressed, and one of them is fixing his tie.
Student sit in a classroom as a teacher dressed in green lectures.
A man in the foreground exercising on a weight machine and a woman in the background on a treadmill.
A man with white hair, a long trench coat and an umbrella walks past a parking meter.
A woman is walking down the street holding an umbrella.
Several people, including a man in a pink and black striped shirt who is taking a picture of something off-camera, are in a city park.
A sheepdog is rounding up a herd of sheep.
A young kid is having fun playing with a ball.
A small child in a red shirt stands in the middle of the street.
Two men wearing gray tank tops and khaki shorts are standing on scaffolding outside of a brick building.
A young boy plays with another boy on the playground.
A little boy in an orange sweater and sunglasses plays at the beach.
A boy in a plaid shirt wields a shovel on the beach.
A person is standing at the top of a large, rolling sand dune.
Workers are putting linens in colored water.
This Thai boxer is practicing a high leg kick as a warm up before his fight.
A male army medic is handing a small child to her father.
A man talks to a woman on a city street corner who is wearing high tops with pink shoelaces.
A small boy is looking at footprints in the snow.
A man with a beard, and wearing sunglasses, is playing the drums.
Some people are riding a raft down a white water river.
Two little girls lie on the carpet next to an O made of wooden blocks.
One tractor trying to pick up another.
A woman and a little girl are playing with a ball in the pool underneath some water chutes.
A man picks coconuts from the top of a tree.
A muscular man sitting on the ground cutting fruit in half with a machete.
A boy in a red suit jumps into a pool.
A man in a checkered blue shirt is sleeping in a recliner chair with car keys in his lap.
A man wearing a hat is selling sunglasses outside.
A group of people standing on public transit, two in the foreground are reading newspapers.
A crowd of people at a Jewish celebration.
An overweight man and woman are walking on a street past a Coffee &amp; Tea shop.
A cowgirl is riding a horse while chasing a brown bull.
A woman in a cowboy hat on a horse chases a calf around a dirt ring.
Dog swims in the water
A man is working on a Earthen structure with a pickaxe.
A Man wearing a winter hat creates pottery.
A man in a black hat and a blue jacket is holding a hammer.
A man wearing an orange shirt is working in a mud hole
A woman in a long brown coat tries to cell brooms to two men.
Two men busy hand crafting items in their shop.
A shirtless man is sitting on the ground holding fruit.
Two black dogs playing with orange object run across grass.
Several individuals getting together to play the bagpipes and eat some cuisine.
A man shopping at a department store next to a lot of candy.
A man wearing headphones works on a laptop in a dimly lit open-air room.
Woman sitting on the edge of logs while calmly located in a rice field.
A man shows a young boy how to sweep in the streets of an Asian city.
Two men shouting at a woman in a marketplace.
A man in a black long-sleeve T-shirt is excited to try some food that has been set out on a coffee table.
Young blond woman putting her foot into a water fountain
A fabric worker looking intently at the camera pointed at him.
A man in a red hat bending over.
Two boys with blond-hair, wearing striped shirts on a bed.
Several children are climbing large rocks in a park.
Black dog with collar jumping up with a stick in his mouth
An asian street craftsman fashions items for sale.
Three men work to moor a large boat to the dock.
A Zoo handler engages in an activity with a white tiger.
A boy wearing dark clothes is lying on a red blanket at the opening of a tent.
A little boy is playing in a blow up toy.
Three people in a room with a woman in a black shirt and neck scarf holding a drink in her hand.
A man in a yellow shirt inspects jewelry at a jewelry store.
A man with a white shirt and blue pants cooking a healthy meal with vegetables.
A pizza chef is concentrating on something.
A woman is reading another woman's palm at a blue table.
A dark-haired woman is placing a label on a cigar.
Two ladies get food ready to be served.
A family is posing with SpongeBob SquarePants.
People passing through an open market, while an older woman leans in front of a chilled bin on=f seafood.
A construction worker is balancing on some scaffolding.
There is a man who is working on a cake decoration with a small, thin tool to help him create intricate shapes and designs.
A man with a beard in coveralls at a seafood market.
Lady with her hair up in a bun, in a tank top and khakis looking at a bright light.
A reporter talks to a woman while onlookers watch.
A conductor in overalls and a blue hat stands outside a car of a locomotive.
A window cleaner balances himself while he dries the window.
A gentlemen in a burgundy long-sleeve shirt is at a fruit stand selling watermelon.
A very happy looking young woman preparing a snack.
A man is going through his scrap book and admiring the mementos from his travels to China.
Two men on a cherry picker putting up a billboard of a woman.
Three women and a man dressed as the "naked cowboy" in New York.
A little boy in blue doing bike jumps.
Ypoung girl with arms crossed over her heart wearing a bikini setting in tall grass in front of a body of water.
Two men rustle horses during a rodeo.
A man wearing a cowboy hat, riding on a bronco while another man in a white shirt comes to his aid.
The lady with the shopping cart is surrounded by toys galore and various children's bicycles.
Four kids are watching television while sitting in chairs.
Two men are eating food in a cafeteria.
Four young men holding cups and food are in a huddle.
Two people are walking past an industrial building.
Street vendors with Nescafe carts talking to each other on a city corner with christmas trees.
Two ladies are selling fruits and produce on the street.
A maintenance worker on hands and knees cleaning out drainage ditch.
A man is resting his head on the table with his eyes closed.
A group of people are walking while holding numerous baskets and rugs.
A bearded man sits at a bus window.
A group of pictures in frames are arranged with colorful flowers placed in front of them.
A girl in a white shirt and skirt playing tennis.
A man is vacuuming a carpet while a toddler is pushing a toy vacuum next to him.
A young boy excitedly shoots a basketball.
A crowd watches as several women pull on a rope, perhaps playing tug-of-war.
Two kids play hockey on a pond.
A guy with a golden hair is chatting with a guy with a red-hair on top of his head.
Two women tend to some animals.
These two bike riders are enjoying a trail along a river's edge.
A man is preparing a hot beverage.
A man with hairy arms and a watch pours creamer into a cup of coffee, making color ripples along the surface.
Two kayakers; one paddling and one in the water.
Grandpa is demonstrating how the big yellow drill works so the boy will know how to handle the orange toy drill.
A young Asian girl with a white bear stocking hat.
A teacher and her students are in their classroom all wearing winter jackets.
A performer showing off their skills at a show.
A man is sitting beside a bunch of material while sewing.
An old man stands next to a vise.
A man in a blue shirt and a young girl in a purple shirt in an arid, rocky area.
Happily, a young woman tries out her new oversized rope swing.
A man with a colorful hat is sitting next to a variety of tools.
A man contemplates his next move as he remodels his space.
A man with a long maroon hat is drumming on a black metal bowl.
A woman plays guitar for two small children.
Man reads to his son while mother spends time with the other child on the sofa.
A woman wearing a pink TinkerBell jacket leans against a railing.
Two senior citizens are watching as a small boy frolics and plays.
A clown dressed in red and yellow holds something to his mouth.
A man in a wide-brimmed hat is sleeping against a column.
Two men and a woman are in a recording studio.
A black dog stands on top of a brown dog on the grass.
Many people sit or stand around the fountain near the Space Needle.
A girl in a checkered, green shirt jumping in the air.
A man climbs a mountain.
A boy in a life jacket jumps onto something yellow, out of frame.
Five construction workers building the side of a gray building.
Two women are eating out of several white dishes.
A man wearing a backpack is jumping off a pier.
A man in a yellow short and shorts juggles knives.
A dog is jumping in the grass.
A lady with a red shirt on holding a cup of flavored ice.
Women in costume stand on a stage.
Two young men work over a grill, preparing and serving food on sticks.
The two women and the boy are sitting.
A man is sitting alone on a couch in a log room.
A man in straw hat is painting.
A group of men on stairs leading to a large body of water.
A bride laughs as an older man speaks into a microphone.
Two females in bikinis are playing table tennis at the beach while another female in a towel watches.
A white dog runs along the beach
Two Aurora firemen having a conversation in front of a storefront.
A married ethnic couple celebrate among peers.
A little boy in a taupe sweatshirt tries to catch a green balloon above him.
Several children are around a table with a light blue tablecloth.
Several woman walking down the street dressed in pink and other assorted people.
A man and a woman are standing in a field.
A man in a crowd is holding camera equipment as if he is about to take a picture.
An elderly woman selling rice on the street corner.
People are in a kitchen, two of them are sitting at the kitchen table.
A disk jockey mixes the music as girls dance behind him.
A woman in a tank top is sitting and knitting at a table, with a bottle of something to drink beside her.
Two women pull on another coat.
A woman relaxes in a outside spa on surrounded by majestic mountains and wide open dessert fields.
This girl puts the bird in snow, and eats it later.
A person hangs from a safety rope as he climbs down a large cliff.
A guy with a yellow bracelet cutting into a cake.
Two men are sitting in an airport waiting area writing in notebooks.
A girl plugging her nose underwater.
A woman with gray slacks, blue shirt and sneakers is sitting in a chair writing on a pad.
Two young men play trumpet in traditional mariachi dress.
Three people in blond wigs and black dresses singing into microphones.
The man is walking with a young child outside.
A man and young boy asleep in a chair.
A group pf people attending a celebration
A group of people ride their bicycles on a city street.
A person in midair doing a back flip.
A dog is jumping up on hind legs with its mouth open.
A man in a blue shirt is cutting the wood.
A boy in a black swimsuit playing near the water.
A woman talking on a cellphone inside a large building complex.
The man in the red shirt is climbing the side of a mountain.
A brother and sister taking a moment to giggle and have fun during karate practice.
Boy and girl practicing marshal art on a blue mat.
Two adults are playing on a children's swing set.
A man holds a large fish on a boat.
A group of men are doing house repairs.
A man wearing a black hat standing next to a black pole.
Firemen are putting our a fire.
The brass section of an orchestra, mostly school-aged, performs a piece.
Three children climb on a livestock fence.
A man with glasses and a long-sleeve green shirt admires a Komodo dragon.
The toddler is trying to drink from two sippy cups.
Woman in white shirt and blue and white shorts walking.
A dog runs through a field chasing a ball.
A young boy pulls another boy wearing a silly hat in a radio flyer wagon.
Child swimming underwater with a toy in his hand.
A woman kneading dough in her kitchen with bare hands.
A man pours batter out of a silver bowl.
A man is taking a picture of something you can't see off to the right.
A woman running after a child on the beach.
A man is climbing up a very large rock.
A lone boat sitting in the water.
A man wearing a brown t-shirt and blue jeans is standing in front of a chanel store holding a walkie talkie.
A man is preparing food on a grill outside a home.
An elderly man stands alone in a suit and tie outside a store.
Three little boys with nets looking for bugs to catch.
In front is a guy singing and playing guitar and a white shirted drummer in the back.
A little girl is running through the incoming surf on a beach.
Asian school children sitting on each others shoulders.
A man in a tan colored shirt cutting food.
A man with glasses is sitting at a desk holding a phone and some papers.
A man taking a rest in a shallow river amid the rocks.
A fisherman is standing on some rocks by the sea, illuminated by the sun, which is near the horizon.
Baseball player looking out into a stadium crowd
A tourist walks down the street, camera in hand, trying to find something worthy of a photo.
Seven adults sit around a fire pit having a conversation.
A boy is leaping over a blue hose pipe as a little girl watches.
A small dog on a leash is being smelled by another animal.
A woman in a white shirt and glasses is painting a white wall green.
A boy wearing red crocs climbing a tree.
A girl wearing an orange shirt holds onto poles and looks down.
A room full of people dining at round tables.
A man with glasses and a white dress shirt sits along side other women and men at a dinner.
A woman is kneeling down near the water.
A young boy stands behind a woven mat under a roof of palm fronds.
Man playing electric guitar live during a concert.
A guy in blue jeans with a black shirt has his hand in his pocket.
One young girl pushing a toy while her twin sister looks on.
Two men and one woman sit at a table eating a dessert.
A male is mowing the grass with a lawn mower.
The yellow dog is drinking water from a bottle.
Girl swimming in a lake underwater.
A boy in a light blue t-shirt and red shorts runs forward as he is swinging a baseball bat behind him.
People are ice-skating and walking across a frozen surface with the Adobe building in the background.
A guy in a black jacket and blue jeans holding a large arrangement of roses while walking down the sidewalk.
Two girls sit beside a river under a tree
Somewhere in a hot dessert a couple of people walking along and some on horses.
A young boy standing on the sidewalk while a man lifts up a bag in the background.
A small dog jumping threw some a lake
Man and young boy singing together using microphones.
A man in jeans and a purple shirt hard at work building a deck.
Ice sculptures take on a whole new meaning in Alaska.
A man is walking by trees in front of the city skyline.
A puppy dog is playing with a tennis ball.
A man in a black shirt enjoys a snack while a woman in a white shirt looks confused.
A young man sitting and petting his dog
Group of people under banner with symbol on it.
A group of people are preparing a hot air balloon for flight.
A person in a black jacket in the middle of the road.
A man wearing a checkered shirt, cream suit and tennis shoes sits on a bench.
A woman with glasses about to take a bite out of a huge cookie.
A boy is posing for a photograph on the beach.
The child wearing a cap is holding a fishing pole.
A man in athletic wear inspects a black and red bicycle.
Two men clean the outside of a building under a blue sky.
A small baby sits on a bed and smiles.
A girl in a blue gymnast outfit is jumping and doing the splits.
A man in fishing overalls in the water.
A young, blond girl is standing outside and blowing bubbles.
Lone skier walks through the snow.
A marching band in red and white uniforms.
A woman climbs up a cliff
A woman wearing a hat selling something to an older women with white hair.
Three boys play along a decortive wall outside of a building.
A man wearing blue jeans and a young boy wearing a brown shirt are playing in the backyard.
A backhoe digs out dirt at dusk.
A woman pulling a wagon with a girl in it across a frozen lake
A bearded man with animal hide coat and hat.
A girl sits at a table in front of a plate of food.
An older woman is turning backwards and screaming.
Similarly dressed children are playing soccer in a rocky field in front of a building.
A black woman with a hat on is weighing fruits and vegetables.
Several patrons are standing out in the rain to get snacks from a street vendor.
A boy and a dog stand on a dock watching another dog.
A man with glasses on and a bandanna covering his mouth is looking out through a window.
A person is sitting under a purple umbrella on the beach.
A young child stands in front of a mirror and has trouble taking off his red jacket.
Girls in swimsuits, holding hands and leaping into water.
A young boy in a yellow shirt plays with some equipment.
A little girl with inflatable armbands is jumping into the pool
A black dog with a red collar has an item in his mouth and is climbing out of a pool.
A man sits in front of an ATM machine while another man uses the machine.
A man with a white hat is sitting at a table listening to a man sing and play the guitar.
A group of old men gather around a car.
A woman shears a sheep on its back in front of a red-brick wall.
A woman in sweater is touching a sheep.
A brown-haired woman kneels while gathering wool on a black tarp.
Man in red shirt climbing rock cliff
Woman in blue is tossing a young child into a pool.
A man sitting on a chair next to books is sleeping.
A man in a tan jacket and blue jeans sits and looks at the paper.
A mountain landscape.
A young girl in a pink jacket is carrying a rolling luggage bag
A man in a hat is walking in a parking lot.
Two people doing their job well and showing off to the public.
People are doing various activities in a park.
A boy in a yellow t-shirt plays with a toy resembling a vacuum cleaner hose.
A big crowd is watching some kind of a game.
A beagle walking on the beach next to some waves.
A woman wearing a pink tank top holding a mug of liquid
A woman working at a wine bar, wearing a white apron.
A woman doing dirty handwork on wood.
A runner with one green shoe and one white shoe runs uphill.
A man in a tan jacket is singing into a microphone.
A boy licks an older male's face that's covered in a blue and yellow creamy substance.
Man riding bike on trail
Two men sit against a stone monument among snow covered peaks.
There are two men riding bicycles outside in the snow covered countryside.
Man on bicycle trek high in the mountains.
The man on the bike is sitting on a gravel hill.
Four people are looking at something on the wall in a waiting room.
Two dogs are wrestling in a field.
A hiker navigates a rope and wood bridge over a large dry ravine.
A man is taking a nap in the train.
A man in hiking boots, shorts, a blue jacket and a wide brimmed hat is walking through an area with pine trees.
A young man standing on a patio.
Rays of sunlight shine down on a green tent in the woods.
A man and a woman are making an acrobatic pose in a pool.
A man in a hat paints a wooden fence outside.
A fair in texas with many people.
A young blond boy sits at the end of a dock, holding a fishing pole over the water.
Couples gathered in a Brick building descending stairs.
A woman in white and a man in a black suit cutting cake together.
A father with his son walking on their front lawn.
A man putting on geisha like makeup in a mirror wearing a white shirt
A very dirty young blond boy playing in the mud.
A team in yellow, red, and blue jerseys sit next to a road and watch a tiger mascot.
A young girl wearing a tutu dances in a large room.
A group of people wearing light blue shirts and dark blue pants moving around all together.
A small boy wearing a white shirt pushes a gray shopping cart.
A woman with a black purse waiting at a an orange bus stop.
A dining room full of people eating and a waiter serving them.
Two men are trying to push this very large inflatable golf ball
A child plays with a toy in the grass.
A man in red trunks flies through the air with a boogie board.
A group of young people talking and laughing.
Two women and a man are in a sporty red convertible in front of a large group of people on the sidewalk.
A woman sleeping alone in a bed.
Two Pipe-fitters weld a seam joining a large coupling.
The man is holding a baby near a carnival game.
A man smiling into the camera while holding a decorative plate and a ink pen
A couple kissing at the top of the stairs on a sidewalk.
Four young adults with two microphones make silly faces at the camera.
A dog leaping into the water near a motorboat.
Two boys are climbing a wooden platform and jumping into a river.
Young girl wearing a two-piece bathing suit bathing underneath a small waterfall.
A little girl with curly hair with her mouth open.
This Guy, White shirt, and blue Shorts taking a turn some where.
A brown dog is running over snow near leafless trees.
A man with dirty feet laying on a step outside.
Some hikers are crossing a wood and wire bridge over a river.
The person is walking in the mountains.
A group of people standing on a balcony in a very modern setting.
A boy in a green shirt is doing a chin up.
Two men in traditional Arab dress standing near a car wave at an SUV in the desert.
People sitting inside a bus waiting to reach their destination.
Swimmers leaps off the starting blocks into their race lanes at an indoor pool.
A man who just came from a swim.
A woman uses a sewing machine to sew on the side of the street.
A woman with a shaved head dressed in black and white in a parade
Two children, one male and one female are practicing outdoor rock climbing.
An elder bearded man having a rest in a dilapidated building.
A woman is throwing water on a child in a plastic swimming pool in a rural area.
A dog and cat are fighting on a chair.
A child playing with a water hose while a woman records with a camcorder
A male sitting down enjoy his coffee at a coffee shop.
A little boy is petting a tiger that is laying down.
A man mountain climbing up an icy mountain.
Two people sit in the distance on an unusual rock formation.
A group of people are walking down a sidewalk.
A woman in a lab coat is looking through a microscope.
A middle-aged casually dressed man props his feet on his desk.
A cart containig two men being pulled by horses in the rain.
A white little girl hugging a black woman.
An ethnic street vendor smiles as he displays his vegetables and smokes a cigarette.
A long-haired dog wearing a pink vest and running
A man in blue jeans and a white t-shirt is working on a window with rail guards.
An Indian man is talking to children as they cut a cake.
Two women in baseball caps stand while facing each other in a crowded auditorium.
A child submerges from the water.
Two girls are walking away from the camera under a walkway.
Six small children sitting at a desk.
Jewish men and boys r sitting reading Torah.
A furniture store has gathered a large amount of people.
A young child in red and black winter clothing stands near a stationary train.
People standing with signs representing peace in their hands.
A woman is showing a peace sign while standing next to a child who is holding a balloon animal while eating food at McDonalds.
A group of people walking by a lake.
Construction workers are standing around the back of a dump truck.
A elderly women sitting in a coffee shop wearing a jacket reading a book.
Two white and brown dogs up against a fence.
Two men are using tools on this tree.
A male cop is writing a ticket next to a car.
A bagpipe street performer in front of a store window.
A man and woman holding wooden polls and practicing martial arts moves in front of a crowd.
A group of men are sitting down on the ground together.
A boy is sliding down in a red shirt.
An asian couple enjoy a sushi dinner
A group of sunbathers lies on the rocks on towels and blankets.
A person is walking with a white bag.
A woman in a red floral dress with cardigan takes a photo on a nature trail while holding a rainbow umbrella.
A man and a woman are making salads.
Two men practicing a form of martial arts in a wooden-floored studio.
A man in a karate pose on a wooden floor.
People are standing outside of the cafe about to go in.
The two dogs are running through the grass.
A factory worker takes a break from his day to pose for the camera.
A boy in winter clothes slides down an orange slide.
A person is carrying a shovel walking down a snowy street.
A girl in green goggles in a pool with three other children.
The black dog has a toy in its mouth and a person stands nearby.
A man is doing a wheelie on a mountain bike.
Three men, one with his shoes off, are asleep on a bench in the park.
Five people are sitting together in the snow.
A female gymnast in a black unitard and viewed from behind prepares for a tumbling pass.
A woman on the floor covered in cake.
One police officer standing on the street along with three police officers on horseback.
A woman is speaking at a podium outdoors.
A elderly man holds a can behind his back as he strolls by a beautiful flower market.
A man putting together a wooden chair.
A gray bird stands majestically on a beach while waves roll in.
A man in a silver raincoat standing outside by a wheelbarrow.
A woman behind a scrolled wall is writing
A rock climber practices on a rock climbing wall.
Two male construction workers are working on a street outside someone's home
An elderly man sits outside a storefront accompanied by a young boy with a cart.
A man in shorts and a Hawaiian shirt leans over the rail of a pilot boat, with fog and mountains in the background.
Zwei junge weie Mnner sind im Freien in der Nhe vieler Bsche.
Mehrere Mnner mit Schutzhelmen bedienen ein Antriebsradsystem.
Ein kleines Mdchen klettert in ein Spielhaus aus Holz.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd steht auf einer Leiter und putzt ein Fenster.
Zwei Mnner stehen am Herd und bereiten Essen zu.
Ein Mann in grn hlt eine Gitarre, whrend der andere Mann sein Hemd ansieht.
Ein Mann lchelt einen ausgestopften Lwen an.
Ein schickes Mdchen spricht mit dem Handy whrend sie langsam die Strae entlangschwebt.
Eine Frau mit einer groen Geldbrse geht an einem Tor vorbei.
Jungen tanzen mitten in der Nacht auf Pfosten.
Eine Ballettklasse mit fnf Mdchen, die nacheinander springen.
Vier Typen, von denen drei Hte tragen und einer nicht, springen oben in einem Treppenhaus.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein gefleckter Hund kmpfen.
Ein Mann in einer neongrnen und orangefarbenen Uniform fhrt auf einem grnen Traktor.
Mehrere Frauen warten in einer Stadt im Freien.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Oberteil und Brille streut Puderzucker auf einem Gugelhupf.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt vor einem groen gemalten Regenbogen.
Ein Mann liegt auf der Bank, an die auch ein weier Hund angebunden ist.
Fnf Personen sitzen mit Instrumenten im Kreis.
Eine Gruppe lterer Frauen spielt zusammen Klarinette von Notenblttern.
Ein groes Bauwerk ist kaputt gegangen und liegt auf einer Fahrbahn.
Eine groe Menschenmenge steht auen vor dem Eingang einer Metrostation.
Ein Mann, der ein Tattoo auf seinem Rcken erhlt.
Zwei Kinder sitzen auf einer kleinen Wippe im Sand.
Ein Mann, der eine reflektierende Weste und einen Schutzhelm trgt, hlt eine Flagge in die Strae.
Eine Person in einem blauen Mantel steht auf einem belebten Gehweg und betrachtet ein Gemlde einer Straenszene.
Ein Mann in grnen Hosen luft die Strae entlang.
Das kleine Kind klettert an roten Seilen auf einem Spielplatz.
Du weit, dass ich aussehe wie Justin Bieber.
Ein junger Mann in einer schwarz-gelben Jacke blickt etwas an und lchelt.
Ein Mann, der mit einer Tasse Kaffee an einem Urinal steht.
Fnf gehende Personen mit einem mehrfarbigen Himmel im Hintergrund.
Ein alter Mann, der allein ein Bier trinkt.
Ein geschulter Polizeihund sitzt neben dem Hundefhrer vor dem Polizeitransporter.
Eine Person fhrt auf einer verschneiten Strae Fahrrad.
Fnf Mnner, die alle weie Hemden, Krawatten und schwarze Freizeithosen tragen, unterhalten sich hinter einem Lieferwagen.
Ein Mann mit einem nach hinten gerichteten Hut arbeitet an Maschinen.
Eine schwarze Frau und ein weier Mann arbeiten in einer Fabrikumgebung und packen Glser mit Kerzen in Kartons.
Ein asiatischer Mann kehrt den Gehweg.
Ein Mann lehnt sich in ein Auto, um mit dem Fahrer zu reden, whrend ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad zusieht.
Zwei Kleinkinder im Freien auf dem Gras.
Leute sehen einer Person in einem seltsamen Fahrzeug auf einem Platz zu.
Ein Mann geht an einem silbernen Fahrzeug vorbei.
Eine schne Braut geht auf einem Gehweg mit ihrem neuen Ehemann.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt bei McDonald's GameCube.
Ein weier Hund schttelt sich am Rande eines Strands mit einem orangefarbenen Ball.
Eine Gruppe von Personen, die im Park grillen.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille legt seinen Arm um eine Frau in einer schwarz-weien Bluse.
Ein Mann mit einem Luftballonhut und Leute, die im Freien an Picknicktischen essen.
Ein Junge, der whrend eines Taekwondo-Wettbewerbs einen Sprungtritt ber drei Kinder macht und dabei auf Holz tritt.
Ein Junge in einer roten Jacke, der Wasser auf einen Mann in einem weien Hemd giet.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Jacke, der sich vor der Sonne schtzt und versucht, ein Stck Papier zu lesen.
Mnner, die eine Strae mit Kindern entlang laufen.
Ein kleiner Junge, der auf der Strae steht, whrend ein Mann in einem Overall an einer Steinwand arbeitet.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt ber einen Baumstamm.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug rennt an zwei anderen Herren vorbei, die auch einen Anzug tragen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd, der mit dem Fahrrad um Wasser herum fhrt.
Ein Mann, der barfu ist, olivgrne kurze Hosen trgt, auf einem kleinen Propangasgrill Hotdogs grillt und gleichzeitig eine blaue Kunststofftasse hlt.
Ein Hund rennt im Schnee.
Eine Menschenmenge steht und wartet, bis die Ampel grn wird.
Mann auf Skiern, das zu verkaufende Kunstwerke im Schnee betrachtet.
Sieben Kletterer klettern eine Felswand hoch, whrend ein anderer Mann dasteht und das Seil hlt.
Der gelenkige Krper des jungen Turners schwebt ber dem Schwebebalken.
Ein Junge schiebt ein Spielzeug-Gelndefahrzeug um einen Gummi-Pool.
Eine Frau in einer roten Windjacke, die ber ein auf einem Dach installiertes Fernrohr auf die darunterliegende Stadt blickt.
Ein Mann steht vor einem kleinen roten Objekt, das wie ein Flugzeug aussieht.
Ein Hund spielt mit einem Schlauch.
Ein Mann und ein kleines Mdchen posieren glcklich vor ihrem Einkaufswagen im Supermarkt.
Ein weier Hund ist kurz davor, ein gelbes Hundespielzeug zu fangen.
Ein Kerl in einem grnen Hemd, dessen Hand einen Teil seines Gesichts bedeckt, in einer Nische im Restaurant.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund spring zu einem gelben Spielzeug hoch.
Zwei Wanderer machen bei einem Stckchen Schnee Pause.
Ein Mann fhrt seine neue hlzerne Kreation vor.
Ein lterer Vater und sein erwachsener Sohn bereiten sich auf einen Camping-Ausflug in der Wildnis vor.
Ein Reisender mit Bart in einem roten Hemd, der in einem Auto sitzt und eine Karte liest.
Ein Junge winkt einer Ente im Wasser zu, umgeben von einer Grnanlage.
Ein Paar sitzt mit Baby und Sportwagen im Gras.
Ein paar Mnner stehen vor einem Gebude neben einem parkenden Auto.
Der schwarze Hund rennt durch das Wasser.
Ein Mann bohrt durch das gefrorene Eis eines Teichs.
Zwei groe lohfarbene Hunde spielen an einem sandigen Strand.
Eine Person in blau und rot, die mit zwei Pickeln eisklettert.
Drei Personen, die auf einem Pfad in einer Wiese gehen.
Ein Mann in Schwarz schaufelt Schnee auf die Strae und ignoriert dabei die ffentliche Sicherheit.
Ein Paar steht hinter seiner Hochzeitstorte.
Ein nasser schwarzer Hund trgt ein grnes Spielzeug durch das Gras.
Dorfbewohner verkaufen ihre Ernte auf dem Markt.
In einem vollen Konzert nhert sich ein Mann dem Hauptsnger, der ein gelbes Hemd trgt.
Ein Junge springt auf seinem Skateboard, und eine Menschenmenge sieht zu.
Ein Mann und ein Baby befinden sich in einem gelben Kajak auf dem Wasser.
Zwei Personen sitzen auf einer Bank, und eine Frau steht neben ihnen.
Eine Baustelle auf einer Strae mit drei arbeitenden Mnnern.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank und reden, im Hintergrund eine Reklameflche mit Werbung fr Brillen.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher geht die Strae entlang und schwenkt Fahnen, die das Farbspektrum zeigen.
Drei alte Mnner sehen einem anderen Mann zu, wie er Fisch zubereitet.
Eine Frau einem einem weien Pullunder mit einem grnen, wallenden Rock ein Lied singend auf der Bhne.
Zwei Mnner und zwei Frauen, die auf Treppenstufen im Freien sitzen.
Ein brauner und ein schwarzer Labrador im Freien, wobei der schwarze Labrador ein Spielzeug in seinem Maul hat.
Junger mnnlicher Hockey-Goalie in roter Jacke duckt sich mit Stock beim Tor.
Der Mann mit dem Rucksack sitzt im Hof eines Gebudes vor einer Skulptur und liest.
Mnnliches Kleinkind in einem roten Hut, das sich an einem Gelnder festhlt.
Drei Hunde stehen auf einer Wiese und eine Person kniet in der Nhe.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Hochhaus.
Eine Frau fhrt ihr Baby in einem Sportwagen im rtlichen Park spazieren.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd sitzt neben Obst, das zu verkaufen ist.
Ein blondhaariger Junge und ein dunkelhaariges Mdchen essen an einem Kindertisch.
Der Junge isst sein Essen drauen am Tisch.
Ein Mann in Schwarz spielt auf einem Konzert eine Elektrogitarre.
Ein Mdchen, das Softball spielt, schlgt den Ball fast senkrecht nach unten.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd spielt eine schwarze Gitarre.
Ein Mann, der ein schwarzes Hemd trgt und in einer stdtischen Umgebung Beton glttet.
Eine Frau in einem weien Rock sitzt an einem Tisch in einem hbschen Restaurant.
Eine Frau liegt auf einer roten Decke in einem Park.
Ein einzelner Mann steht abends auf einer Brcke.
Ein Kind geht durch eine Wiese.
Ein Mann und sein Hund grillen grne Bohnen auf einem Grill.
Drei Personen machen auf einem Felsvorsprung ber den Bergen Rast.
Viele Menschen berqueren eine sehr hohe Fubrcke mit einem baumbewachsenen Hgel im Hintergrund.
Ein Junge blickt auf eine Ansammlung von Schlauchbooten.
Zwei kleine Mdchen und ein alter Mann unterhalten sich.
Ein asiatischer Mann und eine blonde Frau, die Hndchen halten, im Freien, ein Mann im Hintergrund sieht zu.
Ein lterer Mann mit grauem Haar, der in einem Stuhl sitzt und ein groes Instrument aus Bambus spielt.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd fhrt auf einer belebten Strae Fahrrad.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Leiter und malt Ziegel.
Ein Mann in den Dreiigern spielt in einer U-Bahn mit seinem Telefon.
Zwei Frauen gehen ber einen Fugngerbergang mit einem Bus im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten isst Nudeln.
Eine Frau in der Nhe des Meeres trgt eine Schale voller Obst auf ihrer Hand.
Ein Typ, der blau trgt, in einem Loch.
Vier Kinder lcheln, whrend sie zusammen mit einem Fahrrad posieren, das viel zu gro fr sie ist.
Zwei Personen, eine mnnlich und eine weiblich, stehen in einem Waldgebiet um eine Wanne herum.
Ein schlafenden Baby liegt jemandem im Arm und trgt ein Outfit mit rosafarbenen Streifen.
Ein Mitglied eines afrikanischen Stamms in Stammeskleidung blickt konzentriert in die Kamera.
Ein Samurai-Krieger ganz in Schwarz auf einer bungsmatte im Freien nimmt sein Schwert aus der Scheide.
Mehrere junge Leute sitzen auf einem Gelnder ber einem berfllten Strand.
Fnf Wanderer, von denen einer in Richtung Kamera blickt und die anderen von der Kamera weg, gehen durch ein steiniges Flussbett.
Ein Wachmann steht neben einer beleuchteten Metallskulptur.
Zwei Frauen, eine in Grn und die andere in Violett, die einen Gehsteig abwaschen.
Zwei Mdchen ducken sich vor ein paar Bschen und sprechen in ihre Telefone.
Ein junges Mdchen, das mehrfarbig gekleidet ist, einen orangefarbenen Ball in der rechten Hand trgt und hinter einem Haus durch leuchtend grnes Gras geht.
Ein kleines Kind liegt auf dem Boden und spielt mit einem Spielzeug.
Ein kleiner Junge fhrt ein Kunststck auf seinem Skateboard aus, whrend ein anderer junger Skateboarder zusieht.
Zwei Kinder im Gras lachen.
Eine junge Frau, die eine Flasche hlt, streckt von einer Bank aus ihre Hand aus, um einem Mann die Hand zu schtteln.
Ein Fahrer kommuniziert mit seinem Walkie-Talkie.
Ein Mdchen, das einen groen Fluss hinunterpaddelt, von hinten gesehen.
Ein Mdchen mit Zpfen spielt im Wasser.
Ein Paar mit weien Pullovern sitzt an einem Restauranttisch.
In einem Restaurant steht eine Mahlzeit auf dem Tisch.
Zwei Bauarbeiter sitzen auf einem Stahlbalken.
Ein Kind, das strahlend einen Teig in einer Schssel rhrt.
Zwei Kinder spielen an einem sonnigen Tag mit einem Luftballon im Matsch.
Ein kleines Mdchen blickt auf eine Broschre ber Zugfahrten.
Zwei Frauen sitzen, reden und lachen zusammen.
Leute, die zusammen auf einem Fuweg im Park joggen.
Ein kleines Kind springt von einem Sprungturm am  hohen Brett am Schwimmbecken.
Ein hell gefrbter Hund rennt am Strand.
Ein Mann rkelt sich in einem hlzernen Wasserbehlter und isst Obst.
Ein Mann schlft auf einer Bank in der Nhe einer Bushaltestelle.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem roten Oberteil und Jeans klettert auf einen kleinen Baum, whrend ein anderes Mdchen zusieht.
Ein schlafender Mann in einem fahrenden Auto.
Eine Frau in einem roten Oberteil, befindet sich unter einer Decke in einem Fahrzeug und schlft.
Ein Mann in einer Wohnungskche wirft einen Pfannkuchen sehr hoch.
Mehrere Feuerwehrleute reagieren auf einen Alarm.
Mehrere Feuerwehrleute stehen vor einem Gebude in der Nhe ihrer Lschfahrzeuge.
Ein Strand mit blauen und roten Booten und Leuten am Ufer.
Mnner mit Schutzhelmen und Schutzwesten arbeiten.
Ein Zeitungsverkufer sitzt hinter einer sehr farbenfrohen Zusammenstellung von Zeitschriften.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm trgt ein blaues Hemd und einen Jeanslatzhose.
In der Bckerei schlft der dicke alte Bcker, whrend der Lehrling neben ihm sitzt und sich das Mehl aus den Augen reibt.
Eine Gruppe Mnner mit nacktem Oberkrper sitzt an einem tropischen Strand im Schatten.
Ein junge in blauen Badehosen am Strand.
Ein Skifahrer blickt auf einen schneebedeckten Berg.
Ein Junge, der eine rotes Hemd trgt, fhrt neben einem Erdhgel Fahrrad.
Zweiradfahrer in einem Rennen biegen scharf nach links ab.
Drei Jungen spielen und fahren Fahrrad mit einem Sandhgel in der Mitte.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem Stock beugt sich in der Nhe eines Mannes und einer Frau vor.
Ein Arzt und Pflegekrfte in blauer Arbeitskleidung fhren eine Operation durch.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund spring nach einem gelben Spielzeug.
Ein flauschiger Hund rennt am Strand einem Dobermann hinterher.
Ein Mann steht da, nachdem er eine Bowlingkugel auf eine Bahn geworfen hat.
Ein alter wettergegerbter Mann mit Bart, der ganz in Schwarz gekleidet ist, reitet auf einem schnen weien Esel auf weien Felsen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die auf einer blauen Couch ein Schlfchen machen.
Ein Mann, der ein gelbes Hemd trgt, wirft einen Speer auf eine Bahn.
Eine Menschenmenge betrachtet nachts Ballons.
Eine Frau, die einer andere Frau ber die Schulter sieht, um eine Zeitschrift zu lesen.
Zwei Mnner gehen in die Hocke, um in der Nacht Kerzen anzuznden.
Ein junger Mann geht durch eine belebte Strae neben einem Einkaufszentrum.
Der kleine Junge fhrt Fahrrad in einem Rennen.
Eine Gruppe sitzt in einem verdunkelten Raum an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann mit zwei Hunden an einem Strand.
Ein von Seifenschaum bedeckter Junge bekommt das Gesicht abgewischt.
Dutzende von Leuten feiern auf einem Boot.
Eine junge Frau auf einem Boot in einem hellen Bikini tritt einen Mann, der einen Cowboy-Hut aus Stroh trgt.
Ein Junge rutscht eine Rutsche mit farbigen Rohren in ein Schwimmbecken herunter.
Ein Mann in einem Taucheranzug wirft ein Krabbelkind in die Luft und ist bereit, es aufzufangen.
Eine Gruppe fhrt hinten auf einem Lkw mit, eine lndliche Strae entlang.
Zwei Kche bereiten in einer Restaurantkche Hamburger zu.
Zwei Jungen schneiden Grimassen.
Eine Person mit braunen Hosen sitzt neben einem eingezunten Bereich, in dem Funken fliegen.
Frau auf einem Hgel neben einem weien Kreuz, die auf einen Strand blickt.
Vier Mdchen sitzen im Gras, und mehrere Mnner stehen in ihrer Nhe.
Arbeitende Mnner schaufeln Schnee von einem Gleis.
Ein Mann, ein Mdchen und zwei Pferde befinden sich in der Nhe eines eingedmmten Feuers.
Arbeiter mit Warnwesten, die in der Nhe eines Zugwaggons arbeiten.
Ein lterer Typ blickt auf einen klassischen schlichten Volkswagen Kfer.
Eine Frau baut auf dem Gehweg einen weien Metallrahmen zusammen.
Drei Hunde starren auf einen Ball in ihrer Mitte.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und eine Frau sitzen auf einem Dock.
Mnner in Schutzwesten arbeiten auf einem Gleis.
Ein Mann, der die Strae mit seiner Maschine ausbessert.
Eine Frau mit rtlichem Haar trgt Mascara auf ihre Wimpern auf.
Ein weier Hund hat seinen Kopf auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau in blauen Shorts und einem weien Hemd klettert in einer Halle.
Viele Motorroller sind zusammen auf dem Gehweg geparkt.
Der Polizeihubschrauber des rtlichen Parks bereitet sich auf die Landung vor.
Ein Mann in einer Warnweste bringt sich auf einem Gerst in Position.
Eine aus vierzehn Personen bestehende Gruppe ist in einer Halle mit Esstischen und einer Bhne versammelt.
Ein mnnlicher Teenager springt auf einer aufblasbaren Rutsche.
Eine Familie spielt an einem schnen Tag auf einem Traktor.
Eine ltere Frau brt in einer Kche etwas in der Pfanne an.
Eine extravagante jungen Frau in einem roten Bikini und einem roten Feder-Kopfschmuck kommt auf zwei junge Leute zu.
Zwei Skifahrer machen sich auf den Weg durch Waldland.
Skifahrer oben auf einem schneebedeckten Hgel.
Ein brauner Hund, der neben Gras rennt.
Eine Frau in grnem Oberteil und Jeans kniet auf einer offenen Veranda mit einem Kaffee in der Hand, neben ihr ihre Handtasche und hinter ihr eine groe Tr, whrend sie Formulare ausfllt.
An einer Kreuzung berqueren mehrere Personen die Strae.
Eine Frau, die lilafarben gekleidet ist und ein Mieder trgt, faltet die Hnde in ihrem Scho.
Eine Mutter und Kinder fischen nachts an einer hlzernen Strandpromenade.
Sechs mnnliche Personen spielen ein Spiel im Sand mit hlzernen Paddeln.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Pullunder ist von drei Kindern umgeben und lacht.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und schwarzen Hosen, der auf dem Motor eines alten, grnen, antiken Autos arbeitet, whrend ein gelber Benzinkanister im Gras steht.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke, die in Wassernhe ein braunes Pony reitet.
Zwei Pferde ziehen einen von einer Frau gelenkten Wagen ber einen schneebedeckten Untergrund.
Eine Person klettert eine steile Felswand herunter und verwendet dazu ein Seil.
Die Wandergruppe macht vor einem Berg Rast.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Kalkstein und malt.
Drei junge Erwachsenen sitzen herum, wobei eine junge Frau so tut, als ob sie einem der jungen Mnner ins Gesicht tritt und dabei lacht, und der junge Mann hinter sieht aus, als ob er gerade mitten im Satz ist.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern im Unterricht, die sich zu Wort melden.
Ein Mann, der eine Badehose trgt, springt von einer Betonplattform aus in eine groes Gewsser.
Eine Frau, die mit der Nhmaschine przise arbeitet.
Eine Dame in einem weien T-Shirt blickt zu der Person, die ihren Arm in die Luft streckt.
Ein Mdchen, das auf einer Farm arbeitet und Paprika verkauft.
Eine ltere Frau, die in einem Stuhl sitzt, mit einem Stock in ihrer Hand.
Ein Junge auf dem Rasen hat vier Blasen geblasen.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt im Wasser.
Ein Hund rennt auf der Hindernisstrecke aus dem Tunnel heraus.
Ein gelber Hund und ein schwarz-weier Hund rennen auf dem Erdboden.
Zwei Mnner, die am Strand grillen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Badeanzug mit Blumenaufdruck springt ins Meer.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem blauen Badeanzug, das an einem Gelnder in der Nhe eines Strands steht.
Ein asiatischer Junge sitzt auf einem Gelnder hinter einer Reihe farbenfroher Hte.
Ein weier und ein schwarzer Hund springen in einen Pool.
Der Junge lcheln unter Wasser im Schwimmbad.
Zwei Leute, die in einem Restaurant sitzen, diskutieren.
Mehrere Leute auf einer Schneemobil-Tour machen eine Pause.
Zwei Personen arbeiten daran, den Schnee von einem Dach zu entfernen.
Ein junger Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd nimmt einen Klappstuhl von einem groen Stapel.
Eine Frau luft in der Dmmerung eine stdtische Strae entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit braunen Haaren blst auf die Bltenbltter einer Blume.
Drei Leute vor einem Gelndewagen.
Ein Mann auf einem Allradfahrzeug fliegt durch die Luft.
Ein Mann auf einem Allradfahrzeug springt in der Nhe eines kleinen Gebudes.
Eine Frau mit dunklen Haaren, die einen Bikini trgt, sitzt an einem Strand.
Zwei Hnde geben mit einem Spachtel etwas Essbares in eine Eisenpfanne.
Zwei Frauen, die sich auf einer eingezunten Wiese umarmen, mit dem Hinterteil einer Kuh im Hintergrund.
Ein groes Schiff, das auf das Dock zu fhrt, wo zwei Mnner seine Ankunft erwarten.
Ein Mann in Sandalen und weier Jacke sitzt auf einer grnen Bank uns spricht am Handy.
Ein Mann auf der Bhne singt in ein Mikrophon.
Drei Mnner reiten auf einem Elefanten mit haushnlichen Gebuden und Bumen im Hintergrund.
Ein mexikanischer Mann sitzt unter der Motorhaube seines Lkws.
Ein Junge mit einer gelben Brille und ein rothaariges Mdchen posieren fr die Kamera.
Eine Menschengruppe sammelt sich und hlt verschieden Fahnen.
Ein weies mnnliches Baby weint wegen eines umgekippten Spielzeugs.
Ein kleiner Junge auf einem Fuballplatz trgt einen Fuball.
Eine Frau sieht zu, wie ein Mann Eis aus einem Gefriergert absticht.
Eine Gruppe sitzt auf Hockern und isst etwas.
Menschen stehen um eine ausgebreitete amerikanische Fahne herum, die in die falsche Richtung zeigt.
Ein Mdchen malt ein Bild.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt auf einer kurvigen Strae einen Hgel hinauf.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer Jeansjacke rennt durch ein Feld.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd und blauen Hosen, der auf den Daumen einer seiner Hnde blickt und in der anderen Hand Glser hlt.
Ein kssendes Paar im Aufzug.
Ein Fuballspieler in grnem Fuballdress mit einem Ball in seinen Hnden wird von einem seiner Teamkollegen aufgehalten, whrend ein Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft in Rot nach dem Ball greift.
Mnner bauen eine Wand in der Wste.
Ein Gruppe von Freunden mit Gesichtsfarbe und Federstirnbndern sitzt auf einer Bank.
Die Dame hat eine schwarze Umhngetasche.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Jackett steht vor einer Gruppe von Menschen.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt, um ein Seilspielzeug zu fangen.
Ein junges Mdchen blickt durch eine altmodische Videokamera.
Ein Mdchen in komischer Kleidung sitzt auf einer hlzernen Veranda und liest eine Broschre.
Ein Mann in einem flippigen Outfit spielt Gitarre.
Ein Hockey-Goalie versucht, ein Tor des gegnerischen Teams zu verhindern.
Ein Erwachsener und ein Kind gehen tagsber am Strand entlang.
Ein Mann in einer Schrze sitzt auf einer Bordsteinkante.
Ein braun-weier Hund springt hoch, um eine Frisbee-Scheibe zu fangen, whrend Zuschauer zusehen.
Zwei Tennisspieler sprechen in einer Tennisanlage.
Zwei Jongleure mit Fackeln geben eine Vorfhrung fr eine dichte Menschenmenge, die auf Stufen sitzt.
Zwei Kinder rennen, ohne Schuhe zu tragen.
Ein Baby sitzt auf glatten Steinen und spielt mit ihnen.
Ein Junge mit einer Gap-Hut macht ein dummes Gesicht.
Fnf Mnner, von denen einer ein weies Hemd trgt, die auf etwas stehen und das Bild eines Kindes aufhngen.
Eine Person mit Hut, die mit einem Jungen am Strand spielt.
Ein Mdchen in grnem Speedo-Oberteil und blauer Schutzbrille hlt unter Wasser den Atem an.
Jungen auf einem Motorroller fahren eine vielbefahrene stdtische Strae entlang.
Zwei Damen und ein Mann, die ein Kartenspiel spielen und Bier trinken.
Leute genieen eine Zusammenkunft mit Pabst Blue Ribbon und Diet Coke.
Ein Mann mit roten Schuhen, weiem Hemd und grauen Hosen, der klettert.
Ein Kletterer klettert einen groen Felsen hoch.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das im Wasser auf einer Froschskulptur spielt.
Ein Hund rennt am Strand.
Menschen, die im Restaurant sitzen und essen, und einer liest die Zeitung.
Ein Mdchen, das rote Shorts und ein weies Oberteil trgt und durch ein Loch blickt.
Ein schwarz-weier Vogel, der jemandem auf der Hand steht, der Sonnenblumenkerne hlt.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil und rosafarbenen Rock ist kurz davor, einen Tennisball zu schlagen.
Ein Hund steht im Sand.
Dies ist ein Mann, der auf einem Dach steht, mit Bauarbeiten im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann blickt durch ein groes, kamerahnliches Gert in ein Feld in der Nhe eines Wohnmobils und einiger geparkter Fahrzeuge.
Ein kleiner Junge steht in der Brandung.
Eine Frau mit muslimischer Bekleidung luft mit einem Jungen die Strae entlang.
Der kleine Hund rennt ber den Rasen.
Eine Frau joggt auf einem Gehweg neben einer erhhten grasbewachsenen Plattform.
Ein Mann in roten Hosen, der auf einen Parktisch springt.
Ein Hund mit offenem Maul, der durch ein Feld auf die Kamera zu rennt.
Ein lchelndes kleines Mdchen, das in einem Pool im Freien schwimmt.
Ein Motorrad in einer Strae, an das ein Seil gebunden ist, und ein Mann, der auf dem Seil geht.
Ein Mann und ein Kind auf einem Schiff bei Wartungsarbeiten.
Ein Kleinkind, das auf einem Bett Handstand macht.
Mnner mit orangefarbenen Schutzwesten fhren Straenreparaturen durch.
Ein Mann mit einer Schutzweste kniet sich hin und reinigt die Ziegel.
Arbeiter fhren Reparaturen auf einer stdtischen Strae durch.
Ein Mann steht auf weiem Sand und hlt ein Snowboard.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Weste steht oben auf einem Gebude.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd und hellbraunen Hosen spielt Gold, whrend die Menschenmenge zusieht.
Ein Mdchen in einem Karateanzug hlt eine groe Trophe.
Ein Kind mit Schwimmflgeln, das in einen See springt.
Eine Frau ein Rosa schneidet einen Hamburger mit einem Bratenwender.
Ein Junge in einem schmutzigen Hemd geht durch knietiefes Meerwasser.
Ein Mann, der neben dem Rcken einer Aktskulptur steht.
Ein wei gekleidetes Kleinkind lchelt, whrend eine Dame ihm hilft, eine Flagge zu schwenken.
Eine Person steht auf einem Bauwerk auf dem See.
Ein junger Mann in einer grauen Jacke steht hinter der Theke eines Juweliergeschfts und lchelt.
Leute gehen die Treppe zu einer Kirche auf und ab.
Einige Kinder vergngen sich am  Strand einer Stadt.
Eine Frau arbeitet im Freien in der Nhe des Ozeans.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten mit Handwerkzeugen an einem Zimmereiprojekt.
Eine Frau und zwei Mdchen, die rosa gekleidet sind.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug und mit Brieftasche eilt irgendwo hin, whrend er am Handy spricht.
Eine brnette Frau, die mit einer Tasse die Strae entlang geht.
Ein glatzkpfiger kleiner Junge hlt ein Huhn, im Hintergrund sitzen zwei Mnner.
Ein Mann, der auf einer Wand sitzt und aufs Wasser blickt.
Zwei Hunde rennen mit einem Seil im Maul durch das Wasser.
Ein Junge schlendert in einem Park an einem Teich vorbei.
Ein blondes Kind mit groem schwarzem Mantel, mehrfarbigem Schal und Strickmtze steht vor einem Fenster.
Ein brauner Hund mit einem Tennisball im Mund, in Wasser und Bschen.
Zwei brauen Hunden rennen durch das Wasser.
Ein Mdchen macht im Schwimmbad Blasen.
Ein Haufen Algen liegt auf dem Sand, dahinter rennt ein groer schwarzer Hund ins Wasser.
Ein Junge rennt in weien Sandalen.
Ein braun-weier Hund steht im Freien, whrend es schneit.
Jemand arbeitet mit einer Dekupiersgemaschine an einem Projekt.
Das Rollschuhderby-Team einer Frau bei einer Pause.
Ein Junge springt von einem Bett zum anderen.
Ein Mann, der ein gelbes Hemd trgt und in der Mitte von zwei Betten steht, auf denen im Hintergrund ein Junge springt.
Ein junger Mann hlt eine riesige Kettensge.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad ohne Hemd und ein anderer Mann, der im Schatten steht.
Drei Personen betreten ein Gebude mit einen handgeschriebenen Schild, auf dem steht Welcome Bikers.
Ein Mann stellt eine Wand auf.
Eine braunhaarige Frau blickt auf ein Baby, das etwas isst.
Eine Reihe von Menschen, einige stehend und einige sitzend, warten auf einem Bahnsteig auf einen Zug.
Zwei Skifahrer stehen, zwei sitzen auf Bschungen.
Leute schlendern in einem Einkaufszentrum, in dem bunte Dekorationen von der Decke hngen.
Eine Schmiedin beschlgt ein Pferd.
Das Kind im grnen Einteiler luft an einem Ladenfenster vorber.
Eine Mdchengruppe jubelt.
Ein Mann ist in einem Lastwagen und schaut heraus, sein linker Arm vor einer Tr.
Ein Kind, das auf dem Auto kommt und Fuballschuhe trgt.
Ein weier, junger Mann mit Dreadlocks und einem grnen Kilt sitzt auf einer Couch und lchelt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd ksst eine Frau mit blonden Haaren auf die Wange.
Ein Mann und eine Frau posieren fr die Kamera und sehen zusammen sehr glcklich aus.
Zwei Kinder spielen in einem Park auf dem Pfad.
Ein sehr farbenfroher Bus steht am Straenrand, whrend die Passagiere zusteigen.
Eine lchelnde Frau hlt eine Person, die ein Schweinekostm trgt.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Helm fhrt auf einem Parkplatz Fahrrad.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem grnen Kleid steht vor einer Pftze.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm fhrt mit dem Fahrrad die Strae entlang.
Ein Junge und ein lterer Mann, die aufs Auschecken warten.
Zwei Personen stehen beieinander, blicken ber die Schlucht und lassen den Anblick auf sich wirken.
Eine Dame, die einen Helm trgt und ein Fahrrad hlt.
Ein junger Mann, der vor einem roten Gterwaggon steht, eine Kamera hlt und ein Foto macht.
Eine Person in blauen Shorts, die einen Walkman trgt, joggt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau spielen auf einem Baum, whrend andere zusehen.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen ist in einer Werkstatt.
Drei Mnner blicken auf ein Zeichen auf einem Kreuz in einer Schlucht.
Eine junge Dame sitzt vor einem Zaun mit einem Eimer.
Die Frau versucht, sich unter einem schwarzen Sweatshirt vor der Arbeit zu verstehen, aber ihre roten Cordhosen verraten sie.
Ein junger Mann, der mit einer Brste eine Statue reinigt.
Zwei junge Mnner halten Lappen in ihren Hnden, whrend ihnen ein lterer Mann erklrt, wie sie das groe Kreuz reinigen sollen.
Eine Frau sitzt einem Mann auf den Schultern und benutzt eine schwere Brste als Hammer.
Eine Gruppe stellt in der Nhe eines groen Felsblocks ein Holzkreuz auf.
Ein Junge hebt einen Pinsel auf und grinst.
Vier Mnner in weien Hemden und Baseballmtzen sitzen um einen Tisch.
Ein Junge blickt auf einen zerkleinerten Baumstamm.
Ein Mann mit grauem Haar erzhlt einer Gruppe jngerer Leute auf einer Bank eine Geschichte.
Zwei Personen stehen in einem Feld und halten ein paar Bcher.
Eine Person neben einer schwarzen Mlltonne, die einen Skateboard-Flip macht.
Ein Mann, der auf einer Eisenbahnschiene steht und durch sein Fernglas auf einen Fluss blickt.
Zahlreiche Menschen, die in der Nhe einer Strohhtte auf dem Boden sitzen.
Ein Kind in einem Anzug spielt so etwas wie Fuball.
Personen auf Fahrrdern, die an einer Kreuzung warten.
Ein Bauarbeiter baut ein Gerst fr seine Arbeit.
Ein kleines Baby, das in Grn und Gelb gekleidet ist und einen Latz trgt, weint.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper fhrt ein Pferd, das einen Wagen zieht.
Ein Mann, der ohne Hemd im Freien steht und zu dem Gebude hochblickt.
Das Mdchen schaukelt an einem schnen Sommertag hoch ber dem Boden.
Ein junger Mann fhrt von einer Betonbank aus eine Skateboard-Nummer vor.
Der Mann hlt das Netz fr den Jungen, der Baseball spielt.
Ein lterer Mann geht in die Hocke, um die Abdeckung des Grills hochzuheben, wo mehrere Shish Kebabs gegrillt werden.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und Brille rennt die Strae entlang.
Ein aus fnf Personen bestehendes OP-Team in einem Krankenhaus ist kurz davor, eine Operation durchzufhren.
Ein Junge, der am Strand steht und einen blauen Pfosten und eine grne Schaufel hlt.
Ein kleines Mdchen dreht sich in den Wellen in der hellen Sonne.
Drei Personen mit langen Hosen sitzen im Freien auf kleinen Steinen hinter einem groen Busch.
Ein Mann mit einer Mistgabel steht bei einem Eimer mit Zweigen gegenber einem Apartmentkomplex.
Ein Platzwart hat einen Eimer voller Stcke gesammelt.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund, der in die Kamera blickt, mit einem gebckten Mann im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit Hosentrgern, der auf einem Zug steht.
Zwei Mnner und zwei Frauen bereiten in der Kche ein groes Essen zu.
Ein Mdchen, das im Zoo etwas ber Tiere lernt.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden, die von der Laderampe aus fischen.
Eine Mutter und ein Sohn lesen zusammen ein Buch ber Dinosaurier.
Zwei Frauen, die an einem Tisch sitzen, mit einem grnen Strohhalm in einem Getrnk.
Ein kleiner Junge in Latzhosen, der schreit.
Drei Mnner richten auf einer verschneiten Ebene einen Schlitten.
Eine Person sitzt hinter zwei groen Brotkrben.
Ein Mann in einer Pilotenuniform geht mit Gepck den Brgersteig entlang.
Leute gehen in der Nhe eines schnen Gehfts einen Fluss entlang.
Eine Schwimmerin mit Bademtze und Nasenklemmen, die sich langsam durch das Wasser bewegt, von oben gesehen.
Vier sitzende Mnner arbeiten an Laptops.
Ein Mann mit Baseballkappe reinigt im Freien eine blaue Grube, ber ihm hngen bunte Weihnachtslichter.
Ein Mdchen schlft mit einer Babypuppe mit Prinzessinnenkostm.
Eine weibliche Person wscht ihren mittelgroen Hund im Freien in einem Kunststoffbehlter, whrend ein Freund ihn an einer Leine sichert.
Ein Kind, das in eine Wasserlache springt.
Ein Kind in schwarzer Jacke, roten Hosen und Fellmtze schlft auf einer roten Jacke.
Der alte Mann mit dem braunen Hut sitzt auf der Bank.
Drei Kinder auf einer Wiese, von denen eines in der Tasche seiner Mutter nach etwas zu essen sucht.
Ein schwarzer Mann bedient einen orangefarbenen Kran.
Drei Mdchen gehen unter einer Laube einen von Bumen umgebenen Pfad entlang.
Ein Strand ist voller Menschen.
Menschen sammeln sich um ausgestellte Kleidung und andere Artikel und gehen daran vorbei.
Ein Mann, der ein Boot auf dem Fluss in der Nhe des Ufers mit Paddeln vorwrtsbewegt.
Zwei Frauen stehen zusammen und halten einen Topf und eine Pfanne mit Essen.
Ein junges Mdchen mit gelben Flipflops sitzt auf einem groen Findling.
Eine blonde Frau, die eine rote Fahrradkutsche fhrt, hlt die Spitze ihres Huts und posiert fr die Kamera, whrend ein Kunde im hinteren Teil der Kutsche sitzt.
Ein Junge in einer geblmten Schrze hilft seiner Mutter beim Kochen.
Ein junger Mann prsentiert einer anderen Frau einen Kuchen mit drei Kerzen darauf.
Die Frau mit dem Hut verkauft Obst und Wurzelgemse.
Eine Person mit Kapuzenjacke, die vor einem gelben Zelt im Schnee sitzt.
Zwei Hunde balgen sich auf einer Wiese.
Ein Mann mit einer Schutzweste kniet sich hin und arbeitet an einem Zug.
Fnf Bauarbeiter graben ein Loch, um einen Baum zu pflanzen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd gibt einem kleinen Hund Spielzeuge.
Eine alte Dame, die in einem Raum voller Blumen sitzt.
5 Athleten mit weien Tops und weien Hosen fhren einem Publikum etwas vor.
Bauarbeiter, die im Freien stehen, blicken auf die Leitungen ber ihnen.
Ein glcklicher Junge sitzt mit einer groen Elmo-Puppe in einem Stuhl.
Ein Kind brstet die Haare eines Suglings.
Ein junger Mann gibt gegenber einem berraschten Mdchen mit einer Karate-Bewegung an.
Ein Mann, der in einer unaufgerumten Kche isst.
Bei einem mnnlichen Teenager steht ein Ring von der Nase ab.
Dieser Mann lchelt sehr breit in die Kamera.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen spielt in einem Brunnen.
Eine Frau, die am Strand eine Frisbee-Scheibe wirft.
Der dunkelbraune und spielt mit dem hellbraunen Hund.
Ein Mann in Schutzausrstung schweit einen Stahlbalken.
Ein Mann in organgefarbenen kurzen Hosen baut einen Sandburg, wobei mehrere Bilder zu einem kombiniert sind, sodass er vier Mal zu sehen ist.
Zwei Mnner und ein Hund stehen in den Rolling Green Hills.
Eine Gruppe geht auf einer Strae vor einem AMC-Gebude entlang.
Eine weie mnnliche Person mit Brille macht in einem Haus eine Seifenblase.
Ein Erwachsener zeigt einem jungen Kind einen Fechtanzug, der auf einem Baum arrangiert ist.
Ein groer Hund fngt einen Ball auf seiner Nase.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen ganz in Schwarz spielen eine Szene vor einem Gebude mit Stufen.
Zwei Kinder in Jeans spritzen Wasser aufeinander.
Ein lohfarbener Hund spring in einen Pool im Freien.
Mehrere Personen sitzen im Kreis mit einem Buch in der Mitte.
Ein Paar, ein Mann und eine Frau, mit einem kleinen Mdchen, alle in Hochzeitskleidung, wie sie an der Uferlinie stehen.
Viele Leute, die unter einem Vordach aus rosafarbenen und weien Luftballons stehen.
Eine aus sechs Kindern in Badeanzgen bestehende Reihe, die bereit ist, in ein Schwimmbecken zu springen.
Zwei Bckereimitarbeiter mit roten Schrzen bereiten Essen zu.
Ein Kleinkind mit einer roten Mtze und eine Ente sind im Gras.
Eltern schieben kleine Kinder in roten Auto-Einkaufwagen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd bedient einen Bewsserungsschlauch, und ein andere Mann in einem braunen Hemd bewegt lzeug.
Drei Jungen, die Florida-Marlins-Kappen tragen.
Eine Familie, die vom Einkaufen zurckkommt, und ein Herr, der am Straenrand seine Zeitung liest.
Zwei Frauen, die sich beim Springen in der Luft an den Hnden halten.
Eine Frau trgt ein Kind auf dem Arm und hlt die Hand eines anderen Kindes, whrend sie neben einem Gebuden entlanggehen.
Ein Hund luft durch ein Feld.
Eine belebte Strae, wo viele Menschen herumstehen und sprechen und zwei Fahrrder halten.
Eine farbige Frau, die eine Bowlingkugel auf eine Bahn rollt.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem roten Dress rennt dem Ball nach und wehrt einen Spieler in Wei ab.
Eine Gruppe geht einen Pfad im Wald hinunter.
Drei Kinder spielen in einem Park mit einem roten Ball.
Ein Junge kickt einen Gummiball.
Dieses Bild eines lesenden Mannes ist schrg.
Ein Mann auf einer Leiter mit blauer Jacke und blauen Jeans
Drei Straenarbeiter in orangenen Jacken und Hosen machen mit einer Schubkarre sauber.
Ein Mann auf Stelzen steht vor eine Reihe von Trommlern.
Ein junger Mann, vermutlich Anfang zwanzig, fhrt stolz seine kulinarischen Knste vor.
Ein Terrier, der auf einer Decke mit einem Spielzeug spielt.
Ein Hund, der mit einem Stock im Maul ber eine Wiese rennt.
Ein Junge mit Brille und kariertem Hemd liest ein Buch.
Ein junger Mann in einer Waldgegend sieht sich ein Buch auf dem Boden an.
2 Mnner stehen in einer Reihe in einem Restaurant.
Mehrere Kinder sitzen auf einem Karussell vor dem Gesicht eines Clowns und mehrerer Luftballonimitate.
Eine Frau mit schmutzigen blonden Haaren und Brille schneidet etwas.
Ein Mann mit Schildkappe und blauem T-Shirt reitet ein weies Pferd auf einer unbefestigten Strae durch ppiges Grn.
Eine Frau im mittleren Alter, die kocht, whrend ihr Hund zusieht.
Eine rothaarige Frau mit Zpfen und Brille, die auf einer Nhmaschine nht.
Zwei Mnner in einem Raum, die auf einen Computerbildschirm blicken.
Ein grauen Hund rennt neben einem Schwimmbad entlang, whrend ein gelber Hund in das Schwimmbad springt.
Ein Kind rutscht auf einem Schlitten einen Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann und eine Frau (in teurer Kleidung), die sich neben einem Glasschaufenster (vielleicht Einzelhandel) auf dem Brgersteig in einer stdtischen Umgebung untergehakt haben.
Zwei Arbeiter leisten in einer Schmelzhtte harte Arbeit.
Eine alte Frau sitzt in einer Umsteigestation neben einer hinterleuchteten Werbung.
Leute warten vor einem Gebude neben einem Wandgemlde.
Drei Menschen schieben eine groe Maschine durch die Strae.
Ein Mann mit rmellosem Hemd und Schutzhelm.
Ein Mann mit einem Bart und einem Hut bettelt die Leute um Geld an.
Das Mdchen auf dem Einrad fasst nach dem Kind auf dem Roller.
Skifahrer bleiben auf der staubigen Piste hngen, fast fallen sie und brechen sich die Beine.
Ein Mann, der einen Kunststofflatz mit einer Krabbe darauf trgt, hlt einen Holzhammer hoch.
Ein Mann springt von einer kleinen Steinbrcke, whrend ihm drei Kinder und eine Frau zusehen.
Eine Person, die auf Beton-Anlegeplatz neben einem Gewsser sitzt.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre, whrend ein Paar zuhrt und einem anderen Mann zusieht, der zur Musik tanzt.
Ein paar Bauarbeiter, die eine Pause machen.
Eine Frau in einem grasgrnen Pullover spielt mit einer Drachenmarionette im Garten.
Viele Menschen, die an die Wnde von Gebuden angelehnt sitzen.
Ein Kind, das grne Schuhe hlt, geht im Sand neben dem Wasser entlang.
Ein Hochzeitstag mit der Braut in einem hellweien schnen Kleid
Eine Person, die eine violette Jacke trgt, steht hinter einem hohen Baum.
Kunden warten am Fenster eines Imbisses darauf, bedient zu werden.
Eine Frau in einem geblmten Oberteil und Handtasche und ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd gehen, whrend ein anderer Mann hinter ihnen geht.
Vogelperspektive eines Mannes, der eine Treppe im Freien hochsteigt.
Mnner und Frauen, die weie Bademtzen tragen und einander Huckepack nehmen.
Eine Familie sitzt drauen in einem Parkgebiet und lsst es sich gut gehen.
Eine brnette Frau sitzt in einem blauen Klappstuhl am Strand und liest.
Pendler beeilen sich, um den Sptzug zu erreichen.
Ein Baby und ein Kleinkind sitzen zusammen in einem Hochstuhl.
Eine Gruppe von Glubigen hlt in einem ffentlichen Park einen Gottesdienst ab.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Computerbildschirm, hlt eine Tastatur und blickt in die Kamera.
Ein Kind liegt auf einer Holzbank.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd, weien Hosen und Sonnenschild schwingt, umgeben von Zuschauern, einen Golfschlger.
Zwei Mnner diskutieren irgendwann in der Nhe einer Wand mit Graffiti.
Einige Personen mit schwarzen Grteln, oder schwarzen und roten Grteln, praktizieren Kampfsport auf einer grnen Matte.
Eine Kampfsportschlerin fhrt etwas mit einer Waffe vor, whrend andere zusehen.
Mehrere junge Erwachsene, die in Kampfsportkleidung etwas vorfhren.
Eine junge Frau sitzt bei einem Verkaufsstand, an dem es angeblich Eis und Programme gibt.
Ein Junge posiert fr ein Bild, und im Hintergrund hngt ein Mann an einem Seil.
Zwei Personen sitzen und haben ihren Rcken Zuckerwatte zugewandt.
Ein Mdchen in einem gelben Kleid, der die Sonne ins Gesicht scheint.
Acht Herren arbeiten mit Steinen und Fliesen.
2 Frauen mit Kleidung in leuchtenden Farben sitzen neben einer unbefestigten Strae auf einem Stein und unterhalten sich, whrend sie auf das Feld blicken.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete Mnner, die ein Vesperbrot essen.
Nahaufnahme eines Mannes in einer Bar, der seine Brille schrg vor sein Gesicht hlt.
Ein Junge sitzt auf rechteckigen Blcken.
Ein Kind spielt in der Strae und schlgt ein Rad.
Ein Mann sitzt hinter einer Theke aus Hartholz.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke fotografiert einen Mann in einer roten Jacke.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Overall rudert ein Boot, vorne ein Vogel.
Eine mnnliche Person mit einem Hut jongliert vier Blle.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Person hlt mehrfarbige Jonglierkeulen.
Fnf Personen sitzen im Freien um einen Tisch und spielen ein Kartenspiel.
Eine Familie sitzt auf einer Bank in der Nhe des Strands.
Ein Mann und eine Frau knnen im Lager zusammen Mahlzeiten vorbereiten.
Die vier Wanderer sind die Schotterstroe hochgelaufen.
Zwei afroamerikanische Mnner spielen in einer greren Stadt Trompete und werden von Zuschauern betrachtet.
Menschen in der Ferne versuchen, an einem Felsabhang hoch zu klettern.
Zwei Polizisten betrachten aus der Ferne ein Haus mit dem Fernglas.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern in brauner Kleidung fhrt etwas vor.
Zwei junge mnnliche Wanderer, die Karte und Kompass verwenden, um im Wald ihre Richtung zu finden.
Zwei Mnner auf der Seite eines Kahns
Drei Kinder, Baby in der Mitte, sitzen in einem Hngesessel im Freien.
Ein Kind steht mit einem Fanghandschuh bereit.
Zwei Mdchen stehen einander auf Gras gegenber.
Eine Gruppe geht durch den Tiefschnee.
Zwei Arbeiter in neonfarbenen Westen, die am Rand einer Straen arbeiten.
Stdtische Arbeiter, die Beton auf einer Strae reparieren.
Eine Bauarbeitermannschaft, die an mehreren Stellen auf der Strae arbeitet.
Ein rothaariger Mann, der auf seinem Fahrrad arbeitet.
Eine Frau, die vor einem groen Gemlde auf einer Bank sitzt.
Ein Junge spielt auf einer Schaukel.
Zwei Mnner im Wald benutzen eine Kettensge, um Bume zu fllen.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten bis in die Nacht hinein an einer Strae.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Jackett spielt Gitarre.
Eine Gruppe steht oder sitzt vor einem Caf.
Ein Mann mit einer Gitarre sitzt auf einer Bank im Freien, drei andere Personen sitzen bei ihm.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fischen von einem Boot aus.
Ein kleines Kind sitzt in einem Stuhl und hlt einen Lffel an den Mund.
Ein Mann in einer lohfarbenen Schiffermtze trgt bei einer Frau in einem Boot Lippenschutz auf.
Ein Mann stellt die Knpfe eines groen Mischpults ein.
Eine Frau mit schwarzen Haaren in gestreiftem Oberteil steht vor ein paar Stnden.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein brauner Hund, die in hohem Unkraut spielen.
Ein Mann in einem rot-wei-karierten Hemd spielt in einem Park.
Zwei Mnner nehmen die Mae einer Wand an einer offenen Baustelle.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd spielt Tennis.
Ein brauner Hund spring auf einer braunen Ebene in die Luft.
Eine junge Frau steht an einer Fensterbank eines Ziegelgebudes, whrend ein Kind zusieht.
Zwei Teenagerinnen, eine mit einem weien Trikot, die andere mit einem roten Trikot, spielen Fuball.
Ein kleines Baby saugt in einem Stuhl schlafend an einem Binky.
Ein Mann, der eine schicke Rikscha an einem Wasserweg entlang zieht, lchelt und zeigt mit dem Daumen nach oben.
Eine Nahaufnahme von einem Kind auf einem Spielplatz unter Aufsicht von Erwachsenen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd drckt einen jngeren Mann in einem weien Hemd auf eine blau gepolsterte Matte.
Diese Mnner machen Kampfsport.
Frauen und Mnner in einem anderen Land, die aussehen, als ob sie klatschen.
Eine Frau kauft auf einem Bauernmarkt ein.
Leute laufen auf einem groen offenen Platz mit einem Hund herum und vermischen sich.
Zwei Frauen posieren mit Hten, die von Blumen bedeckt sind.
Das kleine Mdchen reitet mit einem braunen Pferd herein.
Ein mnnlicher Teenager spricht zu einer Gruppe weiblicher Teenager.
Ein Mann sitzt in einer Bar im Freien bei vielen Limonade- und Bierdosen.
Drei Personen stehen im Freien um zwei Grills, auf denen Fleisch gegart wird.
Eine asiatische Familie macht am Strand Picknick, whrend andere im Wasser spielen.
Zwei Mnner in hohen Hten blicken stirnrunzelnd in die Kamera.
Drei Personen sitzen auf Holzbnken auf weien und orangefarbenen Fliesen.
Der Mann trgt ein weies Hemd und eine Sonnenbrille.
Eine aus drei Personen bestehende Gruppe arbeitet in einer vollgepackten Broumgebung.
Ein Junge in einem Taucheranzug springt in ein Schwimmbecken mit einem glatzkpfigen Mann.
Ein Junge taucht von einem Springbrett aus in ein Schwimmbecken.
Zwei Sanitter sind an einer Unfallstelle.
Ein Mann stellt an einer Tpferscheibe ein Objekt aus Ton her.
Mehrere Personen grillen am Strand.
Eine Frau hlt ein kleines Mdchen, das versucht, Seifenblasen zu fangen.
Zwei Mnner hngen ab und grillen.
Eine Frau, die Gitarre spielt, vor einer Gruppe, die im Freien steht.
Zwei Hunde spielen zusammen auf grnem Gras.
Eine Knstlerin sieht auf dem Plan fr ihren Abschnitt eines komplizierten Kreidegemldes auf einem Brgersteig nach.
Ein Mann bei der Arbeit, wie er eine Kuh schlachtet.
Ein Mann mit einer groen Feder im Hut reitet ein Pferd.
Zwei Personen tragen eine groe aufblasbare Flasche an einer jungen Frau und einem geparkten weien Auto vorbei.
Diese Mdchen tragen Uniformen und spielen Feldhockey.
Ein wei-lohfarbener Hund springt durch die Luft.
Eine Frau, die gerade dabei ist, eine Bowlingkugel auf eine Bowlingbahn zu werfen.
Ein Mann spielt die Trommeln, whrend ein andere Karaoke singt.
Ein braunes Pferd steht in der Nhe eines schwarzen Pferds, das auf dem Boden sitzt.
Ein Kind sieht eine Jahrmarktsbude mit verschiedenen Spielzeugen an.
Ein Mann schlft in einer Hngematte neben dem Wasser und einem Boot.
Elf kleine Mdchen posieren in einem Schwimmbecken als Team.
Ein Mann in einem grau-schwarzen Pullover sitzt auf einem Hocker vor einer Gruppe von Kfigen.
Ein sehr ungewhnlich bekleideter Mann, der neben einem Eiskhler sitzt.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Hemd sitzt auf dem Gehweg und spielt Gitarre.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem Diadem, das jemandem auf dem Scho sitzt und etwas isst.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund liegt auf einem weien ungepflegten Teppich.
Die drei Mdchen saen am Strand.
Ein kleiner Junge blickt auf sein Spiegelbild in einer polierten Marmorwand.
Mnner und Frauen auf Fahrrdern halten an, um sich etwas anzusehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Rosa tanzt mit den Hnden auf den Hften.
Ein Mann und eine Frau genieen eine Zigarette vor einem Laden.
Eine asiatische Stadt bei Nacht mit vielen umherlaufenden Menschen.
Eine Frau mit einer blauen Jacke, die nach einem Kind greift.
Ein als Koch gekleideter Mann in einem leeren Restaurant geniet eine Mahlzeit und eine Flasche Wein.
Ein Mann mit Bart in weier Kleidung, der ein Steak isst.
Drei Mnner arbeiten rasch und bereiten in der Kche eines vornehmen chinesischen Restaurants Speisen zu.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stein.
Ein Mdchen in einem gelben Tanz tanzt auf einer Bhne mit einem Baseballfeld im Hintergrund.
Die Kinder spielen im Waldgebiet in der Nhe des Wassers.
Ein Mdchen, das ein rosafarbenes Oberteil trgt, liegt im Gras auf dem Rcken.
Ein Paar hlt eine Schild, auf dem steht: Teaching children for peace.
Drei Personen mit farbenfrohen Kostmen und Masken, die zwischen zwei Statuen aus Stein sitzen.
Ein Mann, der auf einem Fahrrad einen steinigen Hgel hinunterfhrt.
Drei Mdchen, die am Strand im Sand tanzen.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid, das ber einen Fuball steigt.
Ein knurrender braun-schwarzer Hund stellt eine braune Langhaarkatze unter einer Holzbank.
Viele Menschen stehen herum und sehen etwas an.
2 Personen sitzen barfu in einem Zelt, eine hat ein Bier in der Hand und eine sitzt herum und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen hackt vor einem Indianerzelt Holz.
Ein Junge in einem gestreiften Hemd und ein Mdchen in einer grnen Hemdbluse fahren auf Fahrrdern mit Sttzrdern.
Eine erwachsene Person und ein Kind, die auf einem Polizeimotorrad sitzen.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und einem Hut benutzt Hammer und Amboss.
Eine Frau in Schwarz spielt ein celloartiges Instrument.
Zwei Mnner in einem Holzboot, von denen einer gelb und einer schwarz angezogen ist, die auf einem glatten Gewsser unterwegs sind.
Ein junger Mann mit rotblondem Haar spielt Billard.
Ein Mann in rotem Outfit fhrt mit einem roten Motorrad auf einer Motocross-Strecke bergaufwrts.
Eine Frau, die einem blonden Kleinkind aus einer Tasse zu trinken gibt.
Sechs Frauen sitzen zusammen an einem Tisch vor einem Bcherregal.
Leute gehen an einem Stand vorbei, an dem zum Verkauf angebotene Unterwsche hngt.
Zwei Radfahrer an einem Bach posieren fr ein Foto.
Zwei Kinder stehen auf einem grnen Metallzaun.
Ein Junge mit einem raffinierten schwarz-weien Hemd, der seinen Kopf gesenkt hat.
Ein Lkw ist gerade auf das Heck eines anderen Lkw aufgefahren.
Zwei Restaurantmitarbeiter unter einer Mongolian BBQ-Leuchtreklame bergeben einen Teller mit Essen.
Zwei Jungen mit kurzen Hosen, die im Wasser spielen.
Ein grner John Deere-Traktor auf einem Acker, der einen roten Anhnger zieht.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einer improvisierten Fassschaukel.
Eine bunt gemischte Menschenmenge luft auf einer Straen herum (oder macht Radau), wo viele Fahrrder ausgestellt sind.
Zwei Personen machen am Strand Hampelmann.
Ungefhr ein Dutzend Mnner in Arbeitskleidung erhalten Anweisungen fr eine Aufgabe.
Die 3 Hunde sind auf der Strae unterwegs.
Die Dame im roten Auto fhrt ber die Brcke.
Ein Mdchen mit einer schwarzen Handtasche sitzt auf einer Holzbank.
Ein Mann mit einem karierten Hemd, der sein schwarzes Laptop an sein Mikroskop anschliet.
Ein Mann malt auf einen Gehweg in der Stadt.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Oberteil sitzt auf einer Parkbank mit einem Hund neben sich.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Hemd, der Fahrrad fhrt und ein Getrnk in der Hand hat.
Ein Mann spielt ein kleines gitarrenhnliches Instrument und singt in ein Mikrophon.
Die Frau mit den kurzen Hosen hat ihre Hand auf ein weies Auto gelegt.
Eine stehende Person hat ein Bein aufgestellt und hat ein Objekt mit einer blauen Linie in der linken Hand.
Kinder spielen auf einem Reifenstapel auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann in rotem Schneeanzug blickt auf ein groes Gebiet mit Schnee und Bergen.
Ein Mann, der ein weies Unterhemd trgt, sitzt in einem Billigmarkt neben Obst.
Ein Junge in roter Mtze und schwarzem Hemd fhrt in der Nhe einer rot-wei-gestreiften Bordsteinkante Skateboard.
Ein kleines Kind klettert in vollstndiger Ausrstung eine Felswand hoch.
Eine asiatische Frau in weiem Oberteil steht in einem gewissen Abstand von der Menschenmenge hinter ihr.
Eine Frau in einer U-Bahn schlft ein.
Eine Sportlerin bindet auf dem Feld die Schnrsenkel eines ihrer Sportschuhe.
Ein Mann in gelb-grnen Shorts, der in einem Wohnzimmer springt.
Ein Mdchen, das eine groe schwarze Decke trgt, rhrt in der Kche mit einem Lffel in einem Topf.
Mehrere Reisende, die in etwas, was wie eine U-Bahn aussieht, sitzen oder stehen.
Ein Junge, der eine Ausstellung im Museum erlebt.
Ein Turner springt ber einen Stapel Holzplattformen.
Ein Hund trottet mit einem groen Stock im Maul ber das Feld.
Ein Mann, der Augenschutz trgt, fhrt ein naturwissenschaftliches Experiment durch, whrend eine Frau zusieht.
Ein groer Mann, der einen Topf mit Essen rhrt, der auf einem Herd steht.
Eine Frau wird an ihrem Esstisch befragt.
Eine Frau mit langem brnettem Haar und einem beigefarbenen Kapuzenteil steht in der Nhe von Schrnken.
Ein Mann mit Handschuhen arbeitet in einem Labor.
Ein Junge, der mit dem Gesicht nach unten und einem Fuball zu seinen Fen im Gras liegt.
Eine Frau, die in einem unordentlichen Park ihre Socke richtet.
Ein Junge und seine Familie, die mit einem hell leuchtenden Kuchen seinen Geburtstag feiern.
Ein Mann, der einen grnen Miniaturzug fhrt.
Ein Mann mit einem weien T-Shirt lchelt, als ob er etwas ansieht.
Ein Mann schenkt an einem Tisch Getrnke aus.
Zwei schwarze Hunde trotten durch einen leeren ffentlichen Bereich.
Ein Mdchen mit einem grnen Oberteil springt in die Luft.
Ungefhr 12 Kinder und ein paar Erwachsene werden von etwas neben der Kamera bespritzt.
Ein alter Mann in traditionellem Kostm scheint gut gelaunt zu sein.
Eine weibliche Person mit blonden Haaren schneidet auf einer Marmorarbeitsplatte eine Wassermelone.
Menschen stehen auf einem Gleis, um in einen Zug zu steigen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer blauen Baseballkappe sitzt auf einem Dock und blickt auf das Wasser.
Menschengruppe beobachten Fische in einem groen Becken.
Vier Personen, die bei Sonnenuntergang durch dicken Schnee waten.
Ein Kellner, der Kchenpersonal eine Bestellung berbringt.
Eine Frau in einem trkisen Oberteil und einer beigefarbenen Strickjacke blickt von einem Brettspiel auf, vor dem sie sitzt.
Leute warten in einer Schlange auf ihr Lieblingsgetrnk.
Ein Militrangehriger oder Polizist steht in einem Park, whrend Menschen an ihm vorbeigehen.
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid bedeckt die Augen einer anderen Frau.
Eine zeitungslesende Frau und ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke fahren Zug.
Ein Mann, der in einem Stadium zwischen sitzenden Personen steht und jemand anfeuert.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper geht auf vielen Steinen.
Ein Junge in einem roten Pullover, der am Strand rennt.
Ein Paar,  das bei einer Zusammenkunft mit einem Luftballon unterwegs ist, der hinter ihm in der Luft schwebt.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut geht die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Strae und hlt ein Schild.
Der Mann am Strand, der mit einem Metalldetektor nach Sachen sucht.
Ein Junge mit einem blauen T-Shirt steht zwischen Bumen und hlt ein komisch aussehendes Objekt zur Begutachtung hoch.
Zwei kleine Kinder stehen in einem Flur.
Das Wasserskifahrer macht hinter einem Boot einen Salto.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einer Bank neben einem groen Geleebonbon-Maskottchen.
Zwei Leute machen Wakeboarding im Wasser und werden von einem Boot gezogen.
Ein Mann streut Gewrze auf sein Grillgut, im Hintergrund ist Laub zu sehen.
Ein Junge mit dunkler Haut, der am Ende eines schwimmenden Holzboots mit gespreizten Beinen auf dem Kopf steht.
Zwei Mnner auf einer Bank musizieren.
Zwei Frauen in farbenfrohen Kostmen blicken auf ein Mdchen mit einem braunen Oberteil.
Ein paar Kinder beobachten Fische in einem Becken.
Ein Bagger steht auf einem Schutzhaufen vor einem abgerissenen Gebude.
Drei Jungen spielen am Strand mit Paddeln.
Eine Frau in einer hellblauen Jacke fhrt Fahrrad.
Jemand macht einen Ausflug mit dem Fahrrad.
Zwei Personen mit Schutzhelmen fahren vor einem Gebude Fahrrad.
Zwei Fahrradfahrer fahren neben Eisenbahnschienen entlang.
Ein Paar, das beim Fahrradfahren auf einem Radweg Fahrradhelme und Handschuhe trgt, geniet einen schnen Tag.
Frauen mit Fahrradhelmen machen nach langer Fahrt eine Pause.
Ein Mann mit Fahrradhelm, blauer Jacke und khakifarbenen Hosen fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad auf der Strae neben einem roten Auto.
Ein Kind, das gleich mit einem seiner Eltern Fahrrad fahren wird.
Zwei Jungen, die durch Gras gehen, blicken zurck.
Ein Kind auf einem kleinen Motorrad in der Nhe eines kleinen Teichs.
Zwei kleine blonde Mdchen mit Helmen sitzen auf einem roten Gelndewagen.
Ein wei gekleideter Junge spielt Baseball.
Ein Junge klettern mit herausgestreckter Zunge auf eine Holzplattform.
Eine Frau steht am Fenster eines Imbissfensters.
Ein Hund mit einem blauen Geschirr steht im Schnee und hechelt.
Eine Frau steht neben einer japanischen Version von Walt Disney's Schneewittchen.
Eine Frau bestellt bei einem Straenkchenverkufer ein Gericht.
Bei einem Hunderennen ziehen Hunde einen Schlitten.
Ein einzelner Musiker in Schwarz ist auf der Bhne, spielt akustische Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Junge im Schwimmanzug sitzt im Wasser.
Eine Frau in Jeans, die auf einem Pfad mit einem grnen Gelnder geht.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Oberteil umarmt einen Mann.
Eine Frau, die im Gras in der Hocke sitzt, lchelt einen kleinen Jungen an, der selbst lchelt und seine Hnde hoch hebt.
Der Hund hat rote Riemen auf seinem Rcken.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein weier Hund stehen im Schnee.
Ein Hund springt an einer Bake ins Wasser.
Ein brauner, flauschiger Hund, der einem roten Spielzeug in den Pool nachspringt.
Ein weier Hund, der springt, um einen roten Ball zu fangen.
Ein Junge springt in einem Park von einem Tisch auf einen anderen.
Zwei- und vierbeinige Nachbarn kommen auf einen Besuch vorbei.
Ein beleibtes Paar ist vor einem gestreiften Umkleidezelt an einem Strand in der Nhe eines Piers miteinander beschftigt.
Ein Mdchen versucht sich als Grtnerin.
Eine Dame, die eine gelbe Tasche hlt, sitzt in einem Laden auf einem Stuhl.
Eine Frau, die nach Streichhlzern greift.
Drei Frauen, die in einem vollen Saal einen Tanz vorfhren.
Drei Schwimmer, die zum gleichen Team gehren, bereiten sich auf den Wettkampf vor.
Zwei Personen schwimmen neben einer roten Boje.
Zwei Jungen stehen neben einem Haufen Mll auf dem Boden.
Ein kleiner Junge steht vor einem Herd und hlt einen grn-gelben Schwamm.
Eine Frau, die in der Hocke sitzt, um auf Augenhhe mit einem Kleinkind zu sein, und gleichzeitig einen Hund hlt.
Ein Mann, der in einem Garten in einem Loch vor einer Frau steht.
Ein Arbeiter mit blauem Schutzhelm repariert die Mauer.
Eine Frau in traditioneller islamischer Kleidung geht mit einem brtigen Mann durch ein Einkaufszentrum.
Eine Familie posiert beim Abendessen fr ein Foto.
Neben einem Gewsser spricht eine Frau angeregt mit ihrem Begleiter.
Ein Mann mit Hut, der vor einem faszinierten Publikum jongliert.
Ein Mann am Telefon und eine Frau, die in der Nhe eines Gemldes sitzen.
Eine Frau, die einen Hund an der Leine hlt.
Eine Person, die in einem Caf an einem Tisch sitzt.
Eine Frau, die mit einem grnen Strohhalm trinkt.
Ein Herr mit violettem Schal und Hut hlt ein Akkordeon und blickt auf Geld.
Eine Frau in einem rot-schwarz-gestreiften Oberteil sitzt auf einer Sttzmauer.
Eine Menschenmenge steht auf einem Brgerteig, whrend ein Mann fotografiert.
Eine Frau mit Brille hlt eine rot-weie Einkaufstte.
Vier Jungen rennen einen gepflasterten Brgersteig entlang.
Eine weibliche Person, die aus dem Fenster blickt, whrend eine mnnliche Person hinein blickt.
Ein Wanderer mit einer amerikanischen Flagge auf seinem Rucksack wandert durch den Wald.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hemd sitzt mit einem Glas Wasser an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann mit einer Schrze, der etwas in einem alten Holzofen zubereitet.
Diese Leute kochen jede Menge Essen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Pullover wird von einer nicht sichtbaren Hand herumgedreht.
Ein Mann mit Overall und Helm kmmert sich um eine groe Seilrolle.
Ein Junge in Badehosen macht eine Rolle rckwrts ins Meer, hinter ihm sind durch den Nebel Berge zu sehen.
Eine verletzte, blutende Person sitzt mit Freunden im Warteraum eines Krankenhauses.
Sechs Mnner mit nacktem Oberkrper stehen im Freien und lehnen sich an einen Zaun oder stehen neben dem Zaun.
Ein Maler zeigt sein Talent vor einer Menschenansammlung.
Ein Junge hlt seien Nase zu und springt von einem Sprungbrett aus rckwrts in einen See.
Ein kleiner Junge zieht ein Spielzeugauto einen Hgel hinauf.
Eine asiatische Frau in rotem Pullover, die ihr Baby hlt.
Ein asiatischer Mann, der mit bsem Blick in die Kamera sieht.
Ein Kleinkind in einem Einteiler streckt sich, um ein Videospiel in einer Einkaufspassage zu sehen.
Ein Junge, der mit dem Gesicht nach unten im Wasser liegt.
Drei der Gre nach angeordnete Jungen neben einer Mauer, die nass werden.
Eine Frau mit Zpfen kniet und stellt an einer Maschine eine Schnur ein.
Zwei Leute mit gelben Ruckscken, die einen Hgel hinauf wandern.
In einem Park mit vielen Bumen streckt sich ein Mann.
Mehrere Passagiere eines Busses blicken aus dem Fenster in die Ferne.
Zwei mnnliche Security-Mitarbeiter halten einen anderen Mann an Schultern und Armen fest.
Zwei Wanderer wandern neben einer grnen Konifere eine karge Bschung hinunter.
Der Junge hat blonde Haare und ein schmutziges Gesicht.
Eine Frau blickt regungslos in den Spiegel, whrend sie Eyeliner auftrgt.
Ein paar Typen spielen auf einem Feld Fuball.
Ein Mann mit einem Hawaii-Hemd spielt auf einer Bhne auf einer orangefarbenen Gitarre.
Leute in einem vollen Zug oder Bus in Asien.
Bei einem Rodeo hlt sich ein Mann auf einem bockenden Pferd gut fest, whrend die Menge zusieht.
Ein erwachsener Mann mit Jeans und schwarzem Hemd, der ein Getrnk hlt.
Ein Mann hat seine Arme um zwei Frauen gelegt, die fr ein Bild mit ihm posieren.
Eine mobile Essensstation, die dazu dient, Stammgste auf den Straen der Stadt zu versorgen.
Eine Frau mit einer roten Jacke und ihr Begleiter, wie sie eine Kleinigkeit essen.
Ein ganz kleiner Junge mit blauen Schwimmflgeln, der ber eine Rutsche in ein Schwimmbecken rutscht.
Ein Mdchen mit grnem Pullunder, die in der Mitte eines Zuggleises steht, rechts mehrfarbige Zugwaggons.
Ein Mdchen steht auf dem Gleis.
Ein Fischer bereitet die Netze fr seinen nchsten Fischzug vor.
Eine Frau sitzt mit einem Akkordeon auf einem Hocker.
Zwei graue Hunde rennen durch ein Feld mit rosa blhender Heide.
Ein Junge mit Schwimmbrille, der in ein Schwimmbecken springt.
Menschen arbeiten in der Fertigung, whrend gelbe Papierstapel an ihnen vorbeitransportiert werden.
Ein junger Mann steht barfu am Strand und schneidet einen Baum aus.
Zwei Kinder auf Wakeboards versuchen, einander ein High-Five zu geben.
Ein Cafe im Freien, in dem Leute sitzen, whrend ein Mann mit einem weien Hemd auf sie zugeht.
Viele Leute mit schwarzen Haaren gehen durch ein paar Tren und wenige kommen heraus.
Mehrere Leute gehen eine Treppe hoch.
Ein Mann in einem burgunderroten Hemd und schwarzen Hosen, der eine Marionette mit einem Musikinstrument bewegt.
Die zwei Rennfahrer sind mit dem weien Rad die Strae entlang gefahren.
Zwei Jungen, einer in einem roten und einer in einem weien Dress, kmpfen bei einem Fuballspiel darum, wer die Kontrolle ber den Ball gewinnt.
Ein Mann in einer gelben Weste, der einen Gehweg kehrt.
Eine asiatische Familie bereitet auf einem nchtlichen Markt Fleisch auf Spieen zu.
Ein schwarzer Hund schwimmt im Wasser.
Zwei Mnner, einer, der steht, und einer auf einem Fahrrad, sprechen vor einem Gebude miteinander.
Die Gruppe sieht sich auf einem kleinen elektrischen Gert ein Video an.
Ein Mann mit einer Schultertasche geht in der Wste auf Sand, hinter ihm Fuabdrcken und der Horizont mit vielen Sturmwolken.
Ein lchelnder Junge rennt durch das Gras.
Ein braunes Pferd steht hinter einem Mdchen und riecht an ihren Haaren.
Junge Kche arrangieren in einer Kche Speisen.
Ein Junge in blauem Hemd, der unter einem Dock im Wasser planscht.
Ein Junge, der durch das Meer planscht.
Arbeiter bedienen Kunden, die vor einem Verkaufszelt von Martins Famous Lousiana Sausages Schlange stehen.
Zwei Mdchen fhren auf einem Trampolin Kunststcke vor.
Ein Mdchen mit einem roten Bikini springt in ein Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mann zieht einen Karren voller Sthle.
Ein Hund mit rotem Halsband und heraushngender Zunge rennt durch hohes Gras.
Ein Junge sitzt auf einem Trampolin und bedeckt sein Gesicht.
Eine lchelnde Frau in violettem Oberteil und weier Schrze, die ihre Hnde an einer Serviette abwischt.
Eine Person die mit dem Kopf nach unten von Stangen hngt.
Ein Mann mit einem grauen T-Shirt und Bluejeans auf einem Driving-Range ist bereit, einen Golfball zu schlagen.
Zwei Welpen rennen ber flache Steine in einem Gartenbereich.
Hunde rennen an einem kalten, aber sonnigen Morgen.
Eine ltere schwarze Frau bedient ihren Elektrorollstuhl.
Eine grnliche Hand wird vor einem Tisch mit Leuten hochgehalten.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten auf Gleisen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem ausgefeilten grn-orangefarbenen Kleid rennt einer rosa-weien Luftballonfigur nach.
Diese beiden Frauen haben Spa und machen Fotos.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hemd springt von einem groen Felsen.
Mehrere Personen fahren auf einer Achterbahn und reagieren auf unterschiedliche Weise auf einen Looping.
Ein Junge durchsucht ein Krbisfeld, ein paar befinden sich bereits in seiner Schubkarre.
Jemand spielt im Park Banjo, und eine Ende geniet die Musik.
Das Mdchen im violetten Oberteil, kurzen Hosen und Hut lacht.
Eine Frau in einem Bikini-Oberteil geht den Strand entlang.
Ein Mann in einer dunklen Jacke steht neben einem braun gekleideten Mann, der in eine Tasche greift.
Ein Mann auf der Bhne, der fr das Publikum ein Konzert gibt.
Ein Eiswagen hlt vor zwei kleinen Apartmentgebuden.
Ein Junge mit schwarzer Badehose steht in einem Brunnen.
Ein asiatischer Junge springt vor Freue in eine Wasserpftze, seine Zunge ist vor Freude herausgestreckt.
Ein paar Kinder, die in der Nhe der Strae spielen.
Dieser Junge spielt auf einem Spielplatz mit Reifen darauf.
Ein Sporttaucher, der tief unter Wasser mit einer Schildkrte schwimmt.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen trgt Dinge eine schmale Strae entlang.
Ein brauner Hund sitzt in langem Gras.
Ein afroamerikanisches Baby krabbelt in der Nhe eines Tisches auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann, der mit einem kleinen Jungen die Strae entlanggeht.
Ein Mann trgt einen Mlleimer an einer Engelsstatue vorbei.
Eine junge Frau, die Brot kauft, auf einem Markt im Freien.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem weien Kleid, das einen Vogel in einem Baum hlt.
Zwei Personen, die in einer Eislaufhalle eislaufen.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen,  die umgeben von Erwachsenen auf einer schwarzen Bank liegen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen, die am Strand spielen.
Ein lterer Mann mit Latzhosen hlt einen Pinsel.
Ein alter Mann macht auf einer Parkbank ein Schlfchen.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Baseballkappe schlft an einen Felsen gelehnt.
Ein Herr in traditionellem Outfit, der in einem Feld eine Decke webt.
Ein Mann in einem gelbe Hemd saugt einen Fuboden und blickt zur Kamera.
Ein junger afrikanischer Mann arbeitet in einem Feld.
Ein lohfarbener Hund, dessen lange rosafarbene Zunge heraushngt, luft einen Grasweg entlang.
Ein asiatischer Mann in einem Anzug in der U-Bahn, schlafend.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil, die auf der Kchenarbeitsflche etwas mischt.
Leute mit gesenkten Kpfen in einem Gebude, whrend drauen Motorrder zu sehen sind.
Stdtische Arbeiter kmmern sich um einen Motorradfahrer mit einem roten Hemd und schwarzen Shorts.
Ein Mann in schmutzigen Jeans oben auf einem Gerst.
Zwei Kche reden hinter einer gefliesten Theke in einem schicken Restaurant miteinander.
Eine Frau in einer weien Schrze bereitet auf einem groen Grill verschiedene Fleischsorten zu.
Ein Mann, der mit einem langen Instrument vor einer groen Calvin-Klein-Stahlwerbung sitzt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, beide in kurzen Hosen, gehen einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Tnzerpaar fhrt etwas auf einer roten Ziegelstrae auf.
Ein Junge in einem weien Hemd hlt ein Einschlagpapier.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt, der Abflle entsorgt.
Ein lterer Mann in einem orangefarbenen Overall, der einen Wasserschlauch hlt.
2 Jungen im Vordergrund bei einem Karate-Wettkampf und Trainer im Hintergrund, die zusehen, whrend ein anderer Trainer am Tisch sitzt.
Personen mit Luftballons, die an einem Spaziergang teilnehmen.
Leute, die vor einen Apotheke mit leuchtendem Schild darauf warten, dass sie die Strae berqueren knnen.
Eine Frau mit Brille trinkt in einem Cafe Kaffee.
Ein Mann in einer Bowlinghalle bereitet sich darauf vor, die Bowlingkugel zu werfen.
Ein Mdchen entfernt ihr Augen-Makeup mit einem Ohrtupfer.
Ein groer schwarz-weier Hund rennt ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann lernt vor einer Buchhandlung auf seine Prfung.
Ein junger Mann mit rotem Hemd, der etwas in einer Pfanne zubereitet.
Ein Mann, der einen anderen Mann auf die Wange ksst, und beide tragen weie Hemden mit schwarzen Westen.
Eine gleich gekleidete Personengruppe, die bei einer Parade die Strae entlang geht.
Leute stehen auf einem bunten Balkon.
Zwei Mnner schlagen Trommeln und ein Mann blst ein Horn; sie sitzen im Freien.
Ein Bauer geht treibt sein Schwein den Feldweg entlang.
Zwei Mdchen in knallgrnen Stiefeln und eine Frau sind zusammen.
Ein Marktplatz mit fahrbaren Wagen, wo Obst verkauft wird.
Eine Frau mit blonden Haaren und Sonnenbrille, die an einem Tisch sitzt und lchelt.
Drei afroamerikanische Mnner aus der Arbeiterklasse sind im Freien.
Ein kleines Mdchen schaukelt in einer Babyschaukel auf dem Spielplatz.
Ein Mdchen, das im Meer steht
Zwei Kinder sind am Strand und spielen im nassen Sand.
Eine junge Frau, die in die Ferne lchelt, geniet ein Schaumbad.
Ein Kind in schwarz-weiem Badezeug kniet im flachen Wasser ber einem gelben Plastikboot, das mit nassem Sand gefllt ist.
Ein Mann macht auf dem Boden Breakdance, whrend eine Menschenmenge um ihn herum steht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau genieen an einem warmen Tag eine Fahrt ber die Stromschnellen.
Ein Mdchen, das tagsber am Strand einen Handstand mit Grtsche macht, whrend im Hintergrund ein Vergngungspark zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd benutzt in einer Siebvorrichtung einen Schaber.
Zwei Mdchen, die mit einem roten und einem blauen Schlger kmpfen, whrend ein anderes Mdchen zusieht.
Eine Frau gibt einem Mdchen auf einer Schaukel Schwung.
Zwei Jungen posieren in blauen Hemden und khakifarbenen Shorts.
Eine Menschengruppe wartet auf einem Bahnsteig, whrend ein Zug vorbeifhrt.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das auf dem Gehweg mit einem Stock spielt.
Ein Mann, der einen Handwagen mit Kisten schiebt, beugt sich nach vorne, um eine Birne aufzuheben.
Eine Verkuferin, die im Fenster ihres Ladens steht.
Mehrere Mnner indischer Herkunft unterhalten sich, und einer scheint besonders aufgeregt zu sein.
Eine Inselbewohnerin, die im Freien mit Ananas und Obst kocht.
Eine Gruppe von Kilttrgern spielt Musik, whrend jemand schwarz gekleidetes vorbei rennt.
Ein Mann, der einen Grillofen ffnet und eine Zange hlt.
Das kleine Mdchen trgt ein Jeanskleid und hlt einen braunen Teddybr.
Ein Mann fngt einen recht groen Fisch und nimmt ihn vom Haken.
Ein Mann mit Pferdeschwanz und gelbbraunem Tanktop, der auf einer Couch sitzt und etwas an seinen Fingern abzhlt.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Hemd arbeitet.
Zwei junge attraktive Frauen mit Shorts berqueren in einer belebten Stadt die Strae.
Der Mann klettert durch Fels und Schnee.
Dieses Bild zeigt ein Mdchen, das in einer Turnhalle Gymnastik macht.
Zwei beige Hunde spielen im Schnee.
Ein Mann, der dabei ist, einen Schritt von einer Felskante in der Wste herunter zu machen.
Drei Frauen mit Kleidern und Kopftchern im Freien.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt mit seinem Fahrrad vor dem Kuthhoop-Hotel.
Der Sonnenschein hinter einer Baumgruppe an einer langen Strae.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd macht ein Foto.
Eine Menschenmenge feuert ein Baseballteam an.
Ein Mann und ein viel jngerer Junge, beide mit Mtzen, spazieren durch die Natur.
Ein kleiner Junge, der einen anderen kleinen Jungen den Mast hoch schiebt.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd und Krawatte steht auf einem Brgersteig zwischen Betonsperren.
Ein Junger erreicht das Oberteil eines Klettergersts.
Zwei Personen in schwarzen Hemden stehen vor Kindern in weien Hemden mit einer amerikanischen Flagge.
Ein Mann mit Schwertern, der gegen eine Frau mit einem Speer kmpft.
Zwei Mnner mitten in einem Kampf.
Ein junger Mann in einem weien Hemd, der Tomaten schneidet.
Ein Junge in blauen kurzen Hosen erklettert Felsen entlang des Strands einer Hotelanlage.
Ein Mann spielt neben einem gelben Hydranten Saxophon.
Ein Mann auf einem Fischmarkt schneidet Schwertfisch zu Steaks.
Ein Hund, der den roten Ball fngt, mitten im Sprung.
Drei einfach gekleidete Frauen bereiten in ihrer Kche eine Mahlzeit zu.
Leute gehen und rennen auf dem Gehweg einer Brcke.
Zwei junge Frauen gehen einen baumgesumten lndlichen Weg entlang.
Ein Mdchen am Strand, das auf das Wasser zu rennt.
Ein junge in einem blauen Hemd und einer grnen Mtze blst einen orangefarbenen Luftballon auf.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund, der nach Tennisbllen in einen Pool springt.
Ein kleiner Junge rennt in die falsche Richtung, nachdem er bei einem Schlagballspiel den Ball geschlagen hat.
Eine Person mit blauem Hemd hlt ein Mikrofon in ihren Hnden.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille in Wei und Rot, der ein sehr groes Horn trgt und blst.
Ein barfiges rothaariges Mdchen, das ber ein Gelnder springt.
Eine Frau in kurzen Hosen, die eine Bowlingkugel auf eine Bowlingbahn wirft.
Er liest Zeitung und sie blickt ihn lchelnd an.
Ein gelbbrauner Hund an einer Leine, der in flachem Meerwasser rennt.
Der Junge springt im Wald.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen von Booten umgeben auf dem Boden.
Ein Junge am Strand, der in die Wellen rennt.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Boot, das an einem greren Boot angeleint ist, kippt einen Eimer Wasser aus.
Ein Mann, der eine schmale Strae entlang geht.
Ein junger Mann ruht sich auf einem Flughafensitz mit einem Cowboyhut ber dem Gesicht aus.
Kinder, die von einer Brcke aus fischen
Ein Mann, der auf den Stufen eines Gebudes im Schatten sitzt.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund, der in einen Pool springt.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein weier Hund rennen auf einer Wiese, Zuschauer sehen zu.
Ein paar Vgel vor einem Gebude.
Ein Golfspieler bereitet auf dem von Bumen umgebenen Golfplatz einen Schlag vor.
Ein Feuerwehrmitarbeiter lscht ein Feuer unter der Motorhaube eines Autos.
Mehrere Personen versammeln sich um einen Tisch mit vielen roten, weien und blauen Dekorationen im gerumigen Zelt.
Ein Kleinkind mit Eiern in einer Schssel.
Drei Teenager, die Holz eine Strae entlang tragen, whrend einer davon in die Kamera lchelt.
Ein Mann steht vor dem Gateway Arch.
Ein tintenverschmierter Junge steht vor einer weien Tr.
Ein blondes Mdchen geht auf senkrechten Pfhlen im Sand.
Ein Mdchen mit einem violetten Oberteil giet Gras.
Die Katze blickt von der Person, die ihr am nchsten ist, weg.
Ein Paar wartet an einem Fugngerbergang in einer hell erleuchteten Stadt.
Eine Person in einem gelben Hemd streckt sich auf einer Brcke.
Ein Typ mit kariertem Hemd und Schnauzer, der auf einem Markt Fisch verkauft.
Stdtische Arbeiter verrichten Wartungsarbeiten an einem Gleis.
Ein Kind vor seinem eigenen Spiegelbild, das sich zur Kamera dreht und lchelt.
Ein Arbeiter, der einen behinderten Mann in einem Rollstuhl in einen Zug ldt.
Eine Frau, die eine Strae entlang geht, whrend ein Junge vor ihr geht und ein Mann hinter ihr rennt.
Eine Frau sieht aus, als ob sie durcheinander ist, und hlt eine Wasserflasche vor einer Wand mit Text.
Eine Gruppe afrikanischer Jungen blickt auf Wasserrohre.
Drei Personen auf dem Gras, eine recht Laub, eine mht den Rasen, eine andere steht neben einer Mlltte.
Ein Junge mit einem gelben Hemd und schwarzen Hosen schweit etwas.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper klettert auf einen Felsen.
Ein Mdchen bereitet sich auf einen Softballwurf vor.
Ein Mann wirft ein kleines Kind in die Luft.
Ein flauschiger weier Hund kommt aus einem blau gestreiften Hindernis-Tunnel.
Zwei Kinder sitzen zusammen auf dem Boden.
Ein Mdchen trgt Campingausrstung und einen ausgestopften braunen Hund.
Ein Typ mit einem grnen Hemd kocht an einem Lagerfeuer.
Ein Mdchen spht durch die Bltter eines Baumes.
Ein Motorradfahrer fhrt einen grnen Berg hoch, whrend ein anderes Motorrad stehen bleibt.
Ein Junge mit Klettergurt steigt eine Kletterwand hoch.
Ein Mann wadet im Wasser und beobachtet einen Wasserfall.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft durch einen Bach.
Ein Mann surft einen Sandhgel hinunter.
Ein Mann mit einer Brille mit roter Fassung steht mit verschrnkten Armen hinter einem Metallgitter.
Ein Hund rennt und hlt ein Objekt in seinem Maul.
Ein Hund mit langem Fell und einer roten Weste rennt im Gras.
Zwei uniformierte Beamte unterhalten sich in einem Golfwagen.
Ein junger Mann in einem gelben Hemd und gelbbraunen Hosen grbt einen trockenen Garten oder ein Feld mit einem Mhtraktor von John Deere um.
Der Wachmann lchelt.
Ein langer Tag macht die Frau mde und schlfrig.
Eine schne brnette Frau die mit violetten, blauen und scharlachroten Schals drapiert ist.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund ist im Gras.
Ein Mdchen in einem grauen YMCA-Pullover schaut durch ein Teleskop.
Ein Baby, das sorgfltig in eine Decke gepackt ist, schlft in einem Krankenhausbettchen.
Eine junge Dame spielt auf einer Bhne im Park Gitarre.
Drei Jungen baden in einem Gummieimer auf dem Gras.
Mehrere Personen sitzen an Computertischen in einem unaufgerumten Bro.
Ein Mdchen mit halben Dreadlocks und Ohrenschtzern macht eine groe Blase.
Kinder und Frauen versammeln sich vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann kriecht durch ein Kunststoffrohr auf einem Spielplatz auf ein kleines rothaariges Mdchen zu.
Ein Mann mit beginnender Glatze streichelt einen Panda in einem Zoo.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper, blauer Mtze und Sonnenbrille rennt durch hfttiefes Wasser eines groen Gewssers.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und Hut spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd pflgt ein Feld mit zwei Maultieren.
Leute spielen im Wasser mit einem Wasserfahrrad.
Eine blonde Person fhrt Wassermotorrad in einem Gewsser in der Nhe eines Gebirges.
Zwei Mnner sitzen in einem weien Raum und spielen Gitarre.
Drei Frauen, die zusammen auf dem Gehweg gehen, eine davon trgt einen kurzen weien Rock.
Ein Junge hlt seine Hnde auf seinen Kopf.
Ein Mann mit Farbspritzern auf der Kleidung spricht an einem Handy.
Ein Mann im Fenster eines groen roten Lkw.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Regenmantel bespricht etwas mit einem anderen Mann der Arbeitskleidung trgt, in der Nhe eines Kanalschachts.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd steht vor einem Absperrkegel.
Ein groer Mann in blauem Hemd und kurzen Hosen lehnt sich vor einem Laden namens Terrible's gegen einen Lieferwagen.
Ein Videomacher und seine weibliche Begleitperson stehen an einem Wasserweg.
Ein Regenbogen bildet sich, als von einem Behlter Wasser auf die Strae spritzt.
Der Mann mit dem Spitzbart und dem schwarzen Hemd geht die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit grauem Hemd und Mtze, der einen Bohrhammer hlt
Zwei Bauarbeiter sprechen und blicken auf ein Schiff der Marine.
Eine Person springt von einem Stein auf ein Dirtbike.
Ein Mdchen spielt in einer Billardhalle Billard.
Ein Mann klettert eine Felswand hoch und erreicht einen berhang.
Eine Gruppe geht ber einen Seilbrcke.
Ein junger Mann alleine an einem Strand mit weiem Sand isst eine Kleinigkeit unter einem Strandschirm.
Ein Mann gibt einer Menschenmenge eine Vorfhrung auf einem hohen Einrad.
Ein Junge, der ein Namensschild trgt, rennt ber ein Feld.
Erde, Wasser und Himmel machen diesen Ort zu einem guten Platz, um auszuspannen.
Ein kleines Baby mit blauem Schlafanzug hat einen Schnuller im Mund und schlft.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen zusammen die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau hinter einer Bud Light-Werbung lchelt und liest Zeitung.
Zwei Leute blicken ber eine Terassenmauer.
Eine Dame mit einer Haube sitzt mit den Hnden im Scho da.
Drei Arbeiter arbeiten auf einem Metalldach.
Eine Frau mit gerissenen Jeans liegt mit dem Unterarm ber dem Gesicht auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau, die mit Kindern mit Gesichtsbemalung unterwegs ist und ein schreiendes Kind auf dem Arm hat.
Ein Koch mit Brille bereitet in einem riesigen Ofen Baguette zu.
Zwei Personen stehen vor einem Weingeschft.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sprechen vor einem Kaffeehaus miteinander.
Eine Silhouette eines Kinds, das an einem Strand spielt.
Ein Mann, der kurze Hosen, Sandalen und ein schwarzes Hemd trgt, spricht auf seinem Handy.
Zwei Mnner sprechen in einer Restaurantkche miteinander.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einem Felsen und blickt auf ein groes Feld.
Ein Mann mit einer grnen Mtze, der rennt.
Zwei mnnliche Personen, die rennen, im Freien, an einem wolkigen Tag; einer trgt rot und wei, der andere marineblau und schwarz.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem gelben Hemd geht auf Steinen.
Eine aus Mnnern und Frauen bestehende Menschenmenge sitzt bzw. steht bei einem Schild mit Forderungen.
Fnf asiatische Freund posieren zusammen fr ein Foto.
Vier Frauen und ein Mann sitzen mit Schlafscken auf dem Brgersteig.
Viele warm angezogene Menschen
Drei junge Leute kuscheln sich unter eine Decke auf einem Gehweg.
Zwei Personen machen Fotos.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann mit Hut sitzen mit gekreuzten Beinen in einer Gruppe.
Da ist ein asiatisches Mdchen, das ein grnes Schild hlt und protestiert.
Ein Mann, der ein Video von einer Gruppe vor einem From New York-Banner macht.
Leute stehen und sitzen in einem Hofgarten.
Ein Mann in einem zitronengelben Hemd wartet auf die U-Bahn, whrend eine Frau mit ihrem Handy filmt.
Junge Leute in gelben Hemden bereiten buntes Essen zu.
Eine Frau mit gelbem Oberteil hilft einen kleinen Mdchen mit rosafarbenen Oberteil.
Jugendlichen werden grne Eier mit Speck serviert.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd in einem Baseballstadion, der ein Kind hlt und sich selbst an einen Sportwagen festhlt.
Kleine Jungen in weien Karateuniformen, die in Innenrumen Kampfsport machen.
Zwei Personen, die in eine Richtung in einen Schatten gehen, whrend eine andere mitten im Schatten geht.
Ein Mann, eine Frau mit einem Kind im Sportwagen auf einer belebten Strae.
Der Mann zielt, um zu schieen, whrend sein Hund zusieht.
Ein Pferd geht unter einer Brcke neben einem Boot.
Ein junger Mann sitzt mit einem Laptop und Kopfhrern an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann spielt auf einem Konzert Banjo.
Eine Dame mit einer Tasche sieht sich Flohmarktwaren an.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Snowboard ber etwas auf einem verschneiten Hgel.
Der braune Hund liegt auf einem blauen Betttuch.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd, der eine Zeitung liest.
Ein Mann mit Brille und blauer Jacke lchelt, whrend Mnner hinter ihm auf einem Grill kochen.
Ein Mann in Lederjacke, der an einem Eckladen vorbeigeht.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden steht vor einem Kunstwerk, das sie fr ein Bild gesprht haben.
Ein Mann macht mit seinem Fahrrad Kunststcke.
Eine Frau blickt auf bekleidete kopflose Puppen in einem Schaufenster.
Ein Kind, das in der Mitte eines Feldwegs steht
Ein Mann mit braunem Hemd macht ein Foto von etwas, das sich vor ihm auf dem Boden befindet.
Leute sitzen vor anderen Leuten.
Ein Mann mit einem braunen T-Shirt spricht auf einem Open-Air-Konzert zu einer Frau mit einem geblmten Pullunder.
Zwei Mdchen am Strand beobachten Leute in einem Fischerboot.
Zwei Fahrrder stehen hinter Leuten, die auf dem Gras in der Nhe eines Gewssers sitzen.
Zwei alte Mnner sitzen auf dem Kai.
Ein Mann im Anzug und zwei Mnner mit orangefarbenen Westen, die herumstehen
Ein kleines Kind schiebt einen Sportwagen die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau bei der Graduierung ohne Hut.
Ein lterer Mann blickt auf einen Balkon, der zu einer Strae hinaus geht.
Diese Frau sitzt auf einer Steinmauer, lchelt und spricht am Telefon.
Drei Hunde in einem Feld blicken auf etwas im Gras.
Drei Kinder, zwei Mdchen und ein Junge,  stehen in Kampfkunststellungen auf dem Parkettboden eines groen Raums.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem berfllten Cafe auf einem Blumentopf.
Ein Junge steht an einer Go-Kart-Bahn neben einem Gelnder.
Wein weier Vogel steht auf einer Holzplattform.
Ein Typ mit Stelzen spielt vor einer Wandmalerei Posaune.
Zwei Jungen in Unterwsche klettern um ein Fahrzeug herum.
Ein blondes Mdchen in rosafarbenem Oberteil blickt auf eine groe Gottesanbeterin auf ihrem Arm.
Ein wei gekleideter Mann mit Brille isst etwas.
Ein Mann angelt von einem Strand aus in einem groen Gewsser, whrend ein Junge in nicht allzu weiter Entfernung ein Netz trgt.
Der Soldat steht aufrecht, whrend er die vorbeigehenden Menschen beobachtet.
Ein junger Mann im Anzug fllt bei etwas, das eine Kunstausstellung zu sein scheint, in der Masse auf.
Ein Mann, der unter einem Baum Obst zubereitet.
Ein schwarzer Hund, der etwas im Maul hat, kommt aus dem Meerwasser an den Strand.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen am Strand, ein Mann sieht zu.
Eine Gruppe sitzt am Strand und beobachtet die Blue Angels.
Zwei junge Damen spielen in einem Restaurant Schach.
Ein Person mit einem langrmeligen weien Hemd webt etwas mit einem gelben Faden.
Zwei Frauen joggen und drei Mnner gehen auf einem Feldweg.
Dies sind schwarz gekleidete weibliche Mitglieder einer Blaskapelle, die vor einem reich verzierten Gebude rote Fahnen tragen.
Eine vierkpfige Familie betrachtet eine Flugschau.
Eine Person, die einen kleinen Hund an der Leine hlt, beugt sich nach vor und sieht Sachen durch.
Ein brauner Hund, der ein schwarzes Objekt trgt.
Ein kleiner Junge, der sich frchtet und von seinem Vater aus einem Schwimmbecken gezogen wird.
Ein Mann , der vor mehreren Felswnden steht.
Zwei Personen und ein kleiner weier Hund spielen im Park.
Zwei Mnner mit langen Haaren sitzen auf dem Boden.
Mitglieder einer Blaskapelle blicken auf ihre Noten.
Ein Mann in einer Arkade spielt ein DJ-Spiel.
Eine Gruppe schwarz gekleideter Frauen, die vor einem groen Gebude Musikinstrumente spielen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Schulbus, whrend ein anderer Mann mit passendem Hemd drinnen steht.
Demonstranten warten darauf, dass Polizisten ihre Beschwerden gegen Polizeigewalt und Brutalitt aufnehmen.
Ein Mann mit einem Cowboyhut und einem Goldkreuz um den Hals
Ein alter Mann und ein Jugendlicher, die eine Ackerfrse starten.
Leute warten am Flughafen auf ihr Gepck.
Eine Menschengruppe nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit im Freien, vor einer Wasserstrae.
Vier Frauen machen Synchronschwimmen im Dunkeln.
Ein brauner Hund verfolgt einen blonden Hund im Gras.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut und gelbbraunem Jackett berquert die Strae.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Bikini in einem Schlauch.
Ein Mann mit langen Haaren nht ein Kostm.
Ein Mann mit einem braunen T-Shirt hlt sich an einem Drahtseil fest, whrend ein anderer Mann zusieht.
Ein Mann in einem Cape befindet sich in der Nhe eines roten Gebudes.
Zwei Mnner in legerer Geschftskleidung lachen zusammen.
Ein Bassspieler mit einem roten Hemd spielt, whrend er eine Zigarette raucht.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann mit einer komischen Kopfbedeckung schwingt einen Stock.
Ein mageres Mdchen mit groen Stiefeln steht am Straenrand.
Zwei Frauen stehen auf einem Boot und blicken aufs Wasser.
Leute, die Bilder auf einem Display ansehen.
Das kleine Mdchen sitzt in einem Geschirr, an einem Haltegurt festgebunden, whrend andere zusehen.
Ein Mann mit einem mehrfarbigen Hemd hlt ein Megafon.
Ein dunkelhaariger junger Mann mit Bart, der drauen auf einem kleinen Grill Steaks zubereitet.
Eine uniformierte Frau, die eine Kamera hlt und vor einer Zuschauermenge steht.
Der kleine Junge mit den roten Hosen versucht, einen Fuball zu fangen, der auf ihn zu kommt.
Vier Kinder rollen und rutschen eine Sanddne herunter.
Der pelzige kleine weie Hund luft im grnen Gras.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht High-Five mit einem gelben Roboter.
Eine Person mit blauem Hemd und Jeans blickt an den Bumen vorbei zum Horizont.
Graue und schwarze Hunde rennen einen Waldweg entlang weg.
Eine Frau und ein junger Mann decken einen Tisch in einem mexikanischen Restaurant.
Ein Kletterer steigt hoch.
Eine Dame in einem schwarzen Kleid spricht zu einer Gruppe.
Zwei sitzende Mnner arbeiten an ihren Computern.
Ein Mann giet eine Schubkarre Zement auf einen Brgersteig.
Ein Hund rennt am Strand an der Wasserkante entlang.
Ein junger Herr mit blauer Krawatte, der in ein Mikrofon spricht.
Mehrere jngere Personen, die in schwerer Kleidung die Strae entlang gehen.
Frauen unterschiedlicher ethnischer Herkunft stehen in einem Raum und halten rote und gelbe Pfeile.
Zwei Hunde schtteln am Strand Wassertropfen ab.
Der Kletterer blickt ber seine Schulter auf den See und die Stadt.
Ein Mann, der klettert, macht Pause, um seine Route zu planen.
Braut und Brutigam fttern einander Hochzeitskuchen.
Fnf Arbeiter, die vor Lkws sitzen und zu Mittag essen
Ein mnnliches Kind mit lockigen braunen Haaren, das sich in einem Gemsemarkt hinter einem Pappkarton versteckt.
Eine Frau liegt vor dem schiefen Turm von Pizza im Gras und isst etwas.
Ein Mann und eine Frau spielen in einem Kasino und haben Spa.
Ein Mann mit Bart, der eine akustische Gitarre spielt
Ein Baby schafft e, sich an einer Couch auf die Fe zu ziehen.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einem Drehteil an einem Stck Holz.
Ein Mann mit Sicherheitsausrstung bedient eine Maschine, im Hintergrund stehen Zelte.
Eine Frau in gelber Bluse und schwarzem Schlpfer spielt Beachvolleyball.
Ein Mdchen rennt lchelnd in ihrem Schwimmanzug ber den weien Sandstrand.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd, der mit einer mit einem Getrnk gefllten Kaffeetasse springt.
Eine mnnliche Person in einer schwarzer Kochjacke, die einen KitchenAid-Kurs gibt.
Ein Mann mit seinem Getrnk einen Toast.
Der Mann in einem dunkelblauen Hemd drckt eine Flasche zusammen, die mit einer goldfarbenen Substanz gefllt ist.
Leute bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien unter einem Zelt.
Eine Gruppe von Damen mit Computern sitzt hinter einem Tisch, whrend Personen auf der anderen Seite etwas kaufen.
Ein Mann in einer weien Kochjacke, der Tomaten prsentiert.
Ein Koch spricht mit einer anderen Person in einem Ausstellungsraum von a KitchenAid.
Viele Personen sind unter einem Zelt versammelt und bekommen etwas zu essen.
Ein Baby steht auf der Seite einer Couch und wirft eine Lampe um.
Mutter und Vater, die zusehen, wie ihr Baby ein Tier liebkost.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einer sehr groen, komplizierten Sandskulptur am Strand.
Drei Personen schlafen in einem Massenverkehrsmittel.
Ein Mann in Jacke, Mtze und Kapuze, der von der Kamera weg blickt, hlt seine Hnde zusammen hoch.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Shorts stehen in einer Gasse.
Ein Junge schwingt einen Baseballschlger, und hinter ihm steht ein Catcher.
Zwei kleine Ligisten stehen neben einer Base im Feld.
Ein junger Mann mit blonden Haaren sitzt auf einem Hocker und arbeitet mit mehrfarbigen Kabeln.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Jacke lehnt sich an einen Lampenmast.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau in schwarzem Hemd betrachtet eine silberne Maschine.
Zwei Frauen und ein Baby in einem Sportwagen vor einem Laden.
Ein Mann in einem gestreiften Hemd spielt Schlagzeug.
Eine Person blickt heraus und steht oben auf einem Felsen.
Ein Kind springt auf einer Sanddne.
Zwei Mdchen, die am Wasser sitzen.
Ein Junge steht in einem Klassenzimmer und versucht ein Kunstprojekt zu machen, hat aber Schwierigkeiten; seine Mitschler sehen zu.
Zwei Tnzer auf der Bhne eines Clubs.
Ein Herr fhrt in seinem Auto ber Land und lacht.
Drei Jungen, die Ziegel in sehr kleine Stcke brechen.
Ein Mann mit einem farbenfrohen Hemd und eine Dame mit weier Bluse signieren Bcher.
Drei Kche bereiten in der Kche Mahlzeiten zu.
Fnf Kche stehen hinter einem Tisch voller Muffins.
Mnner und Frauen beim Michigan Wine and Food
Ein Junge spielt mit ausgestreckten Armen auf dem Brgersteig einer gepflasterten Strae.
Ein Mann mit roter Badehose, der Volleyball spielt.
Eine ltere Dame mit schwarzem Oberteil gibt Zutaten in eine KitchenAid-Rhrschssel, whrend eine Menschenmenge zusieht.
Leute sitzen mit vielen Weinglsern an der Bar.
Ein Sportteam, bestehend aus 14 Frauen mit weien T-Shirts und rosafarbenen Anhngern.
Ein Koch, der im Freien auf einem Grill fr vorbeikommende Kunden Hamburger zubereitet.
Ein Junge in einem Tigger-Oberteil steht auf jemandem, der in einem Bett liegt.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten auf dem Dach eines Gebudes.
Leute befinden sich in einem Fahrgeschft, bei dem man aus groer Hhe herabfllt.
Ein Mann in Schwarz am Mikrofon, in einer Band.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen in einem Apfelhain spazieren und schaukeln einen kleinen Jungen zwischen sich.
Der junge Mann hlt eine Getrnk und kontrolliert sein Handy.
Zwei kleine Jungen sitzen auf einer Metallkiste und tragen Motorradhelme.
Eine Menschengruppe, die sich zu amsieren scheint.
Eine Frau in rotem Jogginganzug, die Zitronen in einer Presse auspresst.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge, die auf einem Teller Essen servieren.
Zwei braunhaarige Kinder im Kofferwagen eines Autos.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt den Kopf seines lteren Bruders.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd und Handschuhen hlt eine Schachtel mit Karomuster.
Straenszene in Asien mit Fugngern und geparkten Fahrrdern.
Ein nasser Hund springt ber eine Hrde.
Eine Frau packt den Fu eines Mannes und hlt ihn hinter seinen Kopf.
Eine Frau im Nonnenhabit wird von einer weiblichen Security-Mitarbeiterin durchsucht, whrend eine andere Frau zusieht.
Der Mann im dunklen Anzug macht eine Talkshow im Radio.
Ein Angler spult seine Angelrute auf, whrend sich ein anderer in einem Boot auf dem Wasser entspannt.
Leute sind im Freien zu einem Protest versammelt, und eine Frau, die vorne steht, lchelt in die Kamera.
Eine Person trgt ein schwarz-rotes Outfit und bt Nahkampf.
Ein Kind in einem Ninja-Outfit macht einen Sprungtritt.
Ein Mdchen bewegt ein paar Koffer, die in der Nhe eines geffneten Fensters stehen.
Leute sitzen und liegen auf Treppenstufen.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd, der eine schwarz-weie Gitarre spielt.
Ein Mann neben einem Clown, mit anderen Leuten im Hintergrund.
Eine ltere Dame, die auf einem Geburtstagskuchen Kerzen mit den Ziffern 9 und 0 ausblst.
Ein Handwerker arbeitet an einer Auenwand eines Gebudes in der Stadt.
Ein Mann mit gelber Jacke lehnt sich gegen ein Auto und fotografiert, whrend ein anderer Mann am Auto auf der gegenberliegenden Seite arbeitet.
Zwei Personen essen zusammen eine Mahlzeit.
Ein Mann auf einem Feld, der einen Rucksack trgt, Schafe und Berge hinter ihm.
Drei Feuerwehrangehrige  sprechen neben einem Lschfahrzeug miteinander.
Ein stdtischer Markt auf einer Strae im Vordergrund, mit stdtischen Gebuden im Hintergrund.
Ein paar Leute auf einer Terrasse, und es gibt ein Feuer.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Feld in der Nhe eines Rucksacks.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten an einem groen Gebude.
Zwei lchelnde blonde Mdchen in rosafarbenen Hosen schaukeln von einer Metallstange.
Ein kleiner Junge, der mit Haarteilen herumluft
Zwei groe deutsche Schferhunde, die im Wasser spielen.
Der Hund springt in die Luft, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Ein kleines, gelb gekleidetes Mdchen hlt zwei rote Griffe.
Eine blonde Dame, die mit einem Kind dasitzt.
Ein Kind in Bluejeans und schwarzen Socken schlft unter einer rosafarbenen Decke mit Wirbeldesign.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hemd brstet eine Ziege.
Ein Mdchen berhrt mit geschlossenen Augen die Wangen eines Jungen.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hemd balanciert auf wassergefllten Behltern mit Krabben und Fischen.
Eine Gruppe sitzt hinter einem Tim Hortons-Schild und beobachtet ein Ereignis.
Ein Mann steht an einem Gelnder mit Blick ber eine Stadt und liest etwas.
Ein Junge mit Mehl im Gesicht in gestreiftem Hemd, Latzhose und Schrze bereitet einen Teig zu.
Ein Junge hlt sich an einer Anlegestelle an einem blauen Griff.
Ein Mann sprich in ein Mikrofon, whrend ein anderen Mann ber die vorliegende Situation nachdenkt.
Ein Mann schlft neben einer Wasserflasche auf einem Karton im Freien.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit weiem Kleid bereitet sich darauf vor, die Bltenbltter fr einen Hochzeit zu streuen.
Ein Skater fhrt sein Skateboard auf einer Rampe.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen, der auf einem Stuhl steht und eine Htte macht.
Zwei dunkel gekleidete Wanderer machen auf einem schneebedeckten Gipfel Rast.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Kopfbedeckung und gedehnten Ohrlppchen steht vor einem Essensverkaufsstand.
Ein Mann angelt bei Sonnenuntergang an einer Anlegestelle.
Ein Mann klettert auf Metallpfosten, die aneinander befestigt sind.
Ein kleines Kind, das in einem Traktorgreifer sitzt und im Schmutz spielt.
Ein weier Hund mit einem Stock im Maul, der neben einem schwarzen Hund steht.
Das Paar steht sich gegenber und ksst sich.
Ein Mann mit roter Mtzen und Stift hinter dem Ohr ist kurz davor, etwas zu sagen.
Eine junge Dame in Gelb fttert ein kleines Kind am Tisch.
Ein Mann mit einer gelben Warnweste und einem Schutzhelm fhrt einen Traktor.
Ein Mann steht im Freien an eine Wand gelehnt mit Tennisschlger im Dunkeln.
Zwei einander zugewandte Beachvolleyballspielerinnen, die sich darauf vorbereiten, den Ball zu schlagen.
Ein Mann hlt einen Fisch in beiden Hnden.
Ein Mann mit Brille, der auf ein rundes Spiegelobjekt blickt, das von oben herunterhngt.
Fnf Zuschauer beobachten zwei Wagen, die auf einer Rennstrecke Rennen fahren.
Mehrere Leute sitzen auf Decken in einem Park mit blhenden rosafarbenen Kirschblten.
Ein Mann auf der Bhne spielt Gitarre.
Ein Wanderer wandert einen baumlosen Pfad einen Hgel hinauf.
Mehrere Personen stehen in der Nhe eines Essensverkufers in einem Park.
Ein Mann mit einem Fanghandschuh ist auf einem Feld und lehnt sich zur Seite.
Ein Souschef hackt eine Gurke fr einen Salat.
Es scheint mir, sie versuchen Bezeichnungen dafr herauszufinden, was in den Flaschen ist.
Es sind viele Blle in unterschiedlichen Farben zu sehen.
Der Hund hlt etwas im Maul und wadet durch flaches Wasser.
Ein Mann in gelben Hosen, der einer Menschenmenge etwas vorfhrt.
Ein junger Mann mit gelben Hosen, der tanzt, whrend ihm eine Menschenmenge zusieht.
Eine Person mit einem Rucksack auf einem Feld
Eine kleine Gruppe sitzt am Ufer eines groen Gewssers im Gras.
Ein Mann starrt in die Kamera, whrend er Zitronen schneidet.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute stehen und sitzen um einen Tisch herum und essen und trinken miteinander.
Eine asiatische Frau, die mit einem Lffel isst.
Ein Mann mit einem orangefarbenen Hemd springt, whrend er auf einer groen Trommel spielt.
Eine Frau mit Brille, die aus einem Schnapsglas trinkt
Ein Straenfest, ein Junge und ein Mann kochen etwas wie Texas Smoked-Fleisch und Fugnger gehen vorbei.
Ein lterer Mann und ein jngerer Mann schtteln sich auf einem Baseballplatz die Hnde.
Ein weier Mann mit Haaren und Bart und einem Kind auf den Schultern.
Ein Mann fllt von der Decke auf ein Bett.
Ein kleines Kind neben einem Wasch-Trockner hlt einen Schrubber.
Ein Wanderer entspannt sich auf einem Lehmhgel.
Drei Mnner grillen auf einem Grill auf einer Veranda mit einem weien Zaun.
Eine lachende blonde Frau auf einer Couch, die ihre Lippen schrzt.
Ein Mann, der Helm und Rucksack trgt, auf einem Motorrad in einem trockenen Feld
Eine Person fhrt mit dem Gelndemotorrad ber Steine und Wasser.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen in einer urbanen Umgebung mit groen Rdern.
Eine Dame im Wasser schlgt eine Tte auf einen Stein.
Ein Taxi mit einer Mama Mia-Werbung darauf.
Der weie Hund mit schwarzen Tupfern fngt eine rote Frisbeescheibe.
Eine Person hngt beim Versuch, zu klettern, von einer Felswand.
Eine Person, die versucht, an einem groen moosbedeckten Felsen hochzuklettern
Eine Person steht  auf einem felsigen Kliff und blickt ber das Land.
Ein Mann klettert an einem Seil ein Kliff hoch.
Ein Mann, der im Wald an Felsen klettert, umgeben von Licht.
Ein glckliches Paar, das seine Hochzeit im Freien geniet.
Ein Junge schlgt einen Ball von einem Tee.
Ein Mann in gelbem Hemd, der auf den Boden blickt.
Ein Mann springt vor einer Kstenlandschaft mit Wasser und Bergen im Hintergrund in die Luft.
Zwei Hunde, die im Wasser um einen Stock kmpfen.
Ein dreifarbiger Hund springt und fngt eine rosafarbene Frisbee-Scheibe, die in Mann in kurzen Hosen geworfen hat.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern, die an einer Bar trinkt.
Bauarbeiter mitten bei der Arbeit an einem Haus.
Ein Mann, der in einem Raum eine Leiter aufstellt.
Gruppe, die einen Brunnen betrachtet, in einer stdtischen Skyline mit Palmen.
Kleine Kinder, die alle um ein nicht zu sehendes Objekt herumfassen.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das versucht wie Spiderman an der Ecke einer Wand hochzuklettern.
Mdchen, das eine aufblasbare Rutsche hinunterrutscht
Ein Mann und seine Frau, wie sie Hand in Hand die Strae entlang gehen.
Zwei Jungen, die an der Wasserkante entlang rennen.
Ein Hund macht auf einem Tuch neben seinem Lieblingsspielzeug, einem Plsch-Hundertfler, ein Schlfchen.
Ein Chevrolet, der auf einer Messe ausgestellt ist
Ein grauer Hund klettert einen niedrigen Ast in einem Park hoch.
Zwei Mdchen spielen auf einem eingezunten Platz.
Ein junger brauner Welpe in einem Hof zieht einen Ast mit Blttern, der sich zwischen seinen Zhnen befindet.
Ein Mann, der mit Holz arbeitet und Freude daran hat.
Eine Frau fhrt einen frisch gebackenen Kuchen vor und hlt ihn dazu ber ihren Kopf.
Eine Frag, die hochhackige Schuhe und einen Hut trgt.
Eine Frau schaukelt an einem Seil mit Blick auf ein rotes Bauernhaus, eingezunte Weiden und hohe Bume.
Ein Junge mit Brille fhrt in der Nhe eines groen Baums in ruhigem Wasser Kajak.
Bei einem Jack-Russell-Terrier wird Weitsprung gemessen, als er versucht, eine Frisbeescheibe zu fangen.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Hemd stellt, die Tpferwaren herstellt.
Zwei Jungen, die auf einer Wiese rennen
Zwei Hunde spielen auf einer Wiese.
Ein Mdchen macht ein Foto, whrend sie die Hand ber der Linse des Fotoapparats hlt.
Ein Mann sprht ein Muster in Sand.
Zwei Leute in altmodischer Kleidung posieren vor einer Imbisstheke.
Zwei lachende Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch mit Getrnken.
Zwei Arbeiter befinden sich auf einer Hubbhne, einer lehnt sich mit einem Sicherheitsgeschirr hinaus und der andere lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein Mann in Mtze und Jacke liest in der Nhe von Mlltonnen und Graffiti Zeitung.
Leute gehen auf einer belebten Strae in der Stadt aneinander vorbei und sprechen in ihre Handys.
Ein Mdchen mit Zpfen lchelt.
Ein Junge sitzt in einem Spielzeugauto und trinkt aus seiner Flasche.
Ein Techniker, der sich bei der Reparatur einer Maschine nach vorn beugt.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Hemd, der neben einer Maschine steht
Ein frmlich gekleideter Mann spielt Gitarre und singt.
Ein Mann, der mit Feuer in um die 5 Tpfen gleichzeitig kocht!
Zwei Jungen machen neben einem Schild Faxen.
Ein frisch vermhltes Paar springt vor Freude auf der chinesischen Mauer.
Eine asiatische Frau steht neben Krben voller orangefarbener Frchte.
Zwei Frauen liegen verkehrt herum auf einem weien Bett.
Ein Mann fhrt einen blauen Gabelstapler durch eine Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann mit einem weien T-Shirt fhrt mit einem Jojo Kunststcke vor.
Ein junger Mann schaut in das Maul einer eidechsenartigen Figur.
Zwei Mnner sitzen nebeneinander in einem Boot auf dem Wasser.
Zwei Baseballspieler stehen am Pitchers Mound und flstern miteinander.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund rennt einem groen braunen Hund mit einem grnen Objekt im Maul nach, whrend ein anderer groer brauner Hund hinterher luft.
Vier Mdchen posieren vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein alter Mann in einem grnen Hemd sitzt auf dem Bordstein und hlt eine Kamera.
Diese Dame im bedruckten Kleid schlt Lebensmittel fr das Abendessen.
Ein kleiner Junge schlgt am Strand ein Rad.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart fhrt mit dem Aufzug.
Ein Kind mit einer blauen Mtze befindet sich neben einem unlackierten Holzzaun.
Ein weier Mann, der spazieren geht.
Ein Silberreiher steht auf einem Felsen an einem Flussufer.
Ein Mann, der in einem blauen Kajak im Wasser paddelt.
Der Schuhputzer, der Schuhe putzt, um seinen Lebensunterhalt zu verdienen, putzt die schwarzen Lederschuhe eines Manns in hbschen Anzugshosen.
Ein Mann, der bei einer archologischen Grabung Knochen und Werkzeuge ausgrbt.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern stehen mit ihren Motorrdern herum und trinken Wasser.
Ein afrikanischer Junge treibt sein Ochsengespann eine unbefestigte Strae entlang.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre im Park, whrend Leute auf Bnken sitzen.
Der dicke alte Mann schlft im Stuhl ein.
Ein Mann mit weiem T-Shirt hlt einen Schirm und einen Eiswagen.
Ein Mann mit Jeans und grauem Hemd steht hinter einer besprhten Ziegelmauer.
Ein Mdchen in einem gestreiften Oberteil hlt sich ein ses Brtchen an den Mund.
Fnf Leute, die in der ffentlichkeit Saiteninstrumente spielen.
Eine Person mit einem braunen Hemd, die am Meer ein Baby in einem Sportwagen schiebt.
Zwei Personen in warmer Kleidung, die auf einem Berg Essen zubereiten.
Drei Mnner in Fischermtzen stehen auf Felsen.
Die barfige Frau mit Sonnenbrille sitzt im Baum.
Eine Gruppe geht auf einem Pfad in der Nhe des Sees.
Ein grau gekleideter Mann hlt seinen Hund an der Leine, whrend sein Sohn auf seinen Schultern sitzt.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem holzgetfelten Raum.
Vier Teenager in Schuluniformen gehen eine tropische Strae entlang.
Ein Mdchen mit bemaltem Gesicht steht neben anderen Kindern.
Zwei Frauen fahren ihre Dreirder.
Der schwarze Hund und der weie Hund scheinen sich darauf vorzubereiten, miteinander zu kmpfen.
Ein Gitarrist spielt, whrend im Hintergrund welche mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen spielen.
Ein Junge, der einen roten Schal um den Kopf trgt und auf dessen einer Wange mit roter Farbe free geschrieben ist.
Eine Dame in einem blauen Kleid, die singt.
Eine Sngerin und ihre Band treten auf der Bhne eines Clubs auf.
Ein Mann, der mit seiner Band Gitarre spielt
Ein Mann, eine Frau und ein Kind, die lchelnd auf einem Sofa sitzen
Ein Mdchen, das neben einem Maschendraht an einem Seil hngt.
Das Mdchen mit Bluejeans und weiem Oberteil balanciert auf einem Bein.
Ein Junge auf einem Spielplatz nimmt eine meditative Haltung ein.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Trikot mit der Nummer fnfundzwanzig kickt einen weien Fuball auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann berhrt die Seite seines Gesichts.
Ein kleiner Junge steht neben einem Fenster und weint.
Ein Mann putzt sein Boot in der Einfahrt.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd und gelbbrauner Mtze lehnt sich in jemandes Kche an ein Gelnder.
Eine Frau, die eine Zigarette raucht, beugt sich im Gesprch mit jemandem vor.
Ein schwarzer Mann sitzt konzentriert an einer Nhmaschine, umgeben von Stoffen in leuchtende Farben, die an das Auenfenster eines Stuckgebudes gehngt sind.
Ein Mann sitzt im Freien und bgelt, drei Leute sehen zu.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen im Wohnzimmer, spielen Videospiele und trinken Softdrinks aus Dosen.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht, sein Fahrrad zu reparieren.
Der schwarze Hund kommt aus dem Wasser, nachdem er etwas mit seinen Zhnen herausgefischt hat.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Helm, der Kajak fhrt.
Ein Mann in einem Kajak, das in unruhigem Wasser schwimmt.
Eine Person in einer Warnweste, die einen Lkw schiebt.
Drei Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen, die eine Jeep aus einem Graben ziehen, whrend einer im Inneren sitzt.
Zwei Mnner, die weie Cowboyhte tragen.
Ein brauner Hund rennt mit etwas im Maul durch das Gras.
Ein paar Damen laufen barfu am Strand.
Ein Mann mit einer Schwimmweste auf einem kleinen Boot liest eine Karte.
Zwei rosa gekleidete Mdchen spielen auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd spielt Gitarre fr eine Frau mit weiem Hemd.
Ein Baseball -Schlagmann, der seinen Arm hebt.
Frauen, die auf dem Gegenstnde eine unbefestigte, auf einer Seite begrnte Strae entlang tragen.
Zwei Mdchen auf einem Klettergerst.
Der Mann trgt Sicherheitsausrstung, whrend er den schwarzen Hund trainiert.
Ein bunt gekleideter Mann mit weier Sonnenbrille spielt mit den Hnden eine groe Trommel.
Ein Junge in einem Schwimmbecken, der mit einer grnen Wasserpistole spielt
Ein brauner Hund, der auf Kies liegt, mit Gras und Bumen im Hintergrund.
Ein stmmiger Mann in orangefarbenem Overall, der neben einer grau gekleideten Frau auf der Autobahn steht, whrend ein Motorrad mitten auf der Autobahn auf der Seite liegt.
Ein Traktorfahrer zieht zwei Kinder mit.
Zwei Personen wandern drauen in einem Naturgebiet.
Ein Mann und sein Hund in den Bergen.
Zwei Jungen steigen in einen Lieferwagen, und ein jngerer sitzt in einem Autositz.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern, die mit Reifen spielen.
Eine Frau sitzt mit geschlossenen Augen in der U-Bahn und hlt einen weien Karton.
Zwei Hunde spielen miteinander
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt ins Wasser.
Ein kleiner Hund und ein groer Hund mit einem Seil im Maul.
Ein Mann im Anzug geht an einem Gebude vorbei, whrend die Motorhaube eines Autos ein verzerrtes Bild dieses Gebudes reflektiert.
Eine Person mit zwei Skistcken, die einen verschneiten Hgel hinunter Ski fhrt.
Sieben Personen fahren auf einem grnen Flo in einem Fluss mit schumendem Wasser.
Viele Leute gehen durch einen Part mit vielen Bumen.
Eine Frau mit weiem Oberteil und grnen Hosen beschftigt sich mit grnem Gemse.
Ein Mann berquert die Strae.
Eine groe Frau mit kurzem Haar schlft in der ffentlichkeit auf einem Stuhl.
Leute gehen in einer nchtlichen Umgebung umher.
Ein Mann schneidet Lebensmittel, um sie in einer Markthalle in Schsseln zu geben.
Vier Skifahrer, die einen schneebedeckten Berg erklimmen.
Ein blondhaariges Mdchen mit Brille, das an einem Tisch im Restaurant sitzt.
Eine Person, die in turbulentem Wasser Wildwasser-Rafting macht.
Ein junger Mann in Shorts blickt auf einen Bach neben einer Felswand.
Ein Junge auf einer grnen Plastikschaukel.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd will die Strae berqueren, whrend ein Polizeiauto vorbei fhrt.
Der kleine Junge spielt in der Nhe von Reifen.
Eine Frau, die etwas isst und auf einem winzigen Hocker neben einem Propangrill sitzt.
Eine Frau in blauen Shorts, die barfu am Strand entlanggeht
Zwei Mnner in trkiser Arbeitskleidung stehen vor einem Cafe mit Open-Anzeige.
Eine Person in einem Kilt geht eine berfhrung entlang.
Ein Junge und ein mnnliches Kleinkind stehen an einem Brunnen.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten geht am Strand entlang.
Ein Surfboarder kommt mit seinem Surfboard aus dem Meer, whrend hinter ihm die Wellen brechen.
Fnf junge Leute bereiten in einer Kche Essen zu und sehen fern.
Ein einzelner Kletterer in einem Klettergurt, der an einer groen Felswand klettert.
Nahaufnahme der Beine eines Mannes auf einem Fahrradpedal.
Fnf Mnner auf fnf Leitern putzen Fenster an Gebuden im Alpenstil.
Leute klettern an einem seltsamen abgesperrten Bauwerk.
Ein braun-weier Hund, der durch Herbstlaub rennt.
Ein Junge fhrt Skateboard und springt ber ein anderes Skateboard.
Ein schlammiges Kind springt in noch mehr Schlamm auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau mit grnem Jackett drckt den Taster, um die Strae zu berqueren.
Ein lteres paar geht an einem sonnigen Tag an einem Juweliergeschft vorbei.
Ein schmaler Bach verluft zwischen laubbedeckten Hgeln.
Ein Mann im Taucheranzug hlt eine Kiste.
Ein Mdchen am Strand, das gerade aus dem Meer kommt.
Ein junger Mann mit Bierflasche und Zigarette spritzt eine Flssigkeit auf die Holzkohle in einem Grill.
Ein Mdchen, das im Gras liegt
Ein Taucher unter Wasser, der ein kleines Krustentier in den Hnden hlt.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das einen hell erleuchteten Flur entlang rennt.
Asiatische Mdchen, die an einem Flussufer Rast machen.
Drei Personen posieren vor einem groen weien Gebude.
Junge Schler spielen Musikinstrumente in einem Orchester.
Zwei Mnner sind untertage und scheinen Bergbauarbeiten zu erledigen.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann mit Strohhut, der Gitarre spielt, und ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille, der zuhrt und lchelt.
Jungen klettern in einem schmutzigen Fluss an Holzpfosten hoch.
Ein lterer afroamerikanischer Mann in einem gelben Hemd steht vor einem Informationsstand.
Drei ltere Frauen, die gehen, von hinten.
Ein Mann mit verbundenen Augen zielt auf eine Pinata, whrend Leute hinter ihm vom Deck aus zusehen.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd, der in der Hocke sitzt und an einem schwarzen Fahrrad arbeitet.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid steht neben einem rosafarbenen Fahrrad.
Ein wei gekleideter Mann putzt den Boden.
Eine Frau malt ein Bild eines groen Gebudes, das im Hintergrund zu sehen ist.
Kinder lesen und schreiben.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack und Spazierstock erkundet ein bergiges Gelnde.
Mnner arbeiten auf einer Baustelle.
Eine Gruppe Frauen, die unglcklich aussehen, in einer Kche sitzen und miteinander reden.
Zwei Leute sitzen auf einem Felsen mit Blick auf den Fluss.
Ein Mann sitzt im Gras und hlt ein Baby vor sich.
Ein Mann sgt ein Stck Holz durch, um einen Zaun zu reparieren.
Eine Band spielt vor einem kleinen Publikum im Freien.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem Rad.
Zwei junge schwarze Mnner in Bluejeans sitzen vor einer Hngematte.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten geht eine lndliche Strae entlang.
Zwei asiatische Frauen, die etwas erledigen, und ein schner Bambus-Hintergrund.
Drei groe Hunde neben einem Haus rennen schnell.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen, die die Strae entlang laufen und alle offene Regenschirme tragen, um sich vor dem vom Himmel fallenden Regen zu schtzen.
Eine Frau, die auf einer Kchentheke Sushi zubereitet.
Der brauen Hund luft durch einen von Bschen umgebenen Fluss.
Ein afrikanisches Mdchen in einem weien Stuhl richtet einem anderen Mdchen die Haare.
Ein afroamerikanisches Kind in einem roten Flanellhemd schlft auf einer Hngematte aus geflochtenen Seilen.
Ein kleiner Junge rutscht auf einer roten Rutschbahn.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Kleid, die eine Zigarette raucht, tanzt mit einem Partner.
Zwei junge Mnner springen ber zwei groe Holzstmme.
Ein Mann, der einen kleinen orange gekleideten Jungen in eine Kinderschaukel setzt.
Zwei Mnner, die Frisbee spielen und miteinander kmpfen.
Eine lchelnde Frau in einem orangefarbenen Rock hlt eine offene Aktentasche, in der ein Zimmermannshammer zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann gibt Personen im hinteren Teil des Zuges Anweisungen.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd in einer unaufgerumten Kche hlt ein Nudelholz und raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein Mann, der einen Kran bedient und in einem Schutzkabine sitzt, konzentriert sich.
Zwei Personen befinden sich in einem langen Holzboot auf einem Gewsser.
Ein junges Paar auf einer belebten Strae isst Snow-Cone-Eis.
Ein junger Mann klappt eine Schweiermaske hoch, whrend ein Mdchen zusieht, Sixpack, Grill und Kreidebotschaft im Hintergrund.
Leute stehen auf einem Bahnsteig und warten auf den Zug.
Ein schlafendes Baby mit Latz, das auf einer Decke liegt.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann auf dem Brgersteig einer Stadt spielt Akkordeon.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Tisch und isst und trinkt.
Zwei Taucher kommunizieren unter Wasser mit einem Delphin.
Drei Frauen im Freien sind alle gleich angezogen und sprechen miteinander.
Schwarze Frauen machen zuhause Kleidung.
Ein Mann mit mittellangen Haaren und nacktem Oberkrper, der eine rote Beanie und blaue Shorts trgt, auf einem Knie am Strand, wie er eine Sandburg mit einer Rinne formt.
Ein blonder Junge auf einem weien Stuhl, der ein Brot isst.
Ein paar Cowboys, die auf einen Wettbewerb warten, wo sie ein lebendes Tier fangen.
Eine Gruppe wei gekleideter Menschen steht bei weien Ziegen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich am Strand.
Eine Frau vor einem Laden putzt die Fenster.
Streetdancing auf einem Stck Kunststoff, whrend eine Gruppe Jugendlicher herumsteht und zusieht.
Ein Quarterback in einem Football-Spiel steht kurz davor, einen Pass von der Endzone aus zu werfen.
Ein kleines Mdchen auf einer Fubrcke im Wald umarmt ihren Bruder.
Ein Mdchen geht an geparkten Autos vorbei bergab.
Ein Junge versucht, ein Fliegengitter an einem Fenster anzubringen.
Ein junger schwarzer Mann, auf dessen Kopf zwei Pistolen gerichtet sind.
Ein Quarterback in Freiheitsstatuenhaltung wird von einem Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft von hinten gehalten.
Der Hund jagt die Ziege um den Hof.
Ein Mann vor einem Kind mit Jenga-Kltzen in einer Zwangsjacke, der versucht, sich daraus zu befreien.
Der kleine Junge ist mit einer erwachsenen Frau im Schwimmbecken.
Eine kaum belebte Arkade mit vielen hell erleuchtende Spielen und ein paar verstreuten Leuten.
A Mann in Tarnkleidung lenkt ein Motorrad ber Steine.
Vier junge Mnner vergngen sich mit einem Bad im rtlichen See.
Eine Familie sitzt in einem Park auf dem Gras.
Eine Pep-Band in rot-weien Uniformen sitzt in einem Stadion und spielt.
Eine Frau mit lockigen roten Haaren fotografiert im Freien.
Eine Frau, die in einer Arena mit Erdboden ein Pferd reitet und eine amerikanische Flagge trgt.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das seinem Bruder Zuneigung entgegenbringt.
Drei wei gekleidete Mdchen, die auf einen Brunnen zu rennen.
Eine Frau und ein Kind, die an einem mutwillig beschdigten Gebude vorbeigehen.
Ein Mdchen und ein Hund neben ihr blicken auf etwas in einem Bach.
Ein kleines Mdchen wirft Steine in einen Bach.
Ein sehr junges blondes Mdchen mit getupften rosafarbenen Hosen auf einem hlzernen Pfad im Wald.
Das Hund steht im Wasser neben dem Gras.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen langrmeligen Jacke weint vor Angst.
Eine Frau mit Einkaufstten, die an einer Unterfhrung vorbei geht.
Ein Mdchen in einem karierten Kleid geht auf dem Brgersteig an einem Steingebude vorbei.
Eine kostmierte Gruppe singt auf einem Mittelaltermarkt.
Zwei Frauen spielen nachts unter einem erleuchteten Zelt Keyboards.
Leute auf einer betonierten Flche fotografieren.
Ein kleiner Junge lchelt und zeigt auf etwas, whrend ein Mann in die Richtung blickt, in die das Kind blickt.
Der braune Hund beit gleich in einen Ball mit Pfotenmuster.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Hemden, die jeweils auf einem Arm stehen.
Nudelkche stehen nebeneinander und sortieren Nudeln.
Ein rot-wei gekleideter Mann spielt Banjo, andere sehen zu.
Ein Gruppe lchelnder junger Frauen, die zusammen posieren.
Eine Frau mit dunklen Haaren steht vor einem Tisch voller Gemse und hlt ein Stck Gemse.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen auf der Strae.
Ein Mann hlt ein Esswerkzeug und bereitet sich darauf vor, in das auf einen Teller gehufte Essen reinzuhauen.
Zwei Hunde balgen sich auf dem Boden.
Vier Mnner fahren in einer Linie Rollschuh, die hinteren drei halten sich jeweils an der Hfte des Mannes vor ihnen.
Eine Frau in einer dunklen Bar, die zu Leuten spricht.
Ein blondes Mdchen mit einem rosafarbenen Oberteil und Zpfen sitzt in einer Menschenmenge bei einem Mann auf der Schulter.
Ein Mann hngt ein Bild von einem Baum auf, eine Frau sieht zu.
Zwei Kinder spielen und ein Mann mit schwarzen Hosen ist in der Nhe der Kinder unterwegs.
Ein schlanker Hund rennt durch grnes Gras.
Drei nahstliche Mnner in Geschftskleidung sitzen um einen Tisch.
Ein rosa gekleidetes Mdchen zwirbelt ein Band.
Eine blonde Frau sitzt an einem Tisch und bietet einer anderen blonden Frau einen Teller mit Essen an.
Ein Mann, der Gitarre spielt und in die Kamera blickt.
Ein alter Mann in Tarnkleidung spricht zu einer Reihe von Kindern, die stramm stehen.
Ein Mdchen springt im Gras.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd lacht neben einer Frau in einem gelben Pullover, die einen rosafarbenen Luftballon hlt und ein rosafarbenes Diadem trgt.
Drei Hunde rennen ins Wasser.
Zwei Mdchen rennen mit einem Drachen im bewlkten Himmel ber ein Feld.
Ein Arbeiter vergewissert sich, dass seine Maschine richtig funktioniert.
Ein Mann mit grner Jacke, der ein groes Metallstck schweit.
Ein Schweier mit Maske, der schweit, wobei Funken vorbeifliegen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit lockigen schwarzen Haaren sitzt in einem blauen Stuhl auf dem Gehweg.
Ein ergrauender weier Mann mit Brille benutzt Schmiedewerkzeuge.
Ein Junge mit rotem Hemd zeigt auf etwas.
Eine aus 4 Personen bestehende Gruppe arbeitet mit viel Paper.
Ein junger Mann mit seinem Dirtbike befindet sich in einem Bach.
Vier Mnner blicken auf ein groes Schild.
Drei Mnner auf einem Gerst, das vor einem Gebude aufgestellt wurde.
Ein mit Schlamm bedeckter goldfarbener Hund, der durch die Wiese rennt
Zwei Kinder rennen im Sand das Ufer entlang.
Ein Hund mit einem gelben Tennisball und einem roten Geschirr rennt.
Ein Mann in Unterwsche und Tennisschuhen geht die Strae entlang.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt durch das Wasser.
Ein keiner Hund springt ins Wasser.
Drei Jungen springen und spielen im Heu.
Ein Mann hlt in jeder Hand eine Metallfelge und spricht mit anderen Personen.
Ein junger Mann mit braunen Augen ist angezogen wie Jack Sparrow.
Ein Mann mit Tanktop hlt ein Schild hoch, auf dem Mark Finley angekndigt wird.
Ein Junge, der in einem Schlauch auf dem Gras gleitet
Ein brauen Vogel sitzt auf einem Zweig.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Hemd trgt bunten Plastikschmuck.
Ein Mann mit einer Robe reitet auf einem Esel die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Wandtafel und hlt ein Buch.
Ein Mdchen und ein lterer Herr halten sich an den Hnden, whrend er auf etwas zeigt, das nicht im Bild zu sehen ist.
Die Mnner sprechen zu der Person im Polizeifahrzeug.
Ein Knstler zeichnet unter vollem Einsatz ein komisches Portrait.
Ein altes Paar geht einen Sandhgel hoch.
Eine Person hilft einer anderen Person bei bewlktem Himmel auf einen Sandhgel hinauf.
Zwei Fahrzeuge sind vor einem kleinen Laden geparkt.
Abwechslung ist das halbe Leben, egal in welcher Kultur.
Ein Bus, an dem ein Mechaniker arbeitet.
Ein Arbeiter, der auf einem hohen Gerst steht.
Mnner fhren Straenarbeiten aus, im Hintergrund brauen Hgel.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Kanu paddelt im Meer.
Ein paar Leute im Badeanzug stehen alleine am Strand.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Oberteil und roten kurzen Hosen sitzt am Ufer eines Sees.
Eine Lehrerin zeigt ihren Schlerinnen etwas auf einer Projektor-Leinwand.
Eine Frau und ein Mdchen hngen Wsche auf die Leine.
Zwei Wanderer auf einem schneebedeckten Berg machen Pause.
Eine sehr groe Gruppe steht im Freien unter schnen Wolken.
Eine Person, die einem Raum voller Leute aus einem Buch vorliest.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Brcke an einem Fluss und spielt Akkordeon.
Ein paar Bauarbeiter arbeiten auf einer Plattform an einem Gebude.
Ein Postmann in seinem Lieferwagen, der vor einem Tor steht.
Ein Kind, das bei geffnetem Fenster im Auto schlft
Ein Mdchen mit lockigen Haaren, das ein weies Oberteil mit Totenkopfbild trgt.
Ein Mdchen zieht fr die Kamera eine Grimasse.
Ein Mann mit einer orangefarbenen Warnweste und einem Schutzhelm bedient eine Baumaschine.
Ein Junge mit roter Jacke macht einen Handstand im Gras.
Ein Kleinkind in einem Park rennt auf die Kamera zu.
Ein Hund und ein Sandsturm.
Eine ltere Frau mit einem Taschentuch und einem Stock steht auf einer matschigen gepflasterten Strae.
Ein Mann mit einem Lcheln, der auf dem Boden sitzt und sein Fahrrad repariert.
Eine Gruppe steht in einem Gebude und unterhlt sich.
Ein Mann steht auf einem roten Gerst.
Ein Mann mit Arbeitshandschuhen und Werkzeuggrtel klettert auf das Gerst an einem gelb-weien Gebude.
Zwei Kinder blicken auf etwas aufregendes, das ihnen eine erwachsene Person zeigt.
Zwei Mnner versuchen, den Zement vom Boden zu kratzen, um ihn eben zu machen.
Eine Band spielt auf einer Strae, Zuhrer sehen zu.
Ein Skateboardfahrer mit schwarzen Jeans, weiem T-Shirt und roter Schildkappe, wie er von einer Rampe abhebt und in der Luft schwebt.
Vier Personen vor Wells Fargo.
Zwei Personen vor einer beleuchteten Bhne halten ihre Hnde ber einer dritten Person zusammen.
Ein Kind, das etwas grnes trgt, springt auf dem Trampolin.
Eine Gruppe College-Studenten versammelt sich im Gemeindezentrum.
Eine Familie wandert durch eine felsige Landschaft.
Eine Fangruppe in einem Stadion ist rot gekleidet und jubelt.
Eine Frau, die in einem Caf sitzt und liest
Ein afroamerikanischer Mann blickt durch ein Mikroskop, an der Wand ein Poster mit "Blood Cells".
Drei Personen spielen in den schneebedeckten Straen einer Stand.
Zwei Jungen in einem Park kicken eine Ball hin und her.
Mnner in Drag vor einem Laden.
Ein Junge mit einem orangefarbenen Ball liegt vor einer Reihe blauer Autos.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Handtuch neben einem Waschbecken.
Eine Frau brstet Schmutz und Staub von einem potenziellen Fundstck.
Ein Hund rennt auf einem Feld.
Ein Kleinkind, das mit einer gelben Flasche in einer Schaukel im Park sitzt.
Ein Paar spricht mit einem Mann, der bei einem Hackbrett sitzt.
Zwei Gleitschirmflieger auf einem offenen Feld.
Ein Kind, das einen Cowboyhut trgt und zu einem anderen Kind rennt.
Ein Junge versucht, einen Krbis an in einem Krbisfeld an seinem Stiel hochzuheben.
Asiatisch gekleidete Menschen in einem Festzug.
Ein dnner brauner Hund luft auf einem groen Stck eines flach liegenden Baums.
Ein Mann arbeitet am Fenster des alten Gebudes.
Ein Mann blickt in den Spiegel und rasiert sich, whrend ihn eine Frau fotografiert.
Ein Junge zeigt ein ungewhnliches Interesse an Schuhen.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd, blauer Mtze und Schrze steht an einem Sommertag vor dem Candy Cafe.
Ein Mdchen sitzt am Stand und starrt auf das Meer.
Der braun-weie Hund zwickt den gelben Hund.
Ein Mdchen mit Brille und Einkufer in einem Andenkenladen.
Ein Mann mit einem seltsamen Helm sitzt auf einem blauen Motorrad.
Ein schlafendes kleines Kind hlt ein Plschtier.
Ein lterer Mann mit einer Gitarren in den Hnden sitzt angelehnt.
Drei Personen tragen Roben, zwei davon spielen Blasinstrumente.
Ein Mann spielt im Freien auf einem Brgersteig Geige.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Pullover, der angelt.
Ein Mann, der einen Fahrradreifen repariert, whrend ein Kunde ihm Fragen stellt.
Eine Menschenmenge steht auf der Strae.
Eltern bringen einem kleinen Kind Eislaufen bei.
Ein Junge springt von einem aufblasbaren Wassergefhrt herunter.
Ein Junge steht auf einer Schaukel vor einer blauen Rutsche.
Draufgnger beim Mountainboarding in einer Schlucht
Zwei ltere Mnner in einem weien Raum spielen mit einer Marmorskulptur.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer Schaukel lacht.
Eine aus zwei Mnnern und einer Frau bestehende Band spielt fr eine Gruppe von Leuten.
Zwei kahlgeschorene Mnner mit weien Oberteilen ben das Tauchen.
Zwei Wettbewerbsteilnehmer, von denen einer der US Air Force angehrt, im Ringkampf
Ein paar Babys in Sportwgen, die viele Dinge anstaunen.
Zwei Mnner im Umgang mit einem grauen Hund mit einer blauen Schnur mit Knoten im Maul.
Ein Mann in T-Shirt und Shorts, der einen Football kickt
Ein Mann mit einem Kanu und einem aufgeschlagenem Zelt befindet sich am Strand.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper bereitet beim Campen am Strand eine Mahlzeit zu.
Ein paar Leute joggen im Dunkeln auf einem Pfad im Freien.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt im Heu.
Ein Mann ist beim lesen von The Da Vinci Code eingeschlafen.
Ein Mann mit blauen Hosen bckt sich, um etwas vom Boden aufzuheben.
Ein Mann mit einem Alaska-Sweatshirt und Baseballkappe kauft Lotteriescheine.
Zwei Mnner bauen etwas zusammen.
Ein Mdchen spielt mit einer Halskette, hinter ihr scheint die Sonne.
Ein kleiner weier Hund bettelt.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das auf dem Boden sitzt und einen Gitarrenhals hlt.
Ein Mann mit Brille grillt Saitenwrstchen und Buletten auf einem Grill.
Ein Junge mit roter Mtze fotografiert.
Ein kleines Kind fotografiert mit einer Kamera auf einem Stativ.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Oberteil und rosafarbenen Hosen steht hinter einem Tisch, auf dem Kuchen, Erdbeeren und Punsch angerichtet sind.
Eine Frau ffnet unter Freunden ein Geschenk.
Zwei graue Hunde und eine schwarzer Hund spielen in einem Teich unter einer berfhrung.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch neben der Kche.
Drei Personen in einem Zug, die Spielkarten halten und lcheln.
Zwei Hunde und ein Welpe.
Ein Mann spritzt eine Flssigkeit aus einem langen Schlauch auf den Strand.
Mehrere Personen fhren einen synchronisierten Tanz mit Sprngen auf.
Ein kleiner Junge packt Sachen aus einem Einkaufswagen auf das Kassenband.
Ein Mann in einem glnzenden Astronautenanzug posiert fr einen Fotografen auf einem Brgersteig in der Stadt.
Ein junger Mann mit blauem Oberteil hat seinen Arm und eine Frau mit roter Jacke gelegt.
Ein Mdchen klettert auf einem Klettergerst.
Rot und gelb gekleidete asiatische Kinder mit schwarzen Knieschonern fahren auf einer groen, glnzenden gefliesten Flche Rollschuh.
Drei Jungen spielen am Strand Fangen.
Ein Mdchen rutscht mit angehobenen Armen eine rot-weie Rutsche herunter.
Drei Schwimmer schwimmen in unterschiedlichen Bahnen, vielleicht um die Wette.
Eine groe Menschengruppe in roten Soldatenjacken stehen in Reihen im Freien.
Ein Junge springt vom Oberteil einer blauen Plastikrutsche herunter.
Ein Mann mit karierten Hosen und schwarzem Jackett hlt ein Kellnertablett.
Ein Kletterer mit rotem Helm blickt den Felsen hinunter.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm arbeitet an Maschinen.
Ein Mann, der auf ein riesiges Blackberry zeigt.
Eine Gruppe gehender Frauen mit Handtaschen an den Schultern.
Ein Mann und eine Frau vor einem Gegenstnden gefllten Auto.
Ein Junge und eine Mdchen, die auf einer Wiese Baseball spielen.
Eine groe Menschenmenge spielt um einen Brunnen herum.
Das Bild zeigt einen Innenstadtbereich mit Leuten, die die Strae berqueren und auf dem Brgersteig gehen.
Eine Frau in Trainingshosen steht bei den Toiletten.
Eine Frau und ihre Tochter messen sich an dem Riesenlineal bei Washington Farms.
Mehrere Mnner, alle rot gekleidet, ziehen an einem Seil.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten, die auf Betonstufen bei einem ffentlichen Basketballfeld sitzen.
Ein blondes Mdchen , das ein grn eingepacktes Pckchen ffnet.
Ein Mann mit Zylinder, der auf dem Brgersteig neben der Strae Akkordeon spielt
Eine Frau, die einen Song vorsingt.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit blauem Hemd, der an einem Tisch im Freien Rippchen isst.
Ein Mann der am Rand eines groen Felsens steht und auf die malerische Landschaft blickt.
Ein Mann liest einer Menschenmenge etwas von einem Stck Papier vor, ein anderer Mann steht neben ihm.
Ein Junge im Schaumbad, der etwas in die Brste hinein schreit oder singt.
Ein Gruppe junger Leute sitzt im Freien und hrt dem Spiel einer Gitarre und einer Geige zu.
Ein Junge krabbelt mit einem Kleinkind.
Ein Mann mit einer Schrze steht in der Kche und hlt einen Teller.
Ein Junge hlt einem Pony einen roten Eimer hin.
Ein Mdchen unter 10 Jahren mit blondem Haar spielt neben einem Verkaufsstand im Hof eines Einkaufszentrums mit Seifenblasen.
Ein Mann im Anzug neben einem trkis gekleideten Mdchen spielt Dudelsack.
Ein Hund versucht, einen Schneeball in seinem Maul zu fangen.
Das mssen Sie Ihrem Chef antworten.
Eine Person, die neben ein paar anderen Zelten auf dem verschneiten Boden ein Zelt aufstellt.
Ein hndchenhaltendes Paar bleibt stehen, um etwas anzusehen.
Ein Junge spielt auf einer Spielplatzeinrichtung, die wie ein Seepferd aussieht.
Ein Junge schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein Junge mit nacktem Oberkrper und einem Volleyball in der Hand.
Eine Gruppe Schulkinder geht im Herbst einen Pfad in lndlichen Umgebung entlang.
Ein blondes Mdchen verteilt Nesquik-Pulver auf dem Tisch.
Ein Mann in Cowboystiefeln und Unterhosen, der eine Gitarre hlt, hlt den Arm einer Frau.
Ein junger asiatischer Mann, der eine Cola trinkt und mit Bleistift und Wrterbuch lernt.
Wenige Personen fahren auf einem Mllwagen mit.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd rhrt eine Schssel mit einer Mischung in der Nhe eines Herds mit zwei Pfannen.
Mehrere junge Frauen gehen einen schnen Korridor entlang.
Zwei asiatische Frauen und ein asiatisches Mdchen mit einem Dreirad stehen drauen im Schatten.
Ein kleiner Junge, der versucht, hochzuklettern.
Ein Junge mit blauer Jacke zieht etwas Schwarzes aus einer Stofftasche.
Ein Junge repariert das Rad seines Fahrrads.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd und roter Mtze fhrt auf einem mit Heu gefllten Wagen mit, der von einem weien Pferd gezogen wird.
Fnf Mnner in einem Restaurant, die fr ein Bild posieren.
Zwei Frauen in weien Kleidern gehen an einer Werbung vorber, auf der zwei Golfspieler abgebildet sind.
Eine Frau geht an einem Fluss entlang durch stdtische Gebude.
Ein Spieler des wei-blauen Teams kickt einen Fuball zu seinem Mitspieler, whrend Spieler des roten Teams zusehen.
Ein Hund spring die Dame an, der andere luft weg.
Ein Hund ruht sich auf einer Wiese aus.
Ein Mann reitet einen groen braunen Bullen.
Eine asiatische Frau mit gelbem Oberteil sieht sich an der Kasse Postkarten an.
Ein brauner Hund, der im Matsch spielt.
Viele Menschen, die auf dem Jahrmarkt ein Spiel mit Wasserspritzen spielen.
Zwei Personen tragen Helme, auf denen sich Kerzen befinden.
Ein schwarzhaariges Mdchen mit Zahnspange und Sonnenbrille posiert mit einem hlzernen Roboter.
Eine Frau, die in einem Waschsalon sitzt und in die Kamera blickt.
Eine Person mit vielen verschiedenen Waren, die unter mehreren anderen auf einer unbefestigten Strae steht.
Ein Mann, der mit einem gefllten Gef auf seinem Kopf geht.
Mehrere Menschen gehen in einem Gsschen mit Graffitis an den Wnden eine Treppe auf und ab.
Eine Menschenmenge vergngt sich am Strand.
Ein Mann mit Baseballkappe spielt mit einem Freund ein Schiespiel in einer Spielhalle.
Eine Gruppe fhrt ein Projekt fr eine Freiwilligenorganisation durch.
Zwei Fuballspieler verheddern sich miteinander, als beide versuchen, den Ball zu erreichen.
Ein junger Mann, der vor dem Meer Skateboard fhrt.
Eine Dame mit schwarzem Rock, die eine Strae entlang geht und auf dem Handy spricht.
Eine schwarze Frau geht auf eine Frau zu, die einen gelben Hut trgt.
Der Musiker in der braunen Jacke geht in Tennisschuhen.
Eine Frau mit antiquierter Kleidung, zu der auch viele Perlen gehren.
Ein Paar sitzt auf der Motorhaube eines Autos mit dem Rcken zur Kamera.
Ein Auto ist zum Teil in einem See versunken.
Drei Frauen in Schwarz sind nebeneinander in einem Zug.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Segelboot, whrend die Sonne hinter ihm untergeht.
Ein mnnliches Kleinkind untersucht ein Paar Bluejeans, eine erwachsene Person ist im Hintergrund.
Ein Unfallort, an dem ein Bus einen Motorradfahrer angefahren hat.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem roten Kleid steht auf einem Pfad im Wald, im Hintergrund ein Pferd.
Kostmierte Menschen stehen in einem Wald um einen Baum herum.
Ein Mdchen rennt am Strand entlang, davor sitzt eine junge Frau und spielt Gitarre.
Eine Frau, die einem kleinen Kind mit rotem Oberteil etwas aus einem Einkaufskorb gibt.
Ein Bauarbeiter hlt ein Stoppschild hoch, um den Verkehr zum Stillstand zu bringen.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einem Laden mit Donuts.
Die Hnde eines Mannes, die ein Stck Metall auf einer Schleifscheibe halten.
Eine blonde Frau, die eine Zigarette raucht, neben ihren Einkaufstten.
Zwei Mnner mit Werkzeuggrteln befestigen ein Schild an einem Gebude.
Zwei Personen posieren fr die Kamera.
Eine Gruppe sitzt an roten Tischen und Sthlen.
Eine Gruppe protestiert, indem sie Menschen verkauft.
Zwei Mnner schieben einen Wagen mit dem Bild einer Frau darauf.
Ein Mann steht auf seinem Holzkohlegrill.
Ein Mann mit Helm und grnem Roller steht in einem Park am Wasser.
Ein Motorradfahrer schwenkt nach links.
Eine Frau lehnt sich auf den Stuhl und spielt Elektrogitarre.
Bei einer Bhnenshow singt ein Mann und ein anderer spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann auf einer belebten Strae hlt eine Gitarre, andere Personen sehen ihn an.
Eine Frau singt in einem Club bei greller Beleuchtung.
Eine Frau mit blauem Oberteil und schwarzen Hosen geht eine Strae entlang.
Zwei Straenknstler geben auf einer Treppe eine Vorstellung fr Zuschauergruppe.
Ein Chor steht auf einer Bhne und singt ein Lied.
Leute singen in einer Kirche.
Ein gemischter Chor mittlerer Gre singt, whrend der Dirigent mit seinen Bewegungen dafr sorgt, dass der Takt gehalten wird.
Ein gefleckter Hund springt ber einen schlammigen Bach.
Ein Arbeiter mit heller Weste und schwarzer Kleidung hebt Mll vom Boden auf, hinter ihm berqueren welche die Strae.
Ein Mdchen am Strand mit Regenbogenfahnen.
Ein Mann in einem Schwimmbecken hlt einen lchelnden Jungen in einem Schwimmhilfsmittel.
Das ist Baby, das blau angezogen ist und barfu auf einem Stein steht.
Ein Kind mit grnen Schuhen, roten Shorts, blauer Mtze und blauem Oberteil steht auf einem Stck Asphalt.
Ein brauner Hund, der ber eine eingezunte Wiese trottet.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einem Krbis vor einem lebendigen Blumenarrangement im Freien.
Vier Soldaten, die Waffen halten, gehen und reden miteinander.
Zwei Mnner in Wanderstiefeln nehmen Kampfsporthaltungen ein.
Eine Frau und ein Mann, der Alkohol trinkt, auf einer Partynacht.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem slow-Schild lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein Hund, der gleich hochspringen wird, um eine Frisbee-Scheibe zu fangen.
Ein brauner Hund springt in die Luft, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Kopfball eines Mdchens, das Fuball spielt.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich mitten in einem Park hinter einen niedrigen Zaun.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Hemden unterhalten sich bei einer Videokamera.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten zusammen, um einen Mann zu interviewen, der in einem groen Saal zu interviewen.
Leute machen eine Demonstration und halten Schilder hoch.
Eine Frau auf einer Bhne, die ein Mikrofon hlt und neben einem Mann steht.
Zwei lchelnde asiatische Mnner feiern Geburtstag mit einem Schokoladenschichtkuchen mit einer Wunderkerze.
Ein grn gekleideter Mann beugt sich ber seine DJ-Ausrstung und stpselt ein Mikrofon ein.
Ein Mann hlt den Fu einer stehenden Frau samt Stiefel in den Hnden.
Drei Frauen in Zigeunerrcken stehen im Parkbereich von Notre Dame in Frankreich.
Eine Frau in einer Bar lacht.
Eine kleine Strae, auf der ein paar Leute entlang gehen.
Zwei Kinder bei einem Baum in der Nhe von Wasser.
Ein rosa gekleidetes Mdchen steht vor einem Mud-Kaffeewagen.
Das ist das Bild zweier asiatischer Mnner, die in der Nhe eines Moppaufsatzes in der Hocke sitzen.
Fugnger und Autos sind auf dem Times Square in New York unterwegs.
Ein Mann hilft einem kleinen Kind beim Einsteigen in einen Zug.
Drei Personen sitzen und essen in der Nhe von Bumen, im Hintergrund stehen drei Personen.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Tor in einem Hgel.
Ein Mann und eine Frau trinken etwas und amsieren sich in einem Nachtclub von Los Angeles.
Drei Kinder sitzen um einen Tisch herum und lesen Bcher.
Ein Junge steht neben einem Auto vor einer Wscheleine.
Leute sitzen mit Programmen in einem Saal.
Zwei gebckte Frauen, die auf dem Feld arbeiten, mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Sehr viele Skifahrer sind in einem Skigebiet versammelt.
Leute gehen durch ein schneebedecktes Feld mit einem Berg im Hintergrund.
Ein Erwachsener hilft einem Kind beim Anbringen der Schutzbrille.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Schild, blauen Oberteil und weien Hosen, die in der Menge steht und etwas isst.
Ein Junge in Baseballuniform auf einem Baseballfeld, der kniet, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Ein Mann mit langen Haaren und blauem Hemd sitzt mit geffnetem Gitarrenkoffer im Freien und lacht, whrend ein ebenfalls sitzendes Mdchen ihm zusieht.
Eine Frau, die einen Korb auf dem Kopf vom Wasser weg trgt.
Ein Hund schnffelt an einem frisch abgesgten Baumstumpf.
Zwei Hunde spielen im Gras.
Eingeborene, die zu Besuch sind und frische Lebensmittel zum Kaufen pflcken.
Eine Frau rennt am Strand.
Drei fr einen frmlichen Anlass gekleidete Frauen nehmen sich einen Moment Zeit fr ein Lcheln.
Ein Hund, der durch einen schwarz-weien Reifen springt.
Ein Mann, der bunte gemusterte Teppiche verkauft, trinkt an einem sonnigen Tag etwas aus einer Kaffeetasse.
Ein Mann mit langen dunklen Haaren und Schnurrbart geht in kurzen Hosen und Cowboyhut die Strae entlang.
Ein Motorradfahrer in orangefarbener Ausrstung macht einen Schlenker nach rechts.
Ein Mann steht im Regen und trgt ein Schild.
Ein Mann geht mit einem Seil eine senkrechte Felswand hinauf.
Vier Camper genieen einen Abend um ein Lagerfeuer
Ein Motorradfahrer mit rotem Helm fhrt mit einem blauen Motorrad auf der Strae.
Drei Mnner gehen vor einem weien Gebude.
Zwei orientalische Eidechsen kmpfen um die Vorherrschaft in einem kleinen Teich.
Ein Mann benutzt ein aufblasbares Spielzeug fr ein Spiel auf dem Rasen.
Eine Gruppe Rennautos fhrt auf einer Rennstrecke.
Eine Person mit Tattoos auf dem Arm und einem Motorradhelm auf dem Kopf.
Eine Familie und Freunde sitzen zum Essen an einem Tisch mit vielen Schsseln voller leckerem Essen.
Ein Collie rennt eine Rutsche herunter.
Ein Mann mit braunem Jackett steht zwischen einer Gruppe von Mnnern vor einer groen Maschine.
Eine Menschenmenge, die Treppen zu einer Plattform hochsteigt.
Zwei Mnner in einer Bar, die Grimassen ziehen und in der rechten Hand ein Getrnk halten.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit weiem Hemd trinkt ein Glas Bier.
Der Mann mit blauem Hemd und Helm ist bereit zu klettern.
Ein Mann bohrt ein Loch in einen Krbis.
Ein Mann macht eine Videoaufnahme von einem anderen Mann, der beginnt, an einer Metallkonstruktion hochzuklettern.
Ein Mann bereitet sich darauf vor, sich an einem Berg abzuseilen.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters in rotem Rock und brauner Bluse , die Tpferwaren herstellt.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Christian-Schild, whrend hinter ihm ein Zug vorbei fhrt.
Ein Hund springt im Gras und fngt eine Frisbee-Scheibe.
Junge Erwachsene grillen im Park.
Ein Mann mit weier Jacke hlt einen schwarzen Block.
Ein Mann, der im Winter vom Strand aus angelt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau genieen auf einer Treppe am Meer die Aussicht.
Ein Baby mit einem breiten Lcheln, das ein orangefarbenes Hemd und ein passendes Stirnband trgt.
Ein junger weier Mann mit kurzem Bart rockt auf seiner Gitarre.
Eine Frau auf einer Mauer, die das Gesicht eines Mannes berhrt, nachdem sie eine Pause vom Motorradfahren gemacht haben.
Eine erwachsene Frau und ein mnnliches Kind gehen an einer Anlegestelle entlang und halten einen Schirm, whrend es regnet,
Ein Schuljunge mit Rucksack, der von einer Mauer springt.
Ein lchelnder Mann mit weiem Hemd grillt an einem offenen Grill.
Ein weier Hund beobachtet einen schwarzen Hund in der Luft.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt nahe einer Felswand, um einen Ball im Maul zu fangen.
Ein Mann liest im Zug eine Zeitung.
Ein liegender Hund, der am Seitenspiegel eines gelben VW-Busses angebunden ist.
Zwei Mnner, die auf einer Bank zwischen zwei Bumen sitzen und auf eine Herbstlandschaft blicken.
Der Junge trifft den blau-weien Fuball mit dem Knie.
Ein Mann blickt konzentriert durch ein Mikroskop auf ein Objektglas.
Ein Kind, das in einem Sportwagen auf einem stdtischen Brgersteig sitzt, blickt zu einem Erwachsenen hoch.
Ein Mdchen im Kleinkindalter sitzt in einer Schaukel und lacht.
Eine aus sieben Personen bestehende Gruppe isst an einem Tisch mit schwarzer Tischdecke.
Zwei Mnner hacken in ihrem Hof Unkraut weg.
Ein Mann im roten Mantel fhrt ein Fahrzeug.
Eine Frau und ein kleiner schwarzer Hund, die auf dem Asphalt gehen
Eine Gruppe von Kindern, die im Gras rennen.
Ein Mann in Violett, Wei und Gelb auf Stelzen.
Ein Mann mit zerlumpter Kleidung, der auf einem Stuhl sitzt und etwas webt.
Ein Mann in einem geblmten Kostm und Hut fhrt auf der Strae einer Stadt etwas mit einem Hula-Hoop-Reifen vor.
Ein Mann mit grner Jacke und Strickmtze auf einem Markt im Freien sortiert Tomaten.
Zwei Hunde rennen durch die Brandung.
Ein Hund rennt durch hohes Gras, im Hintergrund eine Frau, die etwas Rotes trgt.
Eine Frau auf einem Brgersteig wartet auf etwas.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Brgersteig vor einem asiatischen Restaurant, whrend andere vorbeigehen.
Eine Gruppe steht um zwei sitzende Mnner herum, die Turbane tragen.
Bei einem Hockeyspiel versucht ein Goalie, einen Puck zu blockieren, der von einem Spieler geschlagen wird.
Eine asiatische Frau vor zwei Autos fhrt Fahrrad.
Eine Frau an einem Tisch strickt und sieht ein Hockeyspiel im Fernsehen.
Eine Frau arbeitet an etwas und hat Faden in der Hand.
Ein Junge in einer Schulkantine versucht einen anderen zu kssen.
Die Passagiere im Bus langweilen sich.
Ein lterer Mann mit Hut und Jackett fhrt mit dem Fahrrad einen mit Ziegeln gepflasterten Weg entlang, whrend weiter vorn Sonnenlicht durch Herbstbume strahlt.
Eine Gruppe arbeitet in einem Bro an einem Konferenztisch.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit Anzug und Brille macht in einer U-Bahn neben den Tren ein Nickerchen.
Ein Junge blickt nach unten und spreizt die Arme weit auseinander.
Eine Gruppe mit blauen Oberteilen, die im Gras steht.
Ein Fahrradfahrer und ein Mann im Anzug sitzen neben einem Brunnen und sprechen mit Handys.
Eine schnes Mdchen mit langen blonden Haaren, das einen blau-grnen Bikini trgt und eine Strae entlang geht
Ein Straenknstler mit weiem Gesicht sieht zu, wie die Leute vorbei gehen.
Eine Reihe von Menschen, die durch eine trockene Gegend an einem Schild vorbei gehen, wobei sie entweder zu Fu gehen oder Tiere reiten.
Ein verheiratetes Paar sitzt in einem Fahrzeug.
Mehrere Motorrder sind auf einem Parkplatz geparkt.
Ein kleines Mdchen rutscht auf einer spiralfrmigen Rutsche auf dem Spielplatz.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbenen Uniformen arbeiten im Freien und reinigen die Strae.
Es wird ein Polizist gezeigt, der auf einem Straenfest arbeitet.
Eine mnnliche Person steht an einer Base und wirft einen Ball.
Zwei Mdchen fahren rote Dreirder.
Eine schne Frau, die auf dem Fahrzeug einer Parade tanzt und einen kleinen Jungen hlt.
Ein Mann in Armeekleidung mit einem braunen Hund geht vom Unfallort weg.
Ein Mann in Militruniform steht neben einem Hund, der wie ein k-9-Militrhund aussieht, im Vordergrund ein Lautsprecher, im Hintergrund andere Militrangehrige und Militrfahrzeuge.
Ein Mann, der in einer Menschenmenge ein Foto macht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen whrend einer Parade die Strae entlang.
Mehrere Personen nehmen an Race for a Cure teil.
Eine groe Menschengruppe geht fr einen guten Zweck.
Ein Fischer an Land arbeitet an seinem Netz.
Eine Gruppe fhrt auf einem John Deere-Traktor in einem Feld.
Eine Gruppe kleiner Kinder, die auf einem Hgel sitzen und von denen einige Ruckscke tragen.
Mehrere Personen fahren Zug und blicken aus dem Fenster.
Ein Mann und ein Kind posieren vor einem Zug.
Der kleine Junge im roten Hemd streckt seinen Kopf aus dem Zugfenster.
Leute, die auf einem Gehweg neben einem geparkten Zug gehen.
Kinder und Erwachsene gehen auf Bahnsteig 9 neben dem Zug.
Drei Frauen, die in einem Wartebereich sitzen und miteinander reden.
Eine Frau in rosafarbener Jacke geht in einer stdtischen Umgebung an einem Schaufenster mit einem roten Kleid vorbei.
Eine Person sitzt unter dem Baum und liest etwas.
2 Mnner, die eine Holzbank im Freien lackieren.
Zwei Pflegerinnen, die auf einer Bank sitzen und auf einen Bus warten.
Ein Mann steht neben einer roten Tr.
Ein lterer Arbeiter steht mit einer Kelle in nassem Zement.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd steht in einer Toreinfahrt.
Ein Mann hlt eine Kamera unter Wasser.
Ein brauner Hund steht in einem Feld mit langem Gras einem schwarzen und einem weien Hund gegenber.
Drei Hunde rennen ber eine Wiese.
Viele Menschen stehen auf einem Bus mit leuchtenden gelben Griffen im oberen Bereich.
Ein kleiner Junge schttelt den Schnee von einem Baum.
Ein jngeres Kind mit einem roten Pullover, das uns zeigt, was in seiner Hand ist.
Ein Mann, der ein Loch in einen Metallkanister bohrt.
Ein Hund, der auf einer rissigen aschgrauen Flche luft.
Sieben Personen sitzen um einen schwarzen Tisch und spielen Karten.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und Brille schneidet an einem Kchentisch Tomaten.
Jungen bringen etwas Obst nach Hause.
Ein mit weiem Hemd und weier Hose bekleideter Mann in der Hocke arbeitet an einem groen Webstuhl.
Ein Mann hebt einen groen Stein auf.
Zwei Personen in Rafting-Ausrstung stehen an einem trockenen, steinigen Flussufer und zeigen auf den Fluss.
Ein Junge kickt einen Ball, andere Kinder sehen ihm zu.
Vier ltere Frauen sitzen auf einer Parkbank und sprechen miteinander.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd und hellbraunen Hosen bringt neue Schindeln auf dem Dach an.
Gelb und orange gekleidete Bauarbeiter arbeiten in einer Stadt auf der Strae.
Ein Mann schiebt einen vierrdrigen Karren die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Schwimmweste fhrt Wasserski und winkt.
Eine Person mit roter Skijacke fhrt rckwrts Ski.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Schwimmweste fhrt durch eine Bucht Wasserski.
Ein Kind mit der Hand einer erwachsenen Person.
Ein Mdchen steht neben einem Fahrrad, das vor einem Gebude geparkt ist, whrend zwei Mnner, einer davon mit Gitarre, vorbei gehen.
Zwei Jungen in einem Zimmer spielen Dame.
Leute an einen Dock in der Nhe eines schnen groen weien Boots nehmen Waren entgegen und verschiffen Waren.
Eine Frau sitzt auf Steinen am Meer.
Ein Angler fischt am Ufer eines nebligen Flusses.
Ein Mann spielt am Strand Gitarre.
Dieses verzerrte Foto zeigt einen Mann auf einem Feldweg mit einem springenden Hund.
Ein junger Mann, der mit einem Messer eine Zitrone in einen roten Korb schlt.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt aus dem Wasser.
Eine Teilnehmergruppe geht in einem asiatischen Umzug hinter einem Wagen.
Zwei abgewandt sitzende Personen mit Dreadlocks.
Ein Bauarbeiter, der Wnde baut, mit einem Bohrer.
Ein Paar steht oben auf der Treppe und zwei Personen stehen unten.
Das Konzert in dem riesigen Stadion hat gerade begonnen.
Ein Verkehrspolizist, der den Verkehr regelt, vor einem Auto mit einem Kennzeichen aus Ohio.
Ein blonder Mann singt leidenschaftlich ins Mikrofon.
Eine Person mit mehrfarbiger Mtze steht direkt hinter einem Mosaik mit spanischen Worten vor einem Grashgel.
Zwei Frauen fahren in einem Busch Gardens-Fass durch einen gewundene Wasserrutsche.
Eine rot gekleidete Motorradfahrerin benutzt ein Kommunikationsgert, whrend eine andere vorbei geht.
Zwei Mnner warten an der Straenecke, obwohl es regnet.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Mnteln stehen neben einem Gebude.
Ein Mann mit rotem Hemd spielt eine Elektrogitarre.
Eine aus Erwachsenen und Kindern bestehende Gruppe befindet sich in einem Vergngungspark und blickt ber ein Gelnder.
Ein Mann schiebt ein Kind auf einem Spielzeugzug.
Ein Obdachloser hrt bei einem Ampelmast in der Nhe des Strands Radio.
Ein kleines Mdchen steigt in ein Schwimmbecken.
Ein Junge und eine Frau mittleren Alters verlassen eine Menschenansammlung im Freien.
Ein Mann und ein Junge kosten Obst.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lassen es sich bei einer schnen Mahlzeit in einem Biergarten gut gehen.
Ein Mann mit gelbem Hemd sgt Sperrholz.
Eine Frau mit einem blau, braun und beige gestreiften Hemd raucht.
Ein junger Mann steht in der Kche und hlt einen groen Schmortopf.
Ein Mann mit rotem Hemd und eine Frau in einem bunten Oberteil, die drauen sitzen.
Eine lebhafte Karate-bungsstunde fr Erwachsene im Sportzentrum.
Ein kleines grn gekleidetes Baby spielt auf dem Boden mit dem Staubsaugerschlauch.
Ein Mann und eine Frau splen in einer Kche das schmutzige Geschirr.
Ein weier mnnlicher Entertainer auf der Strae mit einem schwarzem Hemd und einem blauem Hut mit einem gelben Streifen.
Ein Knstler, der die Wand ber und ber mit Bambus bemalt.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hemd, der eine Frau mit einem weien Hemd und grauen Rock umarmt.
Ein Mdchen mit einem rosafarbenen Oberteil rennt durch eine Blumenwiese.
Ein paar Touristen, die Bilder von ihren Hunden machen, im Hintergrund ein wolkiger Himmel.
Ein Mann im Freien spielt Gitarre und singt.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hemd und eine Frau im Kleid trinken etwas und unterhalten sich.
Zwei Personen tragen einen mit Essen gefllten Korb den Korridor entlang.
Ein Mann ohne Schuhe, mit blauen Hemd, grauen Hosen, mehrfarbigem Halstuch, sitzt auf einem Stuhl und blst durch ein langes Rohr.
Bauarbeiter, die Bahngleise reparieren.
Ein Bauarbeiter fhrt Schleifarbeiten an einem Metallstck aus.
Zwei Frauen spielen herum und lcheln.
Arbeiter mit Schaufeln in reflektierender Kleidung auf einem Bahngleis.
Zwei Frauen gehen an einem Laden vorbei und sehen hinein.
Eine Mutter steht in einer Kche und hlt ein kleines Baby.
Ein Junge sitzt auf der Wiese.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich bei einem Bier ber Geschftliches.
Zwei Frauen mit braunen Haaren sprechen miteinander.
Eine Frau mit einem Kopftuch sitzt schlafend in einem Blumenladen.
Mehrere Personen arbeiten an einer Sandskulptur.
Mehrere Menschen und ein schwarzer Hund in einem Ess- und Wohnzimmer, einige schlafen, einige essen.
Eine krperbehinderte Person, die im Rollstuhl im Park sitzt.
Ein Kind schlft auf einer Couch mit offenem Mund und einer Hand ber der Brust.
Fnf Erwachsene sitzen auf Steinstufen.
Eine junge Frau mit grner Bluse, die in der U-Bahn steht und eine Plastiktte hlt.
Der Laden war offen, obwohl ein Mann am Gebude gearbeitet hat.
Ein Mann auf der Arbeit erledigt mit einem Ltwerkzeug eine kleine Schweiarbeit.
Ein braun-weier Hund der im Herbst eine Strae entlang trottet.
Eine junge Person mit Iro und Nasenpiercing in einem karierten Hemd.
Ein Mann in einer violetten Jacke hat einen Ausdruck auf seinem Gesicht.
Eine ltere Frau im Badeanzug nimmt an einer Demonstration zum Thema Immigration teil und hlt ein Plakat.
Ein Bongospieler mit einem roten Hemd, der in einer Band spielt.
Zwei Fuballteams auf einem Fuballfeld mit dem Schiedsrichter.
Drei Jungen spielen Fuball.
Zwei Jungen stehen mitten auf der Strae, der mit schwarzen kurzen Hosen steht hinten und klatscht in die Hnde, whrend der grau gekleidete nach vorn rennt.
Ein Junge, der auf dem Brgersteig vor einem blauen Gebude rennt.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund spielt im Wasser.
Ein Kind auf einem Schaukelpferd.
Ein Mann mit Mikrofon steht vor zwei Mnnern mit Tubas und liest etwas von einem Stck Papier vor.
Eine Menschenmenge sieht zu, wie ein Hund eine Treppe hochklettert.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer grauen Bank vor einer Betonwand mit Graffiti.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und Jeans spielt mit einem Ball und 9 Sprhdosen Bowling.
Eine Frau mit einem dunkelblauen T-Shirt webt etwas Gestreiftes.
Eine Antilope rennt durch hohes braunes Gras.
Eine Dame mit Schildkappe lernt von einer Lehrerin wie man Stoff webt.
Ein Straenknstler mit einer Gitarre.
Zwei Mnner mit schwarzen Westen und weien Hemden und ein Mdchen, alle mit Bierflaschen.
Zwei ineinander verschlungene Personen auf einem Zementweg.
Zwei Mdchen gehen die Strae entlang und reden.
Ein Mann im Anzug macht im Park ein Nickerchen.
Ein blau gekleideter kleiner Junge balanciert auf einem groen Felsen.
Zwei Hunde, die auf einer Wiese spielen.
Drei Mnner haben sich vor einem Gebude aufgestellt und jeder von ihnen spielt ein Instrument.
Cheerleader sind auf dem Platz und feuern die Spieler an.
Mexikanische Frauen in hbschen weien Kleidern fhren im Rahmen eines Umzugs einen Tanz auf.
Zwei Mnner in Mnteln mit Gewehren, die einen toten Hasen tragen.
Ein Mann im Anzug steht mit ausgestreckter rechter Hand auf der Strae.
Der Mann winkt seiner Familie von einer Brcke aus.
Dieses Bild zeigt eine Frau, die bei einem Wettschwimmen Rcken schwimmt.
Drei Mnner lachen so richtig.
Zwei Mnner in hellen Hemden und dunklen Hosen sitzen auf einem Balkon und unterhalten sich, whrend unten ein einzelnes Auto vorbei fhrt.
Eine Frau in einem rosafarbenen Bikini neben einem braun gekleideten Mann.
Eine weibliche Person mit einem String-Bikini, die auf einen Mann mit einem gestreiften Hemd zugeht.
Kunden, die in einem Gastronomiebereich Schlange stehen.
Beim Strandspaziergang bittet die Dame den Hund, ihr den Ball zu gehen.
Zwei Kinder in einem Spielzeugauto an einer Tankstelle.
Drei Kinder spielen in der Natur auf einem Feldweg.
Eine Frau, die bei den Gleisen wartet.
Zwei Damen berqueren eine Strae direkt vor einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann fhrt Kajak durch Stromschnellen.
Ein stehender Mann mit weiem Hemd und schwarzen Hosen hat die linke Hand auf seinem Kopf.
Asiatische Kinder spielen neben einem Gelnder.
3 Kinder mit Mtzen, die auf einem Pferd spielen
Ein kleines Mdchen posiert auf ihrem Fahrrad, whrend ihr Hund im Wald ist.
Ein Kind, das von einer Frau mit hellbraunen Haaren umarmt wird.
Mnner mit Dudelscken und Kilts stehen im Kreis.
Drei Mnner in Tarnkleidung und ein Mann mit Mtze, rotem Oberteil und blauen Shorts stehen vor einem Gebude.
Der Mann im gestreiften Hemd macht ein Foto von dem anderen, grau gekleideten Mann.
Zwei alte Mnner sitzen neben einer jungen asiatischen Frau in komischen Sthlen.
Kinder in Halloween-Kostmen freuen sich an einer Vorfhrung.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blauen Mantel schaukelt auf einem roten Spielplatzgert.
Ein Mann im Anzug, der an einem Plattenladen vorbeigeht.
Ein Mann geht mit zwei Pudeln an der Leine in einer Stadt Gassi.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid benutzt einen rosafarbenen Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Ein Hundeteam und eine Frau, die einem Fahrrad folgen.
Ein Mann spielt Stahlfsser am Wasser, whrend Leute vorbeigehen.
Ein Mann mit einer gelben Mtze hlt einen bunten aufblasbaren Hammer.
Drei Personen gehen an einem Mann auf dem Brgersteig vorbei, der Flte spielt.
Junge Frauen mit einem braunen, zweiteiligen Badeanzug bauen eine Sandburg am Strand.
Eine Familie liegt auf der Veranda herum.
Drei Personen blicken in der Nhe eines Tischs und mehrerer Sthle auf den Boden.
Zwei kleine Kinder klettern die Stufen zu einem Flugzeug hinauf.
Zwei Hockeyspieler stehen und kmpfen um den Puck, whrend ein Goalie vor dem Netz kauert.
Die Wanderer erklimmen die Berge.
Ein Wettlufer bekommt von einer Frau in einer trkisen Jacke mit einem Schirm eine Wasserflasche gereicht.
Eine Dame und ein Kleinkind sehen sich im Spiegel an.
Eine asiatische Frau in rosafarbenem Pullover, die Rucherstbchen hlt.
Ein Kind, das mit dem Kopf nach vorne ein Metallrohr herunterrutscht.
Ein Mann hlt sich an einem Griff im Wasser.
Mehrere Personen betrachten ein kleines blondes Baby.
Ein Junge in einer Badehose, der im Sand auf das Wasser zu geht
Ein Mann mit violettem Hemd, umgeben von Menschen.
Eine orangefarbene Katze mit schwarzen Streifen am Strand.
Kinder, die auf einem alten Platz Basketball spielen.
Eine Personengruppe geht in einer berfllten Gegend mit Schmutz auf dem Boden herum.
Der braune Hund fngt in der Luft einen Ball.
Mehrere Personen halten sich bei einer Fahrt mit einem ffentlichen Verkehrsmittel fest.
Mehrere Leute, die tagsber eine Steintreppe herunter kommen.
Drei Jungen spielen um einen Brunnen im Hof eines Brogebudes.
Ein nasses Mdchen in einem gelben Badeanzug blickt ber eine Klippe zu einem Schwimmer im Wasser.
Ein brauner Hund rennt auf drei andere Hunde zu.
Ein Mann starrt einen anderen Mann an und beobachtet seine Rasiertechnik.
Ein Toyota-Lkw parkt vor einem belebten Geschft, das gerade renoviert wird.
Mitten auf der Strae steht ein groer gelber Bagger.
Ein Mann mit weien Tanktop, der neben einer hohen Sule mit einer Statue darauf ein Laptop benutzt.
Ein kleiner brauner Hund spielt mit einem fusseligen Hausschuh.
Zwei Mdchen in zueinander passenden rosafarbenen und weien Kleidern und zwei kleinere Jungen in zueinander passenden schwarz-weien Hemden.
Ein kaukasischer Mann mit einem schwarzen T-Shirt hlt zwei Stcke hoch.
Ein Baby in einem Kugelbad und ein Kleinkind, das in der Nhe der Fe der Person spielt, die das Foto macht.
Drei Mnner sind zusammen, zwei sitzen und einer steht.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Umhang bekommt die Haare geschnitten.
Die Dame im schwarzen Oberteil kmmert sich um die Haare der anderen Dame.
Eine Frau schneidet einer anderen Frau die Haare und lchelt in die Kamera.
Die Dame trgt ein blaues Feuerwehrhemd.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd und Brille benutzt einen dnnen Pinsel, um auf eine groe Leinwand zu malen.
Leute gehen auf einer Strae in der Stand an einem Plattenladen vorbei.
Die Beine und Rmpfe von Personen mit Skateboards.
Ein neugieriges Kind ist zu sehen, das sich an einem Projektor freut.
Ein Mann in etwas Violettem bekommt die Haare geschnitten, ihm gegenber ein riesiger Fhn.
Ein Mann sitzt und liest in der U-Bahn-Station.
Eine voll bekleidete junge Frau taucht eine Stange in ein Schwimmbecken ein.
Ein Junge, der angeberisch seinen weien Hund durch die Nachbarschaft spazieren fhrt.
Ein Junge hlt sich an einem Karussell fest und rennt mit.
Eine blonde Dame mit Sonnenbrille lchelt.
Ein groes Lagerfeuer bei Nacht mit mehreren Leuten, die darum herum sitzen.
Zwei Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Warnwesten gehen ihrer Arbeit nach.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in alten Militrkostmen, die Instrumente tragen, als ob sie an einem Umzug teilnehmen.
Ein Mann hngt von einer Felsenkante und zwei andere fangen ihn auf.
Der Hund schwimmt durch das Wasser auf den Wasserfall zu.
Die glckliche Braut und der Brutigam haben auf den Fotografen gewartet, der sie fotografieren soll.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund im Wohnzimmer, der auf den Hinterbeinen steht.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen, die in einem Tanzstudio sitzen.
Ein Mdchen mit blauen Shorts und einem gelben Oberteil wirft einen gelben Softball, whrend ein Mdchen in einem schwarz-roten kurzen Dress und rotem Helm rennt.
Ein Mdchen schaukelt in einem Hinterhof.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt in der Strae, wo Wasser verspritzt wird.
Ein Mdchen in rotem Oberteil ist drauen und weint.
Zwei angeleinte Hunde ziehen aufeinander zu, whrend die Besitzer voneinander weg gehen.
Der kleine Junge hat einen Schmetterling auf seinen ganz schmutzigen Hnden.
Eine Frau mit einem grnen Pullover setzt sich mit einem Tennisschlger, der gleich einen Tennisball trifft.
Ein Mann mit Kopftuch, der einen Baum im Dschungel packt.
Ein Kind mit einem gestreiften Oberteil spielt ausgelassen an Springbrunnen.
Mnner sitzen auf Stufen, als eine Frau vorbei geht.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit rotem Halsband klettert ber Zaunpfosten.
Ein Kind, das wie ein Pirat gekleidet ist, lchelt.
Zwei Hunde rennen nebeneinander auf der Wiese.
Ein Mann auf seinem Wakeboard ist in der Luft.
Zwei mnnliche Personen, von denen eine Gitarre spielt, sitzen an einer Anlegestelle, zwei weitere stehen vor ihnen.
Zwei Kinder spielen in der Nhe einer Bhne ein Spiel.
Eine Frau mit blauer Jacke und eine Frau im Jeans-Outfit mit einer Gruppe auf einem Berg.
Ein lterer Mann mit einer weien Mtze kehrt einen Parkplatz.
Ein Veteranenaufmarsch mit drei der Fahnentrger, die ihre Fahnen prsentieren.
Ein Mann auf einem Lkw, der mit Fahnen und Wimpeln dekoriert ist.
Ein maskierter Mann mit Halloween-Maske sieht eine Frau an.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Oberteil, die Karten spielt.
Zwei weibliche Personen, die lcheln und lachen, eine blau gekleidet, die andere schwarz
Ein Mdchen in einer Jacke auf einem Bett.
Viele Leute sind am Strand in der Nhe eines Gebudes mit Fahnen.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt in ein Schwimmbecken zu einer Hand.
Ein Mann mit grauem Soldatenhemd mit Medaillen und einer hellblauen Mtze mit Gold winkt.
Eine Person an einem Tisch, die ein schwarzes Kostm trgt.
Ein lterer Herr in T-Shirt und kurzen Hosen wendet Bratlinge auf einem groen Gasgrill aus Edelstahl.
Ein sehr frhlicher Snger in einem extravaganten Outfit.
Eine Frau, die eine Schaufensterpuppe trgt, geht auf dem Brgersteig und spricht in ein Handy.
Ein Kind steht alleine da, blickt in einen dunklen Raum und hlt einen roten Luftballon.
Ein Mann fhrt bei einem Umzug in einem altmodischen Feuerwehrauto die Strae entlang und winkt Zuschauern zu.
Ein sitzender alter Mann mit Schnauzbart  hlt ein Gewehr und lchelt.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Tuch auf dem Kopf geht auf der Strae vor einer blauen Htte vorbei.
Eine Cheerleaderin in einem glnzenden blauen Cheerleader-Outfit springt tanzend ber die Bhne.
Eine Frau trgt ein Teufelskostm und posiert vor einem Brunnen.
Eine Gruppe von DHL-Mitarbeitern posiert auf dem Parkplatz fr ein Foto.
Drei Personen gehen mitten am Tag auf einem Pfad.
Eine Kellnerin mit einem Mann in einem Straencaf.
Ein Kind, das einen geschlossenen blauen Schirm trgt, geht mit einem anderen Kind, das sich unter einem gelben Schirm befinden, einen schlammigen Pfad entlang.
Ein Clown bei einem Umzug lchelt fr ein Foto.
Zwei Personen heben auf einem verschneiten Hgel in den Bergen ihre Arme.
Ein Kind mit schwarzem Hemd, das hinter der Theke eines Ladens steht.
Ein Mann sitzt am Laptop, whrend zwei Mnner (einer sitzend, einer stehend) sich im Hintergrund einander gegenber befinden.
Ein Hund mit Geschirr, der ein Spielzeug im Mund hat.
Ein chinesischer Mann, der einen traditionellen chinesischen Reishut trgt und eine Last mithilfe eines langen Stocks auf der Schulter balanciert.
Eine Frau malt eine Kopie eines Bilds, das an der Wand hngt.
Vier Sportfans, die zusammen mit Mlltonnen auf dem Kopf unterwegs sind, auf denen CUBS steht.
Zwei Mnner in weien Uniformen mit schwarzen Grteln nehmen an einem Kampfsportturnier teil.
Eine Gruppe geht bei einem Umzug an einem sonnigen Tag und fhrt einen Oscar the Grouch-Wagen.
Ein Mann schneidet einen Kuchen auf einer rosafarbenen Unterlage auf.
Eine Katze sitzt auf einem Klavier hinter geffneten Noten und einer eingeschalteten Glaslampe.
Ein Mann mit roter Fliege, der ein Solo singt, mit einem vollstndigen Mnnerchor im Hintergrund.
Ein Militrangehriger, der bei einer Parade Trommeln von America's Corp Fort Lewis, Washington spielt.
Eine absolut faszinierend Freizeitaktivitt: im Freien Campen.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen mit blauen Augen trgt einen Pullover und sitzt an einem warmen Feuer.
Ein Mann schneidet bei einer Party im Bro ein Stck Kuchen ab.
Ein Mann mit braunem Mantel und Helm fhrt mit zwei Plastiktten Fahrrad.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Kostm steht neben anderen.
Eine Frau mit rotem Hut und Kleid sitzt alleine auf einer Parkbank.
Ein Mann lacht und trgt ein weies T-Shirt.
Eine weibliche Person mittleren Alters mit Sonnenhut und weier Jacke steckt die Hand in die Hosentaschen eines Mannes.
Jemand sitzt auf einem gelben Motorrad.
Ein Junge ist beim Zahnarzt und hlt jemandes Hand.
Ein Mann berhrt ein Gemlde an der Wand.
Eine Dame und ein Mann, die knien und eine Schnur halten, whrend eine andere Dame sie ansieht.
Ein Mann mit gelbem Hemd schneidet seinen Geburtstagskuchen an.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Mantel und blauem Hemd, der in einem Gebude am Telefon spricht.
Junge Leute sitzen auf den Felsen neben ihrem Freizeitfahrzeug.
Ein Mann mit einem Tattoo, der in der Nhe eines Videospielgeschfts einen Mopp hlt.
Zwei Mnner, einer davon in Baseballuniform, werfen einen Ball.
Eine groe Menschenansammlung, die zusammen ein Feuerwerk betrachtet.
Der Schatten einer stehenden Person in Uniform wird neben diese Person geworfen.
Ein kleines Mdchen auf einem Baseballplatz, wo ein lterer Mann zur Menschenmenge hin gestikuliert.
Ein lterer Mann mit weier Mtze macht an einer Anlegestelle fr Fischer ein Schlfchen.
Besucher gehen an einem Sicherheitszaun einen Bergpfad entlang.
Ein guter Samariter zieht einen extrem betrunkenen Mann von der Strae auf den Gehweg, damit dieser nicht berfahren wird.
Eine Frau, die mit einem Teleskop etwas ganz Kleines betrachtet, wahrscheinlich in einem wissenschaftlichen Labor.
Fnf Personen mit dunkelblauen Hemden die im Freien etwas vorfhren.
Ein Kind am Strand hat sich so in den Sand eingebuddelt, dass nur noch sein Kopf frei ist.
Eine Frau, die zu einer aus drei Frauen bestehenden Gruppe spricht.
Ein Mdchen mit rotem Oberteil und Gesichtsbemalung malt ein Bild.
Eine weibliche Person sieht zu, wie ein Mann einen Jungen festhlt.
Eine Frau mit Brille und gelbem Oberteil streckt ihre Hand aus.
Zwei Mnner am Strand halten einen dritten an Armen und Beinen.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner ist bis zur Brust in Sand eingegraben.
Eine Frau und ein Kind gehen auf einem mit Laubgewchsen gesumten Gehweg auf zwei Personen zu, die Pferde reiten.
Leute gehen an einer Baustelle in einer Stadt vorbei.
Zwei Mnner mit Taschen rennen in dieselbe Richtung.
Ein Mann mit einem Walkie-Talkie vor einer offenen grnen Schachtel mit Reglern.
Ein junger Mann mit Krawatte, der sein Fahrrad schiebt.
Ein blonder Mann mit dunkler Bekleidung, der neben einer grn gekleideten Frau mit einer schwarzen Baskenmtze sitzt.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern, die Schutt beseitigen.
Die lchelnde Frau mit dem roten Helm ist drauen und hlt ein sehr langes Seil.
Menschenmassen tanzen auf einem Straenfestival.
Ein Mann und zwei Kinder spielen fr eine Gruppe von Zuschauern Musik.
Drei Mnner in einem Wohnzimmer diskutieren.
Ein Mann, der einen grnen Jeep fhrt, fhrt ber groe Steine.
Eine stark geschminkte Frau steht neben einem Rotlichtschild.
Ein Hund springt auf dem Gras und fngt eine Frisbee-Scheibe.
Eine Menschenmenge versammelt sich, um eine Band anzuhren.
Ein Mann mit langen Haaren, grnem Kapuzenpulli und Rucksack, der eine Fugngerbergang berquert.
Eine blonde Frau, die an einer Anlegestelle sitzt und ein weies Kleid trgt.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Bikini-Oberteil und blauen Shorts, mit einem Gewsser im Hintergrund.
Viele Fahrradfahrer, die auf einer unbefestigten Straen ein Rennen fahren.
Zwei kleine Jungen von der Hfte aus aufwrts, die Kampfsport machen, wobei der eine einen Schlag ausfhrt und der andere blockt.
Zwei Kinder mit gelben Grteln kmpfen in einem Kampfsportkurs miteinander.
Eine schwangere Dame sitzt am Tisch eines Restaurants auf der Strae und streichelt ihren Bauch.
Ein Mann mit roten Hosen, kurz bevor er den Boden erreicht.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern, Jungen und Mdchen, die Fuball spielen.
Ein blau-wei gekleideter Junge kickt einen Fuball.
Eine Gruppe aus einer Prozession, in der mehrere Personen Schilder mit Fotos darauf tragen.
Der Junge mit der roten Badehose springt auf dem Sand.
Zwei asiatische Kinder, die an einem Sommertag in Sthlen auf der Strae sitzen.
Ein Mann schwingt ein Seil ber dem Wasser.
Ein Mann schwingt sich an einem Seil in einen See.
Die Menschenmenge bei einem Spiel in LA setzt sich auf ihre Sitze.
Eine Gruppe Freiwilliger, die mit Kindern arbeitet, um drauen vor einem Toys r us Spielzeug fr Kinder in Not zu sammeln.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau fotografiert.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer Badehose wird mit Wasser bespritzt und geht ber ein Abflussgitter.
Ein schwitzender ttowierter Mann spielt Gitarre.
Vier Personen, die inmitten hoher Felsen stehen, aus der Vogelperspektive.
Leute stehen und gehen in der Nhe von Bahngleisen.
Ein Mann mit violettem Hemd, der ein rotes Fahrrad fhrt.
Ein Mann gibt einem Jungen vor einem Friseurladen High-Fives.
Vier Kinder, zwei Mdchen und zwei Jungen, die in einem Kanu auf Abenteuerfahrt gehen.
Leute mit Warnwesten und Schaufeln stehen auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann mit gelber Weste raucht und arbeitet auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann mit schwerer windfester Kleidung, der durch ein Feld geht.
Drei Mnner mit Warnwesten arbeiten am Straenrand.
Zwei Mnner mit blauen Uniformen und grner Arbeiterweste.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Feld eine Landmaschine.
Mdchen versuchen bei einem Volleyballspiel den Ball zu treffen.
Zwei Hunde rennen durch das Wasser und tragen ein Seil und eine rote Schwimmweste im Maul.
Zwei Mnner, die von einem Gerst nach unten blicken.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Mtze und blauem Hemd sucht nach Gold.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Hemd, der nassen Beton glttet.
Ein lterer asiatischer Mann steht neben einem groen Bottich mit Reis.
Eine Frau sitzt neben einem Eimer mit frisch gesammelten Muscheln.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hemd spielt auf leeren 5-Gallonen-Eimern Schlagzeug.
Eine Frau, die an der Straenecke Blumen verkauft.
Ein groer Mann und ein kleiner Mann, die miteinander gehen und reden und dieselben Sandalen tragen.
Zwei Mnner fllen fr einen Mann hinter der Theke, der ein rotes Hemd trgt, Papiere aus.
Eine Band spielt auf der Bhne, die Menge hebt die Hnde und klatscht.
Ein Mann steht unter einer groen Glocke.
Zwei Mnner in dunkler Kleidung stehen an einer Bushaltestelle, einer davon liest Zeitung.
Eine blonde Frau, die Jeans trgt, sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Kleid, das weint.
Mnner essen auf einem Straenfest ein belegte Brote.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund, der etwas im Maul hat, kommt aus einem Tmpel.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Mickey-Maus-Ohren in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein junger Mann steht vor einem Poster und schreibt eine SMS.
Zwei junge Mnner stehen auf dem Brgersteig und sprechen miteinander.
Ein schwarzer Mann mit blauem Hemd und irgendeinem Goldschmuck starrt in die Kamera.
Eine Frau steht vor einer Wand mit alter Werbung; sie trgt ein kurzes weies Hemd mit Jeansjacke und Rock.
Eine schwarze mnnliche Person mit einer Wasserflasche, die sich an eine Wand lehnt.
Zwei langhaarige kleine Mdchen sitzen auf einer Plattform.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Outfit zieht eine Katze vom Dach eines Autos.
Viele Leute gehen durch einen berfllten Freiluftmarkt.
Zwei Arbeiter mit Schutzhelmen und Warnwesten stehen neben einem gelben Betonblock.
Ein Schlagzeuger und eine Sngerin bei einer Auffhrung.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Anzug und Strohhut hlt einen Tennisschlger, als ob es eine Gitarre wre.
Eine Arme Frau in einem Umschlagtuch grabt nach Steinen.
Ein Mann hat sich gebckt, um etwas an einem steinigen Strand zu betrachten.
Eine Frau gibt einem afroamerikanischen Mann eine Tasse.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd, der auf dem Markt Obst verkauft.
Indische Damen, die vor einer Menschenmenge tanzen
Ein Mann im Hintergrund, der gleich wrfeln wird, mit Soldaten und einem Wrfel im Vordergrund
Eine junge Frau fhrt Zuschauern etwas auf einem Schwebebalken vor.
Eine Gruppe steht vor einem Zug.
Eine Menge schiebt sich an einer ffnung in einem alten Bauwerk vorbei.
Zwei Mnner mit weien Hemden, weien Hten und blauen Halstchern um den Hals
Ein Mann steht drauen in einem Cafe.
Leute, die vor Wassermelonen am Straenrand stehen.
Ein Mdchen, das fr eine Show im Feuer sitzt
Zwei Mdchen in Badeanzgen stehen unter herunterfallendem Wasser.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund rennt durch Bltter.
Ein Junge in einem Mittelalterkostm steht neben Autos, die auf einer Wiese geparkt sind.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein lohfarbener Hund kmpfen.
Eine Frau ltet ein Stck Metall, whrend ein Mann zusieht.
Ein junger Mann klettert auf einen Berg, ein anderer folgt weiter unten.
Ein Jung schlgt auf einer Felsenklippe ein Rad.
Ein lterer Herr blickt auf sein Bier hinunter.
Eine wei gekleidete Frau im Vordergrund und leicht nach hinten versetzt ein Mann sind unterwegs, im Hintergrund ein Schild fr John's Pizza und Gyro.
Fahrt mit einem kleinen Zug mit der Familie.
Eine Frau, die in einem Kochtopf rhrt.
Eine Strae in der Stadt wird von einem Mann in einem grnen Fahrzeug gereinigt.
Ein grauer Hund untersucht einen umgefallenen Baum im Wald.
Vier Frauen, die miteinander essen, lachen zusammen.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd und Cargo Khakis steht neben einem grnen Jeep.
Drei Freundinnen sitzen in einem abgedunkelten Theater.
Ein lterer Mann schiebt einen Karren mit dem Bild eines geliebten Menschen die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau mit grner Weste fotografiert ein Pferd.
Ein Junge mit rotem Hemd steht mit weit geffneten Armen auf der Strae.
Ein Mann hlt ein kleines Mdchen auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und ein kleines Mdchen mit einem orangefarbenen Kleid teilen sich eine Sigkeit.
Ein sitzender Mann tut einem kleinen Mdchen Essen auf.
Eine Frau und ein lterer Mann gehen in einem Fitnessstudio nebeneinander auf Laufbndern.
Ein Mann singt in ein Mikrophon.
Eine Frau, die auf einer Strae in der Stadt geht, schtzt ihre Augen vor der Sonne.
Leute gehen auf einer vollen Marktstrae.
Ein Paar in Jeans schlendert eine Strae entlang, die neben einem mit orangefarbenen Netzen abgesperrten Bereich liegt.
Zwei Mdchen liegen mit zwei kleinen Hunden im Bett.
Ein Mann und eine Frau posieren neben einem Kleiderstnder fr ein Foto.
Ein Kletterer, der an einer Bergwand hoch klettert.
Zwei Frauen mit Sonnenbrillen, die etwas tragen, was nach Stewardessenkleidung aussieht, und in einem Gebude winken.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Prince St. Cafe.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rot-wei-schwarzen Kleid blickt auf groe silberne Kugeln.
Die Kinder streicheln ein Ferkel.
Ein Hund geht auf einem roten Brett neben einem blauen Gelnder.
Eine ltere Frau in einem Burberry-Mantel, die isst.
Eine Frau in Schwarz mit einem gelbbraunen Jackett steht auf einem Podium und spricht zu einer Zuhrerschaft.
Ein junges Mdchen, das die Strae entlang rennt.
Ein Mann mit Krawatte spielt Gitarre, whrend eine gut gekleidete Frau sich Noten ansieht, eventuell um zu singen.
Wenn ich auf die Stadt blicke, nehme ich meine Gitarre hoch, weil es so inspirierend ist.
Ein blondes Kind rennt mit herausgestreckter Zunge ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Klavier und liest ein Buch.
Eine Person rudert ein Boot ber ein groes Gewsser.
Ein Hund am Strand, der etwas zieht
Eine Mutter hlt ihren im Schulalter befindlichen Sohn im Arm.
Eine Frau steigt auf eine Leiter, um die Decke zu streichen.
Eine Person auf einem Fahrrad fhrt einen weien Hund an der Leine.
Eine Frau mit Brille gibt zwei sitzenden Frauen eine Prsentation.
Eine Frau bekommt Hilfe von der weiblichen Person hinter der Theke.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd hlt ein Clipboard fr eine Frau in Rosatnen hoch.
Ein Wachmann steht hinter einem anderem Mann in gemustertem Pullover auf seinem Posten.
Zwei Mnner mit schwarzen Hemden rauchen drauen.
Eine Frau in Schwarz blttert durch die Seiten eines Buches in einer Bibliothek, whrend ein Mdchen in Wei Kopfhrer trgt und lchelt.
Eine Frau, die einer anderen Frau mit einer Website auf einem Computer hilft.
Zwei Kinder fallen mit dem Kopf voran in ein buntes Kugelbad, wo ein drittes Kind zusieht.
Eine Einzelhandelsfachkraft im Kontakt mit Kunden hlt inne.
Drei Hunde rennen auf der Wiese herum, im Hintergrund ist Wald.
Kinder und Erwachsene, die in einer Stadt im flachen Wasser spielen.
Ein Brutigam mit schwarz-grauem Smoking und eine Braut im weien Kleid werden mit Blumen beworfen.
Eine schne, glckliche Braut, die aus einem Luxuswagen aussteigt.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem schmutzigen Fahrradweg mit weiem Helm und Handschuhen Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe unterhlt sich in einem Restaurant.
A Baseballspieler von Houston hat einen Ball gefangen und wirft den Ball nun einem anderen Mitglied des Teams zu.
Drei Personen auf der Bhne, die singen und Instrumente spielen.
Drei Personen, die in einem Gang eines auslndischen Lebensmittelgeschfts einkaufen.
Vier Jungen, die in einen eingelassenen Pool springen.
Ein kleiner weier Hund klettert ber einen Baumstamm.
Eine Dame, die mehrfarbige Blle in einem Apparat anordnet.
Zwei Mnner mit leuchtend gelben Westen und Jeans arbeiten auf einem Dach.
Ein Mann in einem weien Outfit spielt Keyboard.
Ein Mann mit Schlapphut und knallgelben Shorts steht im Matsch.
Ein Mann spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Ein lterer Mann mit schwarzen kurzen Hosen und weiem Hemd geht auf dem Brgersteig.
Eine rothaarige Frau spricht am Telefon und streichelt einen lohfarbenen Hund.
Ein Mann steht unter einem Bogen in der Nhe eines Wendy's-Restaurants.
Ein mnnliches Kind steht auf dem Gehweg und hlt einen Ball.
Eine Strae ist gesperrt und um die Absperrung herum stehen Polizisten.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute, die sitzen und reden.
Ein lssig wirkender Mann, der in einer asiatischen Bar etwas trinkt.
Ein Hund schttelt sich Wasser aus dem Fell.
Zwei Hunde ziehen von zwei Seiten an einem orangefarbenen Ball.
Ein Mann in Freizeitkleidung gibt eine Vorstellung.
Ein Neugeborenes schlft nach einem langen Tag auf der Seite.
Zwei Herren mitten in einem Computerkurs.
Eine Frau mit T-Shirt, Shorts und Sandalen spielt vor Blumen und einem Gehweg Minigolf.
Vier Mnner gehen bei kaltem Wetter auf der Strae.
Ein Mdchen steht auf der Strae, und das andere ist in der Hocke und blickt auf etwas, das auf dem Boden liegt.
Zwei Personen sitzen vor Computern und einem groen dunklen Fenster.
Personen, die in Kstennhe auf einem Boot fahren und rudern.
Zwei Mnner, einer davon mit einer schwarzen Mlltte.
Ein Mann mit einem Sweatshirt stlpt eine Mlltte ber einen Briefkasten.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und Baseballmtze hebt auf einem leeren Grundstck Mll auf.
Ein Baby sitzt in einem Hochstuhl und spielt mit Essen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem roten Tuch in der Nhe eines blauen Pfostens auf dem Boden.
Eine aus mehreren mnnlichen Teenagern bestehende Gruppe geht mit einer Mlltte am Straenrand entlang.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge sitzen nebeneinander in einem Fahrzeug.
Ein Mann mit Schild und blauem Oberteil hat eine Frisbeescheibe weit weg geworfen.
Ein Mann, der kurz davor steht, eine Frisbeescheibe zu werfen.
Ein Mann wirft eine blaue Frisbee-Scheibe auf ein Frisbee-Golfziel.
Zwei Mnner verpacken Donuts in Kunststofffolie.
Ein Junge mit einem grauen Kapuzenpulli wirft eine Tte mit Mll in eine grne Mlltonne.
Mnner und Frauen essen, whrend eine Frau am Computer arbeitet.
Zwei asiatische Frauen halten eine zum Teil gefllte Mlltte hoch und lcheln.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann trgt zerfetzten Stoff.
Ein junger Mann bringt eine Mlltte zur Mlltonne, nachdem er Abflle auf der Strae aufgesammelt hat.
Ein Paar, das auf dem Brgersteig einer Einkaufsstrae geht.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Tanktop und einer weien Mtze singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein junger Mann in einem bunten Kostm singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann, der einen Mllmann in eine Mlltonne wirft, whrend ein anderer Mann den Deckel hlt.
Mnner in farbenfrohen Hemden zeigen sich nach einem Fahrradrennen kameradschaftlich.
Ein Junge schwimmt mithilfe einer braunen Vorrichtung in einem Gewsser.
Eine Gruppe von Personen mit Schutzhelmen, die ein Haus bauen.
Mehrere Bauarbeiter, die ein Haus bauen.
Drei Mnner bauen ein Dach.
Vier Kinder lesen in einer Profi-Kche ein Rezept, whrend die Zutaten auf dem Tisch liegen.
Zwei Personen mit Fahrrdern stehen vor einem Gebude.
Eine Kindergruppe mit Geschenken wird fotografiert.
Ein Fischer hat sich  mit seinem Fu im Netz verfangen.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper, blauen Shorts und Baseballmtze steht im vorderen Bereich eines Boots.
Ein Mann steht im Wasser und denkt ber etwas nach.
Zwei Mnner, die sich fr ein wichtiges Ereignis schick gemacht haben.
Ein Mann singt und spielt auf einer weien Gitarre.
Ein Mann hlt beim Gehen die Hand eines Kleinkinds.
Ein mnnlicher Teenager in einem Skate-Park macht auf seinem Skateboard ein Kunststck.
Ein lterer Mann steht neben ausgestellten Holztabletts.
Mdchen und Jungen sitzen an einem Picknicktisch aus Stein im Hof und essen ihr Mittagessen.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug steht mit einem Schild mit der Aufschrift Stop raping my wife! in der Nhe einer Strae.
Leute, die auf einer Rollschuhbahn Rollschuh laufen.
Ein rothaariger Junge hlt einem lteren Mann eine Eistte hin, damit er davon kosten kann.
Ein Junge spielt in einem Bachbett.
Personen in einem dunklen Raum mit Wnden, die von grnen Lampen beleuchtet werden, und eine Person hlt ihr Handy hoch.
Ein Mann mit Hemd und Krawatte am oberen Ende eines Aufzugsschachts.
Ein Mann, der eine Gitarre hlt und ein Kabel einsteckt.
Zwei Mnner schneiden mit Werkzeugen in einen grnen Anhnger.
Ein Vater und sein Sohn, die auf einer Dinnerparty auf ihrem Landsitz in Texas einen Kuchen aufschneiden.
Zwei Mnner stehen da, und einer hat einen Schlauch.
Ein nasser schwarz-weier Hund mit schwarzer Nase, der sich das Wasser aus dem Fell schttelt.
Eine blonde Frau geht in Flipflops mit einem Hund auf der Strae Gassi.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd hlt die Hand eines Jungen und geht in einem Garten spazieren.
Ein Junge steht in der Nhe einer Frisbeescheibe im Wasser.
Eine Frau sitzt mit den Fen in einem flachen Tmpel und blickt auf einen Welpen.
Ein Mann mit blauer Maske, der ein Buch liest.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund, der ein Geschirr trgt, leckt eine braunhaarige Frau mit Brille.
Eine Frau mit grnem Oberteil und blauen Jeans beim Bowling.
Ein Mann mit einer Zigarette im Mund fhrt Motorrad.
Eine Gruppe blau gekleideter Kinder steht bei einem Tor.
Zwei Mnner mit weien Hemden arbeiten in einem alten Gebude.
Eine Straenszene mit entgegenkommendem Verkehr, einschlielich Autos und Motorrder.
Zwei Frauen mit grauen T-Shirts, von denen eine zwei braune Papiertten hlt, verlassen einen Reisebus.
Eine Frau in einem Pullunder, die die Kleidung einer anderen Frau zuschneidet.
Ein Baby mit braunen Locken trinkt etwas.
Groe Erdbaumaschinen bei der Arbeit.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm bedient einen Bagger.
Ein brauner Hund in einem Kanu blickt auf stilles Wasser.
Drei wei gekleidete Mnner streichen das Gelnder des Piers blau.
Mehrere Menschen sitzen auf einem Deck.
Leute unterhalten sich, und eine Wasserflasche ist auf den Boden gefallen.
Ein Junge in blau-grnen Hosen liegt an einer Wand.
Ein gelbbrauner Hund steht vor ein paar Pflanzen.
Ein Mann kmpft vor Zuschauern mit einem Bullen.
Eine ltere Frau, die in einem Laden Shampoo und Haarfestiger kauft.
Ein Fotograf fotografiert Blumen.
Ein Kletterer lehnt sich aus einer Felswand heraus in einen tiefblauen Himmel.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Brille machen Seifenblasen.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner in einer Erdgrube, die miteinander ringen und Bldsinn treiben.
Die Frau hlt das Bild eines Kindes, das auf dem Boden liegt.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Mantel, der mit einem sehr scharfen Hackbeil Fleisch schneidet.
Es sieht aus, wie eine Chorprobe in einer lteren, prunkvollen Kirche.
Ein Mann geht an einem Herbsttag die Strae entlang und kickt Bltter in die Luft.
Der Mann im orangefarbenen Hemd hlt eine Rede.
Zwei Kinder spielen mit einem Fuball auf der Wiese.
Eine kleiner rothaariger Junge spielt Whack Em!.
Ein Hund wird von einer Frau mit weien Schuhen an der Leine gehalten.
Ein Mann rasiert seinen Nacken mit einem Rasierer.
Eine Frau bei einer Sportveranstaltung isst auf den Rngen einen Salat.
Leute suchen im Stadion nach ihren Pltzen.
Zwei Kleinkinder essen Maiskolben in einem kleinen Waggon oder Verschlag.
Fahrradfahrer, eine Frau, die ein Kind im Sportwagen schiebt, und Leute, die in einem Park sitzen.
Ein Junge in blauem Hemd steht neben einer Frau, die auf dem Boden sitzt.
Eine Frau fasst in eine Bonbondose, whrend ein Mann in der Nhe steht.
Mehrere Leute sehen einer Frauen-Rockband zu, die auf einer Bhne voller gelber Spruchbnder auftritt.
Eine Frau hrt der Band auf der Bhne zu.
Eine lchelnde ltere Frau in einem blauen Mantel mit ihrem Hund.
Ein Mann, der sich zu Hause im Freien duscht.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd blickt zu einem Kind mit einem rot gestreiften Hemd und blauen Jeans auf.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in einem Haus machen es sich gemtlich.
Ein Mann reinigt seinen Hof mit einem Laubblser.
Ein Mann und eine Frau auf einem Wohnblock blicken nach oben.
Ein langhaariger Mann spielt Blockflte, und in der Nhe sitzt eine Mwe auf einer Mauer.
Zwei Leute rennen am Strandufer.
Ein kleiner Junge passt auf das Baby auf, whrend der Bruder ein Henna-Tattoo bekommt.
Ein Mann mit grauem Hemd ghnt.
Ein Koch arbeitet an einem Herd, der mit Tpfen und verschiedenen Kchenutensilien bedeckt ist.
Ein Junge fngt einen Fisch, whrend ein Mdchen auf diesen Fisch zeigt.
Ein Friseur mit schwarzem Hemd schneidet einem Jungen vorsichtig die Haare.
Zwei Schnorchler in einem sehr blauen Meer, die an einer orangefarbenen Boje vorbeischwimmen.
Eine Frau mit Schrze und weiem Oberteil steht hinter einem vollen Buffettisch, whrend ein Mann hinter ihr sich bckt.
Eine Gruppe ist in der Pause zu Mittag.
Zwei Mnner machen Kickboxen in einem Ring, ein Mann schlgt den anderen.
Leute stehen in einer unordentlichen Gasse.
Zwei kleine asiatische Jungen posieren in einem Raum mit grner Tr fr die Kamera.
Eine Gruppe sitzt in einem Kreis und lsst es sich gut gehen.
Eine kleine alte Frau lugt hinter der blauen Trffnung und drei Paar Kunststoffsandalen hervor.
3 Leute in einer kleinen Htte oder einem kleinen Haus.
Ein Mdchen wird ber den Kopf eines Mannes gehalten und ihre Haare fliegen in der Luft.
Zwei Mnner fahren auf der Autobahn Motorrad.
Eine Gruppe Mdchen verschiedener ethnischer Herkunft machen auf einer Matte in einer Sporthalle Cheerleaderbewegungen fr Kinder.
Ein Mann in khakifarbenen Hosen steht auf einer Mlltonne mit einem Pfosten im Arm.
Eine Gruppe springt unisono in einen See.
Ein Hund, der Wasser aus einem Wasserhahn trinkt.
Ein Kind wird hlt sein gelbes Surfbrett und wird von einer groen Welle geschoben.
Ein Hochschulabsolvent in Robe spricht bei der Prfung zu einem Professor.
Ein wei gekleidetes Mdchen schwingt ein Schwert.
Ein unbeholfen aussehendes Mdchen blickt aus einem Fenster auf die Strae.
Zwei Mnner mit einem kleinen Kind wandern in der Nhe von interessanten Felsformationen.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters mit einer roten Mtze angelt.
Zwei Jungen stehen auf dem Sand neben einem umgekippten Stuhl.
Ein Junge mit einem blauen Handtuch und einem weien Hut hlt eine Taucherbrille und einen Schnorchel.
Ein schwimmender Junge mit Taucherbrille.
Ein Kind, das beim Spielen eine Pause macht, um ein Eis zu essen.
Jemand nimmt einem Footballspieler der Green Bay Packers ein Tuch ab.
Eine Frau mit einer Botentasche fhrt Fahrrad.
In einem Park knurrt ein gestromerter Hund einen springenden braunen Hund mit violettem Halsband an.
Schwere Maschinen, die in einer Fabrik im Einsatz sind.
Zwei Jungen sind an einem Baum angeseilt und schwingen ber ein Drahtseil.
Vier Frauen arbeiten bei der Essenszubereitung zusammen.
Ein asiatischer Mann liegt mit zwei Kindern auf einem Fliesenboden und verwendet alte Kleidung als Kissen.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper, der auf einem nicht fertiggestellten Dach balanciert.
Zwei Mnner in kugelsicheren Westen bewachen eine Menschenmenge bei ein paar weien Zelten.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt im Park Fuball.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blauem Hemd kickt einen Fuball durch die Gegend.
Ein Mann geht ins Dunkel hinein.
Eine Gruppe Soldaten, die sich ber einen Feuerplatz beugen, wo Fleisch auf dem Grill gart.
Ein lterer Mann arbeitet in seiner Heimwerkerwerkstatt an einem Projekt.
Ein junger Mann hlt eine kastanienbraune Gitarre und raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein lterer Mann ist im Freien und trgt Pflanzen.
Zwei Kinder im Badezimmer, eines steht, whrend das andere ein Buch liest und die Toilette benutzt.
Zwei asiatische Mnner in dunklen Anzgen im Gesprch miteinander.
Ein Mann in Schwarz und  Wei benutzt ein scharfes Werkzeug, um Holz zu hacken.
Zwei Personen auf einem Boot, die den Sonnenuntergang betrachten.
Ein blau und braun gekleidetes Mdchen mit Taschen steht am Ende eines Tunnels.
Drei Fensterputzer in blauen Uniformen arbeiten auf einem Gerst.
Zwei junge Mnner spielen drauen bei einer goldenen Gandhi-Statue.
Zwei Hunde spielen drauen mit einem Spielzeug.
Zwei Mnner fahren auf einer Aschenbahn ein Fahrradrennen, whrend eine Handvoll Zuschauer hinter einem Zaun zusieht.
Eine Frau, die in einem Park sitzt und auf einem Handy redet.
Drei Personen stehen in der Nhe von drei mehrfarbigen Heiluftballons.
Sechs sehr bunte Heiluftballons werden auf den Abflug vorbereitet.
Der Junge hlt einen Basketball auf einem Holz-Basketballfeld.
Ein Junge in einer Turnhalle dribbelt mit einem Basketball.
Ein Junge in Bewegung vor Topfpflanzen und einer beigefarbenen Mauer.
Eine junge Frau mit blauem Helm, die einen Felsen hochklettert.
Ein Mann mit weiem T-Shirt und kurzen Hosen klettert, whrend andere mit blauen Schutzhelmen zusehen.
Eine Dame blst ein Incredible Hulk-Spielzeug auf.
Eine Person mit einem Fallschirm, an dem eine amerikanische Flagge angebracht ist.
Ein Fallschirmspringer oder eine Fallschirmspringerin, die fast den Boden berhrt.
Ein Mdchen mit gestreiftem Oberteil hlt einen elektronischen Krachmacher, den sie selbst gebaut hat.
Ein Mann springt neben einem Dsenflugzeug Fallschirm.
Ein erfahrener Fotograf macht einen Schnappschuss, obwohl er von seiner ganzen Ausrstung niedergedrckt wird.
Kinder im Park haben Spa am Sackhpfen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern, denen das Sackhpfen Spa macht.
Ein Baby, das im seinem Autositz schlft.
Ein Mann mit grauem Jackett und weiem Hemd lehnt sich an ein Gelnder und spricht zu einem anderen Mann.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters, der mit seinem schwarzen Motorrad durch eine Wohngegend fhrt.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd fhrt mit Rollerblades an einer Bank in der Stadt vorbei.
Zwei Mnner filetieren einen Fisch in einem Splbecken, whrend andere zusehen.
Mehrere Personen sitzen auf einer Stufe am Wasser und angeln.
Eine Frau, die sich am Ende eines Floes festhlt.
Eine Frau mit kurzen blonden Haaren steht von einem Stuhl auf, whrend eine andere Frau in einem burgunderroten Oberteil lacht.
Eine Frau mit einem rosafarbenen Oberteil benutzt Fitnessgerte.
Drei Personen gehen in einer regnerischen Nacht in China eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit Shorts und nacktem Oberkrper sitzt in der Hocke.
Ein Fahrrad ist vor einem Laden mit einem groen orangefarbenen Schild geparkt.
Vorbereitung eines Fischessens fr die Familie.
Ein Junge mit einer blauen Mtze zeigt auf eine Schssel voller Kork.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby, ein anderes Kind steht neben ihr.
Ein Papa und seine Jungs sind als Familie im Freien und erledigen familire Aufgaben mit ihrem Nutzvieh.
Ein Mann mit einer Mtze grillt.
Drei Frauen in unterschiedlichem Alter mit weien Kleidern sitzen in einer staubigen Lichtung vor Bumen.
Passagiere, die mit dem Zug durch die Stadt fahren.
Zwei Frauen in Uniform stehen am Straenrand, als eine Frau mit weien Cowboystiefeln vorbei geht.
Ich glaube, hier werden Bauarbeiten ausgefhrt.
Fnf Wanderer gehen ber eine trockene, gestrppreiche Ebene auf im Hintergrund zu sehende verschneite Berge zu.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern, die Luftballontiere halten.
Ein Mdchen mit einer grnen Jacke kniet und fotografiert ein anderes, stehendes Mdchen.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Polohemd und Brille spielt auf einer roten Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper taucht in ein eingezuntes, grnes Schwimmbecken, hinter ihm ist ein Wald.
Ein Chor singt in der Kirche fr die Gemeinde.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank vor ein paar purpurroten Pflanzen.
Zwei Personen mit Fahrradhelmen, die auf einer Bank miteinander plaudern.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbener Jacke steht auf einer Leiter und inspiziert einen groen Metallbehlter.
Eine attraktive Frau klettert ber einen Zaun.
Stdter freuen sich an einem verschneiten Tag, whrend im Hintergrund eine Erinnerung an den Sommer zu sehen ist.
Ein Mdchen in einem Overall macht einen Schneeengel.
Ein Mann blickt in einen Spiegel und schmiert Rasiercreme auf seinen Bart, ein anderer Mann steht im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann begutachtet Antiquitten in einem Laden.
Zwei verwahrloste gelbe Hunde, die grob miteinander spielen.
Mehrere Bauarbeiter, die einen Parkplatz pflastern.
Jungen spielen Flag Football, whrend ein paar Umstehende zusehen.
Es sind viele Leute in der Strae.
Eine Menge uniformierter Mnner ist unterwegs, deren Uniform aus blauen Oberteilen und weien Hosen besteht.
Der Mann verlegt Fliesen an der Badezimmerwand.
Zwei Mnner legen Fliesen in einem Raum, der ein Badezimmer sein knnte.
Leute drngen sich in einer Strae einer asiatischen Stadt.
Eine Personengruppe steht am Straenrand neben einem orangefarbenen Bus.
Vier asiatische Personen sind in drei Kanus unterwegs.
Eine Touristengruppe auf einem kleinen bunten Boot in den Gewssern eines sdostasiatischen Lands.
Eine Menschenmenge, die sich um einen Mann mit einer roten japanischen Maske versammelt hat.
Eine Person mit einem gestreiften Rohr, die mitten in einer Menschenmenge steht.
Eine lchelnde Person mit Jacke und Stiefeln springt in eine groe Pftze.
Drei Personen wandern einen Berg hoch, whrend im Hintergrund ein Fluss und andere Berge zu sehen sind.
Ein Mann und ein Junge fahren zusammen auf einem Skateboard.
Zwei Dachshunde rennen mit einem blauen Ball durch das Gras.
Ein Apotheker bei der Arbeit stellt verschriebene Medikamente zusammen.
Ein Mdchen singt in ein Mikrofon, whrend ihr ein anderes Mdchen zusieht.
Ein brauner Hund, der mit einem Tennisball spielt.
Vier Mnner in einem Auto, von denen einer auf dem mittleren Sitz sitzt, sich umgedreht hat und in die Kamera blickt.
Ein Mann hlt in einem Raum einen Kunststoffkrug hoch.
Ein Mdchen in rotem Mantel, blauem Kopftuch und Jeans macht einen Schneeengel.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen, die zusammen lernen.
Eine Person in einem Kapuzenpulli, die ihr Gesicht verbirgt, sitzt neben einem frisch gesgten Baumstamm.
Mnner machen einen Baumschnitzerei-Wettbewerb.
Zwei Mnner mit neongelben Hemden, die emsig einen Baumstamm durchsgen.
Teenager, die in der Nhe einer Betonmauer miteinander sprechen.
Die Frau steht vor einem Steinteich und trgt ein rotes Oberteil.
Ein Mann mit gelber Warnweste greift ein Holzbrett.
Zwei Mnner, die auf einer Eisenbahnschwelle sitzen und der Kamera etwas in seiner Hand zeigen.
Ein Mann in der Kche macht Brezeln.
Kinder stehen auf der Bhne vor einem Publikum und sind bereit, etwas aufzufhren.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Karren voll mit in Tten abgeflltem Wasser auf den Rollsteig.
Eine Frau in einem violetten Kleid untersucht ein groes Stck Stoff.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Parkbank und schlft.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm steht auf einem Schutthaufen.
Eine orientalische Frau in einer vollen Strae, die auf etwas zeigt.
Eine  Braut und jemand von der Hochzeitsgesellschaft in einem dunkleren Kleid gehen am Strand entlang.
Eine silberne Statue von Mnnern auf Motorrdern.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Pullover, Handschuhen, Mtze und Schal sitzt in der Nhe eines Felsblocks.
Ein kleiner Junge steht auf einem Pier neben einem Boot.
Ein Turner mit blauem Trikot macht einen Handstand auf dem Boden dem Sporthallenboden.
Ein Kind mit grnen Schuhen, das in einen Abfluss starrt.
Ein weier Mann mit einem gelben Hemd mit der Aufschrift Glass Collector zieht mit aller Kraft an einem sehr groen Seil.
Ein Junge in kurzen Hosen mit Tarnmuster und einem orangefarbenen Oberteil hat seine Mtze verkehrt herum auf.
Viele Menschen vor groen Gebuden auf der Strae.
Ein gelbbrauner Hund rennt mit einem Stock im Maul durch flaches Wasser.
Ein Mann mit gestreiftem Hemd sieht zu, wie ein U-Bahn-Wagen vorbeifhrt.
Ein paar Mnner reparieren etwas mitten auf einer Strae.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit farbigen Ttowierungen auf den Armen und zwei Hunden bleibt im Wald stehen.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Felsen und blickt auf ein Fahrrad.
Ein orange gekleidetes Kind spielt drauen mit einem Schneeball.
Eine Person geht einen verschneiten Hgel hinauf.
Ein Mann mit kurzen Hosen steht auf einem Felsen und sieht sich von oben die Umgebung an.
Der braune Hund luft durch die Blumen.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Bikini-Unterteil und einem blauen Sport-BH rennt auf einer Laufbahn.
Eine weibliche und zwei mnnliche Personen in einem Klassenzimmer.
Ein braunhaariges Mdchen mit Brille und ein blondes Mdchen reden drauen auf einem Feld miteinander.
Ein gelbbrauner Hund springt hoch, um einen Tennisball zu fangen.
Vier Mnner mit Helmen (2 davon beobachtend) graben im Erdboden.
Eine alte Frau webt einen Stoff.
So ein schner Tag, um alleine schnorcheln zu gehen.
Ein lohfarbener Hund und ein kleines Mdchen kssen sich.
Eine Figur in der Ferne geht zwischen den Bumen entlang, auf ihnen liegt ein Hauch von Schnee.
Ein Hund rennt auf AstroTurf, um eine Frisbee-Scheibe zu fangen.
Ein Junge mit roter Baseballausrstung macht vor einem Wohnwagenplatz einen Wurf.
Eine groe Menschenmenge ist auf der Strae versammelt.
Eine Person, die in einem Stuhl sitzt und vor einem Gebude Waren verkauft.
Ein Kind spielt drauen mit einem Wasserspeier, whrend der Rest der Familie zusieht.
Eine Frau mit kurzen blonden Haaren hlt Geige und Bogen.
Ein Mann geht einen verschneiten Berg hinab.
Zwei Pudel im Schnee, einer davon springt hoch.
Kche auf einem Balkon machen eine Pause.
Eine groe Gruppe mit roten Schwimmwesten auf einem Flo auf dem Fluss
Ein Mann mit erhobenen Armen auf dem Gipfel eines Berges.
Ein Kind spielt auf einer roten Spielzeuggitarre und singt in ein mehrfarbiges Mikrofon.
Ein Mann, der im Wasser paddelt.
Zwei Mnner in einer unordentlichen Kche sind gierig auf den kstlichen Truthahn.
Ein Mann bereitet auf einer Kchentheke mit drei Schsseln eine Mahlzeit zu.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit Brille schneidet am Esstisch einen Truthahn an.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Haaren starrt nach rechts.
Der purpurrote Fallschirm schwebt von der Klippe auf den darunterliegenden grauen Ozean zu.
Der Fallschirmspringer steht in einem Feld neben seinem offenen Fallschirm.
Ein Mann platziert einen Truthahn auf einem Grill.
Mehrere Arbeiter, die etwas bauen.
Drei Frauen, die sich unter einem Schirm unterhalten, whrend eine andere Frau alleine am Strand sitzt.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann macht Kung Fu.
Mit dem Fallschirmspringer fliegt ein Vogel mit.
Zwei Vorstehhunde wetteifern darum, wer das Tier tten kann.
Ein Mann, der einer Gruppe in einem mittelgroen Raum einen Vortrag hlt.
Ein Kind, das sein jngeres Geschwisterchen in einem Sportwagen schiebt.
Ein Mdchen in einem Blumenkleid rennt im Sand.
Ein kleines weies Baby sitzt in einem Koffer.
Eine Menschenmenge ist zu Fu unterwegs, die meisten davon wei gekleidet.
Ein Bild von zwei Mdchen, die nachts Garn benutzen.
Ein schwarzer Welpe mit schwarzem Halsband sitzt auf Gras und Blttern.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge krabbelt auf dem Asphalt.
Ein Kind mit einem dunkelgrnen Mantel, das ein Spielzeug trgt, in einem Spielzeuggeschft.
Ein Baby hlt eine Spielsteuerung ber seinen Kopf und lacht.
Ein lterer Mann platziert eine Holzkiste auf einem Stapel Holzkisten.
Ein Mann, der sich auf den Schreibtisch lehnt und jemandem am Telefon zuhrt.
Da liegt ein Mann mit einer rot-weien Mtze auf dem Kopf auf dem Boden.
Drei Jungen in einem holzverkleideten Raum, von denen einer einen Bogen unter die Lupe nimmt.
Drei Mnner, die identisch zu sein scheinen, sitzen an einem Tisch, wobei der am Ende Sitzende aus einer Kaffeetasse trinkt.
Ein Mann spricht in einem leeren Bereich zu einem Jungen.
Eine Gruppe junger erwachsener Frauen sitzt auf dem Boden und strickt.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Jungen auf einer Seilbahn.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund trgt eine rote Jacke und rennt einen grasbewachsenen Pfad entlang.
2 Wanderer sind beim Versuch, es zu berqueren, im Wasser.
Ein asiatischer Mann spielt in einem modernen Apartment mit einem Sugling.
Eine junge Familie sitzt auf einer Treppe und geniet den Tag.
Erwachsene und Kinder stehen und spielen vor einer Treppe in der Nhe eines Waldgebiets.
Zwei Kinder, die zwischen zwei roten Autos stehen.
Ein Mann sitzt bei einer Tasse Kaffee und liest Zeitung.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd, der eine Schneeschippe hlt.
Ein brauner Hund und ein schwarzer Hund sind zusammen im hohen Gras.
Leute gehen in einer groen Pftze.
Ein Mann arbeitet an Schindeln auf einem Dach.
Drei Kinder balgen sich auf einem Blumenteppich.
Ein Mann fliegt durch die Luft, whrend ein Mdchen, das auf einer Couch steht, ihn in den Bauch zu schlagen scheint.
Ein Arbeiter hngt von einem Metallstangenstapel.
Hier ist das Bild eines Mannes, der auf der Baustelle arbeitet.
Drei Hunde rennen ber den Weg.
Eine rot gekleidete Dame steht zwischen zwei Cable-Car-Schienen mitten auf der Strae.
Ein kleiner Junge umgeben von Erwachsenen tanzt auf dem Beton.
Ein kleines Kind spielt vor einer Mauer mit einem Spielzeug.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sind in der Stadt und lcheln.
Die Sonne scheint ber Schnee und Bumen.
Ein Arzt bert sich mit einem Patienten.
Eine groe Menschenmenge und ein Kamerateam betrachten einen Sportplatz.
Ein groes Skelett steht hinter einem Zaun.
Die Reiter und die Pferde auf dem Bergwanderweg machen eine Pause.
Zwei Kinder gehen einen baumgesumten Pfad entlang.
Eine Gruppe muslimischer Mnner in einer Reihe, die in einer stdtischen Umgebung beten.
Ein Mann hlt und fttert seine beiden kleinen Kinder.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd bearbeitet die Wiese mit dem Staubsauger.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Sweatshirt und Stiefeln, der einen grnen Wagen zieht.
Ein Arzt misst einer Frau den Blutdruck.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen spielerisch im Sand.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blau-rosa Trikot geht auf einem Balken, dabei ist die Hand einer Person ausgestreckt, um sie zu sttzen.
Eine Frau und ein Mann packen im Sitzen Geschenke ein.
Ein barfiger Junge schaukelt im Park und blickt in die Kamera.
Zwei Kletterer lcheln am Berghang.
Ein Mann mit dunkelgrner Schrze steht mit den Hnden auf der Hfte, im Hintergrund ein Grill.
Eine kleine Wanne steht vor der Statue.
An einem sonnigen Tag tanzt eine blonde Frau.
Ein Mann reicht einem anderen Mann etwas zu essen von einem Essensverkufer im Freien.
Zwei alte Mnner benutzen Presslufthmmer auf dem Brgersteig, whrend Leute vorbeigehen.
Zwei Kinder, beide in roten Jacken, spielen drauen auf der Treppe.
Ein Mdchen springt von einer Couch aus hoch in die Luft.
Eine Person in Winterausrstung fhrt in der Nhe einer Kreuzung Motorrad.
Eine weibliche Person mit schwarzem Schal und Helm fhrt Motorrad.
Eine Person blickt aus dem Fenster auf einen Bus der Linie A.
Ein weier Hund mit einem Geweih-Imitat auf dem Kopf und ein brauner Hund spielen zusammen im Freien.
Ein kleines rosa gekleidetes Mdchen spielt Himmel und Hlle.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau mit orangefarbenem Schal steht an eine Mauer gelehnt neben der Karte.
Eine Gruppe versammelt sich bei einem Baum.
Oben, im Cafe, isst ein Mann, und an einem anderen Tisch spricht ein anderer Mann am Handy, whrend in der unteren Etage ein Mann zwischen Kartons sitzt.
Ein blonder Junge und ein braunhaariges Mdchen lachen beim Essen zusammen.
Eine Frau in einem leuchtenden Kleid, die lacht.
Zwei Mnner bereiten Essen zu und stehen in der Kche.
Eine Person macht mitten auf dem Feld einen berschlag, whrend ihr Freund fotografiert.
Ein paar junge Mnner spielen Basketball.
Drei Rennhunde rennen aus den Startklappen einer Rennbahn.
Ein brauner Hund rennt im Hof.
Ein asiatischer Mann in einem schwarzen Umhang hlt in der Nhe eines Busches, aus dem Rauch herauskommt, einen kleinen Fcher.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem steilen Gelnder neben einer Treppe Skateboard.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann fhrt auf einer verkehrsreichen Strae Fahrrad.
Ein Mann sieht zu, wie ein anderer Mann auf seinem Fahrrad ein Kunststck macht.
Eine Gruppe von Wanderern, die eine kurze Pause machen.
Ein Hund springt einer Ente nach in das Schwimmbecken.
Die Frau trgt eine rosafarbene Mtze und fhrt im Park Fahrrad.
Eine Frau jongliert mit Baby, Geldbeutel, Geld und Lebensmitteln aus einem Markt.
Ein von anderen Personen umgebenes Mdchen macht auf einem Konzert ein Foto.
Ein Mann mit einer braunen Sportjacke hlt vor Zuhrern einen Vortrag.
Mehrere Motorradfahrer sitzen auf einer Strae auf ihren Motorrdern.
Eine schne Dame im Spiegel schminkt sich.
Ein Mann mit einer Robe geht unter den Augen von Zuschauern zu einer Leinwand.
Ein schwarzer Welpe, der am Nacken eines braunen Hunds kaut.
Eine ltere Frau prsentiert einer Kindergruppe einen Kuchen.
Ein kleines Mdchen geht auf die Stufen zu, wo sich eine Taube befindet.
Ein lohfarbener Hund verfolgt einen weien Hund ber eine mit Blttern berste Wiese nach.
Ein alter Mann mit grauem Bart, der Fahrrad fhrt.
Zwei kleine Jungen mit braunen Haaren und einer mit blonden Haaren.
Zwei Polizisten, die an einer belebten Straenecke stehen.
Eine Person am Strand in einem grnen Hngegleiter.
Eine in Schwarz und Gold gekleidete Frau, die zur Seite blickt.
Eine sehr aufgeregte Frau, die nach rechts blickt.
Zwei Frauen mit Rcken gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Wanderer in der Nhe eines offenen und baumgesumten Gewssers ist tageszeitbedingt im Schatten.
Ein Mann, der bei einem roten Auto steht, wo ein kleines Kind aus dem Fenster blickt.
Ein Mann, der eine Angelrute in einem Bach auswirft.
Eine Person geht unter groen geometrischen Bauwerken.
Ein Mann wandert an einem bewlkten Tag auf einem Berggipfel.
Ein Kanu, das an einem nebligen Flussufer auf ein anderes zufhrt.
Ein Mann isst etwas und geht an einem rot-gelben Schild vorbei den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf dem Boden und spricht am Handy.
Eine ostasiatische Frau sitzt in etwas, das aussieht wie ein U-Bahn-Wagen, vor ihr stehen zwei Geschftsleute.
Eine Frau hat in einer Auslage Gemse ausgelegt.
Ein Maler, der rechts und links einen Eimer angeschnallt hat, hngt seitlich von einem Gebude und malert.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd ist bei einem Straenverkufer und sieht zu.
Zwei Damen gehen auf dem Brgersteig und sprechen miteinander.
Frauen, die ein Getue um ein Neugeborenes und ein Kleinkind machen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die den Brgersteig entlang gehen und Taschen tragen.
Ein Junge sitzt in der Bibliothek und liest ein Buch.
Ein braun-weier Hund hat einen Tennisball im Maul.
Mehrere Menschen mit Schutzausrstung.
Eine Frau mit langen roten Haaren steht in ihrer weien Kche, hlt einen Schwamm in der Hand und lchelt der Person zu, die fotografiert.
Eine Gruppe hngt am Hafen ab und trinkt Bier.
Drei Mnner unterhalten sich an einem Ort, wo man sich trifft.
Ein Hund rennt im Wald.
Zwei Frauen, die sich umarmen, in einem vollen Raum, wo Leute etwas trinken.
Eine Personengruppe in einem Gebude.
Ein brauner Hund mit Leine rennt, hinter dem Hund ist eine Person.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich an einem ffentlichen Ort im Freien.
Ein Mann mit Brille hat sich gerade hingesetzt, um seinen Burger zu essen.
Ein junger Mann mit blauem Hemd isst einen Hotdog.
Zwei Kinder in Mnteln posieren mit einem Schneemann.
Vier Leute blicken auf etwas durch einen Zaun hindurch.
Zwei lchelnde junger Mnner, die unter einer gelbbraunen Steppdecke in einem grnen Papasansessel liegen.
Im Freien hat ist eine groe Menschengruppe versammelt.
Ein Mdchen ist an einem Tisch gesessen und hat versucht, ein Pfefferkuchenhaus zu bauen.
Ein Mann blickt aus dem Fenster eines Zuges.
Drei Kinder springen in einen Pool, in dessen Mitte eine Palme steht.
Zwei genau gleich gekleidete Kinder  hngen an einem Maschendrahtzaun.
Ein Junge in Schlafanzughosen springt auf einer roten Couch.
Ein Mann in typischer Kochkleidung bereitet Wrste zu.
Ein schwarzer Hund spielt neben dem gefrorenen Fluss mit einem Stckchen Eis.
Bei einem Jahrmarkt gehen Leute die Strae entlang.
Eine ltere Frau fhrt in der Stadt Fahrrad, whrend gleich ein gelbes Taxi vorbeifahren wird.
Eine weibliche Person, die in einer Trffnung steht und eine Zigarette raucht.
Der Mann trgt an einem verschneiten Tag Schal, Jacke und Pelzmtze.
Ein Junge spielt Kricket.
Eine Mutter freut sich sehr, dass sie ihr neugeborenes Baby hlt.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt auf der Wiese.
Der schwarz-weie Hund galoppiert mit dem braunen Hund irgendwo im Freien.
Eine Frau mit einem Helm fhrt Fahrrad.
Zwei Jungen spielen Kricket, einer wirft einen orangefarbenen Ball.
Ein Portrt eines Mdchens und eines kleinen Kindes.
Ein Mann, in dessen Armen ein Kind schlft, blickt nach unten.
Ein Mdchen hlt einen Ball und zeigt auf eine Frisbeescheibe.
Die Schulkinder trugen Uniformen mit weien Hemden, blauen Hosen und gelben Namensschildchen.
Sieben Personen sitzen ein metallenen Klappsthlen und diskutieren ein Thema.
Ein schwarzes Kind steht am Rand eines Gewssers in der Nhe von Eimern.
Ein mittelgroes Kind springt von einem staubigen Erdwall ber einen Bach.
Leute die ziellos herumlaufen und sich verhalten, als ob sie auf eine Antwort von jemandem oder etwas warten.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Rock geht neben einer Steinmauer entlang.
Ein roter Hund kauert im Schnee.
Ein Kind tanzt auf einer Strohflche.
Eine Junge mit Kochutensilien in den Hnden zieht ein wildes Gesicht.
Zwei Mdchen halten Getrnke und blicken auf etwas auf einem Handy.
Ein kleines Kind mit Strickmtze und Mantel hlt eine Schneeschaufel in einer Schneewehe.
Mehrere Personen, die in ihre Kameras blicken
Ein Mann im Kajak, der einen wilden Wasserfall herunterkommt
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Boot, der durch Wildwasser paddelt.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem violetten Kleid blickt zur Kamera hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem blau-grnen Kajak lchelt.
Eine Frau und ein Mann stehen einander an einem Fugngerberweg auf gegenberliegenden Straenseiten gegenber.
Ein Mann und eine Frau trinken an einer Bar.
Ein Mann auf einem Parkplatz neben einem roten Lkw, der eine Schachtel in diesen Lkw stellt.
Das hintere Ende eines Tieres, dessen vorderes Ende unter der Erde ist.
Ein Mann mit Schnauzer und weiem Hemd ist an einem Stand, wo Zigaretten und Glasflaschen mit verschiedenen Limonaden ausgestellt sind.
Das scheint eine groe Versammlung von Leuten und burgunderfarbener Kleidung zu sein.
Zwei Mnner, die sich fein gemacht haben, mit Pelzen mit ganzen Nasen und Hten und Sonnenbrillen.
Leute posieren fr ein Bild im Schnee.
Ein junger weier Mann mit dunklen Hosen und einem hellen T-Shirt spielt in einer Band Waldhorn.
Ein lterer Mann im Hawaiihemd trgt ein groes Bndel auf den Schultern.
Ein beschdigtes Fahrzeug wird in einer nchtlichen Umgebung von einem Reparaturfahrzeug befrdert.
Zwei kleine Mdchen liegen lchelnd auf dem Gras.
Zwei Mnner mit nacktem Oberkrper spielen Tischtennis.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Skimtze und einem rot-weien Halsband blickt in die Ferne.
Ein barfiger kleiner Junge kehrt einen Ziegelboden.
Ein Hund mit einer Zeitung im Maul rennt einen befestigten Pfad entlang.
Drei Frauen, die auf einer Bank sitzen und auf den Bus warten.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Bodysuit surft im Meer.
Drei schwarze Hunde, die in schmutzigem Wasser schwimmen
Ein Mdchen, das einen schweren Mantel trgt und einen Kuchen mit Kerzen hlt.
Ein brauner Hund geht im Wasser.
Ein braun und rot gekleideter Mann spielt in einer Halle Golf.
Ein Mann wandert auf einem unbefestigten Weg hoch ber der Stadt.
Ein einsamer Wanderer auf einem unbefestigten Wanderpfad mit Mtze und Sonnenbrille und mit Bumen im Hintergrund
Ein Wanderer, der auf einem Felsen steht und ber eine Stadt blickt.
Zwei Mnner stehen neben einer groen Maschine.
Zwei Mnner mit Jacken und Handschuhen blasen Bltter weg.
Zwei Mnner in Arbeitskleidung stehen vor einer groen Fabrik neben einem Sattelzug.
Die Frau und die Kinder stehen neben der Statue einer Kuh.
Ein Mann mit grner Mtze knipst ein Selbstportrt.
Drei Erwachsene, die fr kaltes Wetter angezogen sind.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Junge geht mit geballten Fusten die Strae entlang.
Zwei Mdchen spielen auf einem Skateboard in einem Hof.
Eine Frau mit rotem Mantel und brauner Mtze und ein Mann mit schwarzem Ledermantel gehen an einem Lebensmittelverkufer auf der Strae vorbei.
Eine braunhaarige mnnliche Person, die sich in einer Eiche entspannt.
Ein groer flauschiger grauer Hund, der vor einem braunen Hund im Gras steht.
Ein Mann in einem gelben USA-Hemd sitzt drauen vor dem Eingang zu einem Foyer.
Dieser Bauer schneidet mit einer Machete in die geerntete Frucht, um sie auf dem Markt zu verkaufen.
Vier Frauen an einer Bar, die lachen.
Eine aus Mnnern und Frauen bestehende Gruppe, die auf Buden sitzt und aus Flaschen und Glsern trinkt.
Ein schwarzer Hund jagt durch den Sand.
Leute sitzen zu einem formellen Anlasse an langen Esstischen in einem Zelt.
Whrend es schneit, sieht eine junge Frau glcklich aus in ihrer Winterkleidung.
Ein Mann und ein Kind gehen am Strand entlang, whrend ein Ball im Wasser schwimmt.
Eine Bigband bt in einer Kirche.
Ein kleiner Junge mit grnem Hemd rennt auf einem Felsvorsprung.
Zwei junge Mnner, die auf einem Markt Waren verkaufen.
Zwei Mdchen, die in einem Hof auf einem Trampolin springen, das eine aufrecht und das andere, wie es auf dem Rcken landet.
Leute stehen drauen und beobachten, wie Motorrder eine Strae entlang fahren.
Ein lterer Mann mit weiem Hemd, der Motorrad fhrt.
Eine Person geht an einem blau-grnen Wasser vorbei und hlt sich an einem Gelnder.
Eine Gruppe von Motorradfahrern fhrt um einen Parkplatz herum.
Ein Mann, der einen Krbis schnitzt, in Boxershorts.
Ein Mdchen, das hinter einem Davidstern steht.
Eine Person liegt mit dem Gesicht nach unten halb unter einem Auto.
Ein schwarzer Mann mit weiem Puma-Tanktop und roten Shorts, der in der Trffnung eines roten Gebudes steht
Zwei Mnner lcheln einander zu.
Ein kleiner Junge in gestreiftem Hemd wirft Steine, damit diese ihn mit Wasser bespritzen.
Eine lter Frau entwirft ein Muster auf einem Webstuhl.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt an einem kalten Tag in einer Pftze.
Ein Hund legt seinen Kopf auf das Gesicht eines Mannes.
Das kleine Mdchen hlt ihre blaue Tasche im Arm und schlft.
Ein Mdchen, das auf einem Krokodil sitzt
Das Kind trgt eine blaue Jacke und steht in flachem Wasser am Strand.
Ein Baby in einem Laufgitter, das groe Augen macht
Der deutsche Schferhund rennt durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann, der einen Ziegel in den Boden setzt.
Ein wei-brauner Hund rollt sich im Sand auf dem Rcken.
Ein Hund schttelt sich Wasser aus dem Fell.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer elektrischen Bassgitarre mit 5 Saiten.
Die Dame und der Mann posieren fr ein Bild.
Bauarbeiter setzen Httensteine auf ein Bauwerk auf.
Zwei Mdchen, die in Shorts und Sweatshirts die Strae entlang gehen.
Viele Leute haben sich nachts im Freien versammelt und essen etwas, es sind viele helle Lichter zu sehen.
Ein Kleinkind blickt in einen Frontlader-Trockner.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd sitzt neben einer alten Frau in rosafarbenem Oberteil in einem Zug.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Stirnband, der einen Felsen erklettert
Ein Mann, der nachts in einem Friseursalon ein Buch liest.
Zwei schwarze Mnner in gegnerischen Teams, die Basketball spielen.
Ein junger Mann macht ein erstauntes Gesicht, als er sich dem Kameramann direkt vor seiner Kche zuwendet.
Zwei Mnner stehen beieinander, einer blickt durch ein Fernglas.
ltere Menschen sitzen an Tischen zusammen und reden.
Eine Person posiert im Schnee.
Eine einsame Person, die auf Felsen steht, mit groen schneebedeckten Bergen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann an einem steinigen Strand hebt seine Arme.
Ein Wanderer mit einer grnen Jacke posiert neben einem groen Gletscher.
Jemand, der auf eine Unordnung auf dem Boden starrt.
Das kleine Mdchen steht als rosafarbene Fee gekleidet auf einer Bhne.
Eine alte Frau, die bei einer Fotoausstellung im Freien Bilder macht.
Ein grinsendes Mdchen sitzt in einem rosafarbenen Karren, der eine grne Rampe hinuntergleitet.
Vater und Sohn im Bett, lchelnd.
Fnf Mnner stehen in einer Linie vor einem roten Vorhang.
Eine Tennisspielerin steht in einer Bereitschaftshaltung.
Ein Wanderer steht vor dem Berg und hlt zwei Wanderstcke.
Ein brauner Hund luft in der Nhe von einem grnen Fahrzeugs und etwas Mll.
Eine schwarz-graue Katze steht auf einem Apparat und wird von zwei groen Hunden angestarrt.
Eine ltere Frau bereitet in der Kche etwas zu essen zu.
Zwei Kinder, eines mit einem roten, eines mit einem blauen Mantel, sitzen an einem See.
Der Coach eines Fuballteams spricht auf einem Fuballfeld zu den Jungen.
Ein Mann in einem gelblichen Hemd und braunen Hosen blickt das Fairway entlang auf den Golfball, den er gerade geschlagen hat.
Eine Frau sitzt auf dem Boden und lackiert ihre Zehenngel.
Ein kleiner Hund rennt vom Erdboden auf die Strae.
Drei mnnliche Personen an der Wasserkante mit Angelausrstung.
Ein Schler auerhalb eines Schulgebudes im winterlichen Schnee hpft, um die Hacken zusammenzuschlagen.
Zwei Hunde trinken Wasser in einem See.
Ein Mann mit Brille und grnem Hemd hlt sich an der Mauer fest.
Eine orange gekleidete Frau arbeitet neben einem Webstuhl.
Ein kleines Kind springt auf einem bunten Spielzeug in der Strae.
Ein Skifahrer schnappt ber dem Schnee Luft.
Ein weier Hund spielt drauen in einem eingezunten Hof, whrend es schneit.
Eine Person, die ein Schild mit der Aufschrift Free Hugs hlt, umarmt eine andere Person.
Ein Baseball prallt nach einer Aktion auf einem behandelten Feld zurck, whrend andere zusehen.
Ein Mann steht und beobachtet einen anderen Mann, der gerade in der Luft ist.
Ein kleines Kind in einem roten Mantel zeigt auf eine Handtasche in einem Schaufenster.
Ein kleines Kind steht am Waldrand.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt von einem Flussufer in der Nhe eines Waldgebiets.
Ein Mann, der vor einem hell erleuchteten Keller etwas trinkt.
Fnf asiatische Mdchen stehen auf einem Pfad Schlange und bereiten sich darauf vor, zu rennen.
Vier Mnner in der Hocke zeigen auf eine Messlatte.
Zwei Schulkinder rennen, um zum Ziel zu kommen.
Drei asiatische Mnner, die rennen und ein Wettrennen gewinnen.
Eine Gruppe sitzender asiatischer Kinder in weien Polohemden und marineblauen Hosen.
Ein Junge ist von Tauben umgeben.
Eine Gruppe in Uniformen marschiert und trgt Schilder mit chinesischen Buchstaben darauf.
Eine Frau auf einer Skipiste.
Ein Kind, das ein grnes Trgertop mit der Nummer vier trgt, nimmt an einem Wettrennen teil.
Kinder bergeben bei einem Staffellauf einen Stab.
Bei einem Staffellauf bergibt das blaue Team den Stab.
Zwei Personen stehen an einem Strand und blicken nach rechts.
Eine ttowierte Frau mit einem schwarzen Kleid sitzt an einem Tisch in einem schwach erleuchteten Raum und hlt ein Getrnk.
Ein Mann an einem steinigen Strand posiert fr das Foto.
Ein Kleinkind bei einem Pfosten mit einer orangefarbenen Schwimmweste zu seinen Fen.
Drei Jungen machen ein Wettrennen.
Zwei Mdchen nehmen an einem Wettlauf auf einer Bahn teil.
Ein orangefarbene Hund springt ber gestreifte Pfosten auf seinem Weg.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete Personen sitzen auf einer Bank und blicken nach unten.
Eine Parade mit rosa gekleideten Menschen marschiert vorbei.
Ein asiatisches Open-Air-Festival mit weien Worten auf roten Spruchbndern, eine Bhne mit Richtern hinter eine Reihe roter Blumen, und viele asiatische Menschen, die herumstehen.
Mehrere Kinder auf einem asiatischen Markt scheinen mit einem Spiel beschftigt zu sein.
Kinder, die fremde Spruchbnder halten und vor einem lteren Mann und einer lteren Frau stehen.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt auf einem prachtvollen Stuhl mit einem Tisch vor sich.
Zwei Mnner in einer aus 4 Personen bestehenden Gruppe blicken zu einer groen Seifenblase hoch.
Eine Menschenmenge vergngt sich bei einem Open-Air-Festival.
Zwei ltere Frauen in der Nhe einer Mauer mit Graffitis, beide mit langrmeligen Jacken und weien Haaren, halten Hndchen.
Zwei Mdchen und drei Jungen sitzen am Strand und lachen.
Der weie Hund wadet im Teich auf dem Berg.
Ein kleiner Junge, der auf eine rote Wand blickt.
Eine asiatische Frau, die vor einem Gewsser steht und von Bumen mit roten Blttern umgeben ist.
Ein asiatischer Junge lehnt gegen einen Pfosten.
Eine Ballettlehrerin zeigt einem Mdchen, welche Haltung sie einnehmen soll.
Ein Junge liest an einem Schreibtisch vor geschlossenen Jalousien.
Leute gehen an einem Lounge & Grill die Strae entlang.
Zwei Kinder sind in einer Htte.
Junge Leute sitzen nebeneinander und benutzen Computer.
Drei Mnner in einer einfachen Kabine, die mit Laptops arbeiten.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt auf einem Klettergerst mit blauem Dach und gelbem Tunnel.
Ein Mann, der drauen nach etwas in einem Kunststoffbehlter greift.
Ein weier Hund spielt mit einem braunen Hund auf einem Teppich.
Ein Junge, der im Wasser spielt.
Ein lterer Mann in gelblicher Jacke berquert eine Strae in der Stadt.
Eine Familie mit einem Kleinkind in einem roten Sportwagen geht einen Naturpfad entlang.
Ein Junge hlt fr die Kamera ein Krokodilbaby hoch.
Zwei Frauen, die neben einer Tr stehen, hinter einer anderen Person, die in einem roten Stuhl sitzt.
Leute, die in einem Markt mit sehr viel Obst einkaufen.
Ein Junge mit einem Stein in der Hand steht am Wasser.
Ein Junge vor einem groen Gebude, der einen Stein in einen Teich wirft.
Ein alter Mann spielt vor einem roten, mit Geld gefllten Eimer Gitarre.
Eine sitzende ltere Frau, die ein Gemlde einer Gruppe afrikanischer Frauen fertigstellt.
Eine Frau klettert eine steile Felswand hinauf.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt durch eine sumpfhnliche Gegend.
Ein Mann und ein paar Fahrrder befinden sich vor einem groen Gebude.
Ein Mann mit einem Bastrock steht im Gras in einer Gruppe von auf dem Rcken liegenden Schweinen in der Nhe der Kste.
Eine Person klettert einen verschneiten Berg hinauf.
Eine Frau mit einem Schleier sitzt vor einer Decke.
Ein lterer Mann, der vor einem Auto sitzt.
Ein weier Hund mit braunen Punkten springt durch die Luft.
Eine Gruppe von Tnzerinnen, die auf einer Bhne tanzen.
Ein brauner Hund mit einer roten Jacke rennt durch das Gras.
Ein Rodeoteilnehmer fngt whrend einem Wettbewerb ein Kalb mit dem Seil ein.
Die Silhouette von drei Mnnern, die bei Sonnenuntergang in einem Boot stehen oder sitzen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem roten Sofa neben einer Katze.
Drei Kinder in Badeanzgen spielen mit Schaum.
Ein Mann, der den Brgersteig an einem steilen Hgel repariert.
Ein Mann, der ein Seil, das am Dock eines groen Boots ins Wasser geworfen wird, wirft oder herausholt.
Ein verdreckter Jeep, der durch den Wald fhrt.
Ein Mann geht auf einer schlecht beleuchteten Strae auf eine Tankstelle zu.
Mutter und Tochter stehen vor einer von Graffitis bedeckten Mauer.
Ein flauschiger weier Hund blickt einen steilen, grasbewachsenen Damm hinunter.
Ein groes Boot fhrt durch den Hafen.
Zwei Babys schlafen in verschmierten Hochsthlen vor CD-Regalen.
Ein Falke sitzt auf dem linken Arm eines Mdchens, whrend ein Mann ihr hilft und in ein Mikrofon spricht.
Zwei Fuballteams kommen am Tor zusammen und der Torwart fasst nach dem Ball.
Das Kind mit der roten Jacke und den orangefarbenen Handschuhen sitzt neben einer Schaufel im Schnee.
Eine Personengruppe sitzt zu einer Mahlzeit am Tisch.
Eine Frau, die am Straenrand sitzt und Bananen verkauft.
2 Mnner in einem Raum mit einem Weihnachtsbaum sitzen auf beiden Seiten einer Staffelei und zeichnen.
Personen, die Schafe fttern, und ein Hund, der sie zusammentreibt.
Fnf Frauen in gleichen Badeanzgen halten nahe am Meer ein Seil.
Ein brauner Hund sitzt vor einem Kanu.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund springt durch das frisch gemhte Gras.
Ein alter Mann mit Brille betet mit seinen Perlen im Sitzen.
Leute hngen in Badeanzgen und Freizeitkleidung am Strand herum.
Eine Familie mit mehreren Generationen, die in einem Restaurant eine Mahlzeit einnimmt.
Mehrere Frauen an einem Essensbuffet, von denen einige T-Shirts mit der Aufschrift HSBC tragen.
Ein Mdchen, das seinen roten Teddybr umarmt.
Mehrere Kinder in leuchtende Farben spielen die Reise nach Jerusalem.
Eine Strae in einer besseren Gegend in den schnen grnen Hgeln des Vorgebirges.
Ein weier flauschiger Hund hngt aus dem Fenster eines trkisfarbenen Gebudes.
Der Hund rennt im Gras neben dem Wasser.
Ein heller Hund mit Hngeohren rennt auf die Kamera zu.
Ein Mann mit einer Plastiktte steht in einer Toreinfahrt.
Vier Personen stehen um einen blauen Gabelstapler herum.
Das braune Haar eines Mdchens wird vom Wind zerzaust.
Ein Mann mit gestreiftem Hemd ist auf der Bhne neben einer anderen Person mit einer Gitarre.
Ein blau gekleideter Fuballspieler, der einen Fuball hlt, um ihn zu werden.
Ein Mann mit Brille spielt ein groes Bassinstrument.
Ein kleines Mdchen blickt aus einem geflochtenen Korb heraus.
Eine Taube starrt eine Frau mit schwarzen Stiefeln an, die auf einer Parkbank liest und die Zeitung liest.
Ein kleines Mdchen kehrt eine Veranda mit einem Besen, der grer ist als sie selbst.
Der Mann, der auf dem Balken steht, trgt einen weien Schutzhelm.
Ein mnnlicher Straenknstler, der ganz in Schwarz gekleidet ist, einen Cowboyhut trgt und Gitarre spielt.
Bauarbeiter auf einem Balken, die dabei helfen, den Kran so zu fhren, dass ein anderer Balken an der richtigen Stelle platziert wird.
Ein Mann mit blauem Pullover, der ein gebogenes Brett misst.
Ein Mann, der mit gesenktem Kopf in einer Seitenstrae geht.
Ein Mann am Strand mit einem Baby
Ein lchelnder Mann mit kurzen braunen Haaren und schwarzem Hemd mit einem offenen orangefarbenen Schuhkarton.
Eine Dame betreut ihr Kind.
Zwei Mnner spielen vor einer kleinen Freundesgruppe eine Szene.
Eine Frau trgt eine Kopfbedeckung, die wie etwas gyptisches aussieht.
Zwei Mdchen und ein alter Mann mit grauen Haaren und Bart packen Weihnachtsgeschenke aus.
Eine ltere Frau in einem roten Pullover ffnet ein Geschenk.
Ein brauner Hund liegt auf dem Rcken auf einem weien Teppich mit einem grnen Ball.
Eine Person blickt auf ein Gemlde, und eine andere Person hlt ihre Hand hoch.
Ein Prachtskerl fhrt durch eine schlammige Pftze, die mindestens einen halben Meter tief ist.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Oberteil knuddelt eine Katze.
Die wei gekleidete Dame verkauft Sachen auf einer Strae.
Ein Hund und eine Kuh stehen auf einem Hgel.
Zwei Jungen schwimmen in einem Teich mit grnem Wasser.
Zwei mnnliche Personen starrend auf ein schwimmendes Objekt.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem U-Bahn-Wagen und hat die Beine auf die Sitze gelegt.
Mnner, die drauen im Feld mit einem roten Ring spielen.
Ein Junge rennt an einem Strand mit Blick auf eine Stadt.
Ein Mann in schwarzen Shorts rutscht auf einer Abdeckplane.
Ein Junge in Badehose und Sandalen steht in einer Toreinfahrt.
Zwei Kinder sind in einem kleinen Boot drauen auf dem Meer, im Hintergrund ist ein greres Boot zu sehen.
Leute gehen auf den Brgersteigen einer hell erleuchteten Stadt.
Eine aus mehreren Personen bestehende Gruppe spielt Instrumente.
Eine asiatische Frau in einem schwarz-wei bedruckten Oberteil sitzt neben einem Gebude.
Eine Gruppe von Mnner in Weihnachtsmannkostmen macht an einer Straenecke Musik.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Bustier isst an einem Tisch Kuchen.
Ein Bauarbeiter der sich gegen eine Ampel lehnt.
Eine Person mit roter Mtze und Winterjacke blickt in die Ferne.
Ein Mann afrikanischer Herkunft steht auf einem Balken.
Eine aus Jugendlichen aus den Vorstdten bestehende Menschenmenge wartet auf den Beginn einer Vorstellung.
Eine Person steht auf einer Leiter und hngt Tapete.
Ein paar Leute parken ihr Boot an der Anlegestelle.
Ein Mann, der in einem Restaurant am Tisch sitzt.
Eine Frau auf einem Platz in einem orangefarbenen Trikot hlt einen Fuball und wird von einer Frau in einem blauen T-Shirt verfolgt.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack auf dem Rcken, der etwas filmt.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund in einer karierten Jacke trgt einen sehr langen Stock.
Ein lchelnder Mann steht auf zwei Motorrollern.
Ein weier Hund befindet sich beim Fangen eines grnen Spielzeugs in der Luft.
Eine Person sitzt mit einem Skateboard auf einer Bank.
Der blau gekleidete Mann versetzt dem Mann mit den roten Handschuhen einen Faustschlag, whrend er sein Gesicht schtzt.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hemd, der Gemse isst.
Eine Frau, die eine Handtasche hlt, geht an zwei Tren vorbei.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem blauen Helm, das einen verschneiten Hgel hinunterrutscht.
Ein Mann spielt fr ein Publikum in einem groen gelb-weien Zelt auf einer akustischen Gitarre.
Vier Walmart-Einkufer im Lebensmittelbereich, die ins Gesprch vertieft sind.
Zwei Personen mit Ruckscken und eine Frau mit roten Shorts stehen auf groen Felsformationen.
Wanderer gehen den roten Lehmpfad hoch.
Eine Band spielt vor einer Gruppe von Fans.
Eine Band spielt an einem kleinen Veranstaltungsort.
Ein kleiner Junge isst etwas und hat den ganzen Mund damit verschmiert.
Eine Band, die bei einer Show auftritt.
Zwei Mnner sitzen vor einer kleinen Gruppe von Mnnern mit Mtzen.
Ein Mnch zeigt Besuchern eines seiner Besitztmer.
Eine mnnliche Person in Unterwsche posiert auf dem Times Square fr ein Bild mit zwei Frauen.
Ein paar Mnner stehen an der Seite der Autobahn.
Eine Person mit roter Mtze steht in einem Schneehaufen neben einer Strae, whrend der Verkehr vorbeizieht.
Ein Wanderer mit roter Mtze, der einen Bergpfad entlanggeht.
Ein Mann mit blauer Jacke steht auf einem unbefestigten Pfad in einem Wald voller Bume und Farn.
Ein Hund sitzt in Eis und Schnee.
Ein warm angezogener Junge, der so tut, als sei ein Eiszapfen eine Pistole.
Ein junger Mann ist drauen mit dem Kopf auf dem Rucksack eingeschlafen.
Ein Kind mit Schnee im Gesicht steigt aus einem blauen Schlitten aus.
Ein lterer Mann mit Brille, der telefoniert.
Zwei Mnner, einer rot und wei gekleidet mit einem blauen Mantel und der andere mit einem dunkleren Mantel, gehen eine gepflasterte Strae entlang.
Zwei Mnner mit blauen Jacken gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Kind mit einer orangefarbenen Jacke und einem Helm spielt im Schnee.
Ein Junge taucht in der Nhe einer Wasserrutsche in ein Schwimmbecken.
Eine Personengruppe steht auf den Stufen eines alten Hauses.
Ein exzentrisch gekleideter Mann und sein Hund sitzen mit Gitarre und Mundharmonika auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann, der Trompete spielt, steht neben einer Frau, die Saxophon spielt, im Freien, und beide tragen rosafarbene Hte.
Diese Frau liegt auf Beton.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Pullover mit Papierabzeichen blickt auf etwas herab.
Vier Personen sind an einer Anlegestelle, und zwei davon sitzen auf Gelndern.
Ein Junge springt in ein Schwimmbecken und Bademeister sehen zu.
Eine groe Menschengruppe mit Flugblttern sitzt in einem Hrsaal.
Ein Mann mit Gitarren und Cowboyhut spielt vor einem Mikrofon.
Zwei Country-Musiker lassen es fetzen.
Ein Mann auf einem Parkplatz hlt eine Limo und wartet auf Kunden.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten in einer Werkstatt an einem Fahrrad.
Eine Frau und ein Kind vor McDonalds, und ein Mann, der mit einem Getrnk drinnen sitzt.
Ein Mann beobachtet ein Kind, das mit Crayola-Stiften etwas ausmalt.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit rotem Oberteil, das auf einem Klettergerst spielt.
Das Baby hlt eine Weihnachtsmannpuppe.
Fnf Kinder, zwei Jungen und drei Mdchen, sitzen drauen vor einem groen Fenster auf dem Boden, wobei die Mdchen weie Schals tragen.
Weihnachtszeit auf einem Platz voller Menschen in der Stadt.
Eine Frau mit grner Weste lehnt sich mit geschlossenen Augen und geffnetem Mund zurck.
Ein kleines Kind schreit, whrend es von einem Mann in weiem Hemd gehalten wird.
Ein Erwachsener hlt ein Kind hoch, das versucht, Eis zu laufen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem weien Gartenstuhl vor einem blauen Gebude.
Zwei Hunde, einer braun, der andere schwarz-wei, spielen auf einem Gehweg.
Ein Junge blickt an Weihnachten auf ein neues Spielzeug.
Vier Mnner in ganz schwarzen Roben gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Kind mit einem gelben Luftballon geht durch einen Jahrmarkt.
Ein Mann ffnet ein Geschenk und posiert damit fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann ffnet ein Geschenk, das ein Bierflaschenkissen enthlt.
Ein Bullenreiter bei einem Rodeo versucht auf einem Bullen zu bleiben.
Der Junge springt in einen See.
Eine junge Frau in einem Muffin-Oberteil packt ein Geschenk aus.
Ein Mdchen geht neben einem Schwimmbecken.
Eine junge Frau mit Hut posiert mit einem Hahn.
Zwei Mdchen genieen ihren Tag im Park mit Seifenblasen.
Eine Person sitzt auf einer aufblasbaren Schwimmhilfe in hoch aufgetrmtem Schnee.
Eine Person mit blauer Jacke steht neben Kisten und kleinen Fssern auf einer belebten Strae in Asien.
Eine alte Dame mit Schrze in der Kche, die lchelt, whrend sie Suppe in einen anderen Topf schpft.
Ein Mdchen mit blauem Badeanzug geht ber den Strand.
Eine Frau liegt auf einem weien Kissen auf dem Bauch und weint.
Ein kleiner Junge wirft drauen mit Schnee um sich.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Mtze und Mantel zieht eine Grimasse, whrend hinter ihm eine Menschenmenge steht.
Eine Familie blickt fasziniert auf ein Neugeborenes, das auf dem Scho der Mutter schlft.
Es ist Weihnachten und es schneit, und eine Person springt auf einem Pfosten.
Eine Frau und ein Mdchen fahren im Stehen einen Schlitten einen Hgel hinunter.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft auf dem laubbedeckten Boden und trgt einen orangefarbenen Ball.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spielen Pokemon.
Eine ltere Person, die im Wasser steht und sich an einem Holzpfahl festhlt.
Ein lterer Mann und eine lter Frau spielen mit den Kindern Monopoly.
Zwei ltere Kinder halten die Hnde eines jngeren Kinds mit Schwimmbrille und springen zusammen in ein Schwimmbecken.
Eine Frau und ein Kind stehen neben einer Wandtafel auf einem Tafelstnder.
Ein Mann spielt auf einem U-Bahn-Bahnsteig auf einer akustischen Gitarre.
Ein Junge schreibt auf eine Tafel.
Ein kleines Mdchen malt sorgfltig die Bilder eines Malbuchs aus.
Einem kleinen Mdchen steht ein Stift aus der Nase heraus.
Eine Frau im Brautkleid wird von einem Mann in einem Hemd hereingebracht.
Zwei ltere Frauen decken den Tisch.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Kleid, die vor einer Menschenmenge tanzt.
Ein mnnliches Kleinkind malt ein Bild mit einem grnen Stift aus, und ein schlecht beleuchtetes Restaurant.
Das Baby trgt einen Latz und sitzt einem Erwachsenen auf dem Schoss.
Drei leger gekleidete Mnner in einem Hof, die lcheln.
Ein goldfarbener Hund springt und versucht, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Der springende Hund blickt nach oben, und ein kleiner weier Ball fliegt vorbei.
Ein Mann mit Brille tauscht die Batterie einer Uhr aus, whrend ihm ein anderer Mann zusieht.
Eine junge Frau und ein paar Freunde auf einer Party.
Ein Mann mit gestreiftem Hemd sitzt am Essenstisch, isst Salat und trinkt ein Glas Rotwein.
Eine Frau, die lchelt, in einem gelben Kostm.
Eine Frau liest aus der Zeitung vor, whrend ein Mann hinter ihr steht.
Zwei Mnner trinken Bier und posieren fr ein Bild.
Ein Mann mit Brille, der einen Jungen drauen in einem mit Hof mit vielen Steinen mit dem Kopf nach unten hlt.
Leute, die im Foyer arbeiten.
Ein paar Mnner, die etwas aus einem Computerbildschirm betrachten.
Eine Gruppe Feuerwehrleute sind auf der Strae versammelt.
Eine Frau mit Gepck geht vor einer groen Werbung die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem geblmten Sessel und hlt einen Hund und ein Bier.
Eine Frau im Schlafanzug und ein lchelnder Mann in einem Flur.
Ein paar Frauen stecken Kerzen auf einen Kuchen aus Marchmallow Peeps.
Zwei Kinder mit einem Erwachsenen im Hintergrund blicken durch ein Fenster.
Eine Frau in einem Restaurant, die ein Gericht verspeist.
Ein Polizist springt mit dem Fahrer des hellgelben Autos, whrend drei anderen Polizisten in der Nhe stehen.
Ein Junge bei einer Zahnuntersuchung.
College-Studenten, die sich in einem Apartment um einen Tisch drngen und mit Papiertellern und -tassen essen.
Eine Person, die einer anderen Person etwas Rosafarbenes fttert.
Zwei weie Hunde laufen durch tiefen weien Schnee.
Ein schwarzhaariger Mann steht neben einem Podium aus Holz und Kunststoff.
Eine Gruppe begiet ihr Zusammensein mit Alkohol.
Ein Hund springt von einer Anlegestelle ins Wasser.
Ein Mann springt unter den Augen eines Zuschauers ber ein Gewsser in einem Feld mit ausgetrockneten Gras, im Hintergrund sind tote Bume zu sehen.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut fhrt Auto.
Eine Frau mit einem Sweatshirt mit weier Kapuze prft den Blutdruck eines Mannes mit einem gelben Hemd.
Eine Gruppe von sechs Freunden entspannt sich im Essbereich.
Ein Junge mit einem T-Shirt und Jeans geht auf einer Wiese.
Ein Junge mit blau gestreiftem Hemd kmpft bei mit einem Schaf, im Hintergrund ist ein Rodeo-Clown zu sehen.
Arbeiter mit Jacken und weien Schutzhelmen betreten einen Arbeitsort.
Ein weier flauschiger Hund ksst Schafe durch einen Zaun.
Der Professor, der die Namen von Studenten vorliest, die die Prfung bestanden haben.
Ein junger Tnzer nimmt auf offenem Feld eine Tanzhaltung ein.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid tanzt am Strand.
Ein Surfer auf einer Welle im Meer.
Ein Diagramm einer Hand wird auf einer Wand angezeigt, hinter der eine Frau lernt.
Eine Frau blickt aus dem Fenster in den Himmel.
Eine Gruppe sitzt um einen Tisch und hebt die Glser.
Zwei Personen in einem Kanu auf einem Fluss bei Nebel.
Eine ltere Frau mit Latexhandschuhen und ein Mann, der eine Plastiktte hlt, auf einem Fischmarkt in einem fremden Land.
Ein Langlufer mit Rucksack fhrt ber einen schneebedeckten Hgel.
Das rosa gekleidete Mdchen mit den ungewhnlichen Haaren und dem ungewhnlichen Makeup fllt auf der berfllten Rolltreppe auf.
Zwei Mdchen mit Mtzen rennen drauen durch Schneewehen.
Vier Personen sitzen um eine Kchentheke, whrend eine aus einem Glas trinkt.
Frauen stehen in einem Kasino vor einer ATM-Maschine.
Eine Frau mit weiem Oberteil sitzt vor einer Spielmaschine.
Fuballspieler schtteln einander auf dem Fuballfeld die Hnde.
Ein Schiedsrichter spricht mit ein paar Fuballspielern mit roten Trikots.
Viele Mnner spielen Fuball, whrend eine Menschenmenge zusieht.
Ein Junge steht in einem bauflligen Klassenzimmer, im Hintergrund die Tafel und ein kaputter Tisch.
Mnner in Arbeitskleidung bedienen eine rotierende Trommel.
Eine rotbraun gekleidete Frau rennt an anderen Personen in Sportkleidung vorbei.
Zwei Mnner am Strand betrachten einander.
Zwei Fuballteams bereiten sich nach einem torlosen Spiel bei einem Match in London, Grobritannien, auf das Elfmeterschieen vor.
Zwei Fuballspieler gehen auf dem Fuballfeld.
Ein Mdchen mit rosafarbenem Mantel und roter Mtze geht einen Kiesweg entlang.
Leute versammeln sich neben einem Zaun stehend, um auf das Wasser unten zu blicken.
Ein schwarzer Hund versucht, mit im Schnee versinkenden Beinen zu rennen.
Eine Person in schwarzer Jacke fhrt am Abend Snowboard.
Ein alter Mann, der seine Waren im Hinterteil eines Dreirads befrdert.
Zwei Frauen in traditioneller afrikanischer Kleidung gehen vor einem heruntergewirtschafteten Gebude vorbei.
Drei Hunde rennen ber Schnee mit einer Reifenspur.
Die Kinder reiten abwechselnd auf dem Mini-Pony, whrend eine erwachsene Person aufpasst.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit weiem Oberteil streckt seine Hand in das Wasser eines Brunnens.
Eine blonde mnnliche Person blickt direkt in die Kamera, whrend ein Arbeitskollege Essen zubereitet.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Boot am Strand mit einem See im Hintergrund.
Maurer bauen eine Wand.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut und schwarzem Mantel steht neben einer Frau mit einem blauen Schal.
2 kleine Mdchen machen Schneemnner aus Papptellern.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen unter einer gelben Steppdecke mit Gnseblmchen auf einer gelben Couch und lachen.
Drei Kinder spielen in einem Springbrunnen.
Eine wei gekleidete Frau benutzt ein Seil, um einen schwarzen geschnitzten Holzbren auf einem Karren zu ziehen.
Eine schne Fotografie einer Kirche im Sonnenuntergang, ber die vor einem orangeroten Himmel Vgel fliegen
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen, die auf einem Ball springen.
Ein Skifahrer an einem klaren, kalten Tag, der die Abfahrt geniet.
Ein Motorrad steht auf einer Erhebung mit Bergen im Hintergrund.
Ein kleiner Junge, der eine blaue Toilette benutzt.
Zwei Kinder, eines rot, eines schwarz gekleidet, gleiten lachend einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinab.
Zwei Arbeiter in gelben Westen versuchen, etwas zu befestigen.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit dicken weien Handschuhen, der am Handy spricht und an etwas arbeitet.
Zwei Mnner fahren mit Rollern durch einen Raum.
Zwei Personen, ein Mann und eine Frau, die in einem Bus sitzen.
Kinder springen und spielen in einer Hpfburg.
Eine Person auf der Strae, die eine Frisbeescheibe hlt, mit einem weien Hund, der danach springt.
Leute, die dabei sind, eine neue Technologie auszuprobieren.
Ein Mann sitzt bei einem Feuer in der Hocke und hlt etwas hinein.
Eine Frau steht mit einem blauen Korb mit Essen in den Hnden hinter einem Grill im Freien.
Zwei weie Hunde rennen auf der Wiese.
Ein blauer Rennwagen fhrt vor Zuschauern auf einer unbefestigten Strae.
Ein Mann, der mit dem Fahrrad die Strae entlang fhrt, zieht ein groes Bndel in einem Karren hinter sich her.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sprechen miteinander.
Ein Mitarbeiter eines Lebensmittelgeschfts kassiert Lebensmittel ab, die von einer Frau mit einer verletzten Hand gekauft werden.
Ein Mann mit rotem Kapuzenpulli, der im Gras liegt.
Eine Person mit Schneejacke schaufelt Schnee.
Verschiedene Personen in Schwimmzeug und kurzen Hosen klettern beim Wasser auf hohe Felsen.
Ein kleiner Junge, der einen Feuerwehrhelm trgt und mit einer Sge einen Blumenstiel abschneidet.
Dorfbewohner, die sich auf einen Fischzug auf diesem wunderschnen Fischerboot vorbereiten.
Vier Mnner mit nacktem Oberkrper, die auf einem Gerst hart arbeiten.
Ein Kind, das einen Feuerwehrhelm trgt, sitzt auf dem Boden neben einem Mann, der eine Handsge hlt.
Ein Mann mit Brille und Hut ist zu sehen, der in einem Innenraum eine schwarze Anzugsjacke trgt.
Eine Dame geht am Strand an einem Mann vorbei, der sie beobachtet.
Zwei Mnner mit Schutzhelmen in einem Bauwerk blicken auf einen gelben Schlepper.
Ein lchelnder Arbeiter mit Cowbow-Hut, der Maurerarbeiten verrichtet.
Eine Frau mit gelbem Bikini-Oberteil und Sonnenbrille in einer Menschenmenge auf einer Promenade.
Eine rot gekleidete Frau, die vor einem Mann der Air Force steht, der im Hintergrund steht.
Ein Mann steht vor einem eingestrzten Gebude.
Leute in Kostmen gehen auf einer Promenade.
Ein Junge lehnt sich auf einen Stuhl, whrend ihn ein anderer Junge mit einem Seil herumzieht.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit blauem Kleid, das einen roten Spielzeugtraktor fhrt.
Der braune Hund rennt durch den Schnee.
Dorfbewohner gehen nach einem Erntetag nach Hause.
Ein Kind blickt durch eine Jalousie auf einen Lkw, der drauen steht.
Ein Junge macht einen Paketsprung in ein Schwimmbecken, whrend ein Mdchen zusieht.
Ein gelbbraunes Tier erhlt einen Schlag ins Gesicht von einem braun-weien Bullen.
Ein kleines Kind blickt durch ein Mnzfernglas bei einem Gewsser.
Dies ist ein Kind in einer verschneiten Landschaft, das mit dem Schlitten einen Hgel hinunterfhrt.
Zwei Hund necken sich mit einem roten Spielzeug an einem blauen Seil.
Ein rotbackiger Mann mit weiem Bart steht lchelnd bei einem farbenprchtigen Arrangement von Krben und Dekorationen.
Drei Kinder spielen in einem Springbrunnenpark.
Ein Junge mit rotem Hemd giet einem Mdchen Wasser aus einem gelben Eimer auf den Kopf.
Zwei Frauen in schwarzen Jacken, die eine Zeitschrift lesen und lcheln.
Eine Freundesgruppe, die sich darauf vorbereitet, Skifahren zu gehen.
Leute fahren an einem schneebedeckten Berg Ski.
Ein Junge, der auf einer grn-blau-gelben Rhre ber den Schnee fhrt.
Fnf Personen neben einem Gebude, die Instrumente halten und zusammen ben.
Dies ist das Bild eines Mannes, der bei einer Hausparty vor seinen Freunden erotisch tanzt.
Ein brauner Hund und zwei weie Hunde springen nach einem Ball.
Drei Personen fahren im Skigebiet von Adirondack Express mit dem Lift einen Berg hoch.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit blauen Scheiben tanzt auf dem Gras.
Ein junger Mann mit Kapuze steht in einem sumpfigen Gelnde und hlt eine Kamera.
Zwei Heranwachsende schlagen sich durch den Wald.
Ein Extrembiker mit rot-weier Jacke fliegt auf einem roten Motorrad durch die Luft.
Ein lterer Mann mit Glatze, der mit einem Hund spielt.
Ein blonder Junge isst eine Banane, und eine ltere Frau im Hintergrund sieht zu.
Zwei Mdchen gehen in der Nhe von schneebedeckten Bergen schwimmen.
Zwei Damen mit Schutzmasken, die in einer Fabrik arbeiten.
Eine Person, die auf dem Meer tanzt.
Zwei blonde Frauen posieren mit einem groen grnen Spielzeug vor der Kamera.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lachen zusammen.
Ein Sugling im Schlafanzug schlft in seinem Kinderbett.
Ein Kind im Kampfsportanzug springt mit gespreizten Armen und Beinen in die Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge in Badehosen bereitet sich vorsichtig darauf vor, in den steinigen Bach zu steigen.
Leute sammeln sich in einer Sporthalle zu einer Versammlung.
Ein brauner Hund rennt einen Hgel hinab, ein Mann folgt neben ihm.
Eine Gruppe von Personen, die mit Bierglsern an einem Tisch sitzen und lcheln.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund, der eine groe braun-weie Kuh anknurrt.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Halskette schwimmt.
Die Greyhound-Hund rennen auf einem unbefestigten Pfad in der Nhe von Gebuden.
Drei Mnner stehen vor einem Restaurant und rauchen und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann wendet Grill-Hhnchenschlegel, whrend ein anderer Koch zusieht.
Ein Taucher schwimmt in tiefblauem Wasser.
Ein Mann rudert auf seinem Boot durch sehr stilles Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge mit rotem Hemd hlt ein Superman-Produkt und starrt einen lteren Mann an.
Drei Personen, die durch eine Schlucht zwischen zwei Felsabhngen gehen.
Die ltere Frau spricht zu dem Kind.
Eine Gruppe, die an einem groen Tisch in einem Restaurant miteinander isst.
Ein brauner Hund, bereit zum Sprung.
Ein Arbeiter, der zwei Gelnderstcke zusammenschweit.
Zwei Mnner, die vor einer kleinen Gruppe ein medizinisches Seminar abhalten.
Ein Hund schwimmt im Aqua-Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen im Bett liest ein Buch.
Zwei blonde Mdchen essen und eines benutzt Zahnstocher.
Schulkinder jagen Tauben.
Ein Kind sitzt neben einem rosafarbenen Behlter voller Bcher in einem groen weien Sessel und liest.
Das Mdchen, das Spaghetti isst, trgt eine roten Jacke.
Der braune Hund mit dem roten Halstuch sitzt mit hochgelegten Pfoten am Computer.
Eine Person hockt am Ende einer Anlegestelle am See.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann in schwarzer Uniform spricht zu einem Mann mit schwarzer Jacke und schwarzem Helm auf einem Motorrad.
Ein Mann, der versucht in ein Gummiboot in wunderschnem Wasser zu springen.
Ein paar Leute, hauptschlich Mdchen, die bei einer sehr edlen Veranstaltung um einen Tisch sitzen und fotografiert werden.
Ein Mdchen mit rosafarbenem Oberteil, Jeans und Flipflops, das im Sitzen mit einer Lollipop-Maschine spielt.
Drei gelb gekleidete Mnner stehen auf einer Baustelle auf der Strae, einer davon ist in einem Loch.
Eine Gruppe schwuler Mnner bei einer Veranstaltung.
Ein Mdchen fhrt auf der Strae Fahrrad und trgt dabei einen roten Helm.
Ein frisch vermhltes Paar ksst sich.
Zwei Mnner in gelber und orangefarbener Weste arbeiten bei einem Autobahnausfahrtschild.
Ein Hund, der in einem Raum auf ausgestopfte Tiere klettert, im Fernsehen im Hintergrund laufen die Nachrichten.
Ein weier Mann mit Brille in einem Umhang mit amerikanische Flagge steht in einer Menschengruppe.
Ein Mann im Sweatshirt, der ein Sandwich isst.
Ein Mann mit Brille seht im Anzug in einem Zelt und hlt ein Stck Papier.
Autobahnarbeiter kontrollieren Straenarbeiten.
Eine junge Frau mit weiem Dior-T-Shirt hebt in einer Kche eine Besteckschublade.
Eine Frau balanciert mehrere Gegenstnde auf dem Kopf, die sich in Tten befinden.
Eine Kindergruppe mit aufgesetzten Nase posiert fr ein Foto.
Ein grn gekleidetes Mdchen spielt im Freien.
Eine Kindergruppe sitzt zusammen und bastelt an etwas.
Ein Mann mit gelbem Hemd und Jeans, der auf der Strae liegt.
Eine Menschenmenge, die an einem schnen Tag im Freien einer Band zuhrt.
Mehrere Personen, die darauf warten, Ihre Instrumente zu spielen
Ein Mdchen mit einem violetten Trikot das auf einem Schwebebalken bt.
Ein Baby schreit in den Armen seiner Mutter.
Ein Blick auf einen Jungen im Scho einer lteren Person, gesehen von unter dem Tisch.
Eine Frau stillt zwei Babys.
Ein wei-brauner Hund fngt einen roten Ball in seinem Maul.
Ein Mann steht herum und beobachtet Menschen auf der Strae.
Mehrere Mdchen rennen auf einem Feld.
Ein kleiner Junge mit orangefarbener Mtze, der rennt.
Ein Hund rennt auf nassem Sand, whrend ein Mann in gelben Hosen weiter hinten geht.
Der Junge im roten Hemd befindet sich neben einer blauen Mauer.
Ein Person in einem Sarong geht auf mehrere blaue Schirme im Freien zu und trgt eine gelbbraune Tasche.
Ein Hund rennt neben einer Htte durch den Wald.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit weien Pfoten springt auf Heuballen.
Ein Mann scheint in einem Hhner-Lagerhaus zu schlafen.
Ein Junge rennt bei einem Rennen an einer Gruppe von Personen mit Luftballons vorbei.
Blick auf einen Personenzug durch laublose ste.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen mit einem rosafarbenen Teddybr gehen auf dem Brgersteig entlang.
Leute, die mit Skiern einen Abhang hinunterfahren.
Ein Junge mit Kapuze, der lchelt und sich hinter einem Baum versteckt.
Eine Person rennt einer Frisbee-Scheibe nach, eine andere reitet Huckepack.
Fuballspieler, die sich vor dem Spiel auf dem Spielfeld aufwrmen.
Zwei Kinder, die in einem Fluss nahe einer Holzbrcke spielen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die sich an den Hnden halten, springen zusammen ins Wasser.
Der Mann spielt mit dem verwahrlosten kleinen Hund.
Ein Mann sieht zu, wie ein anderer Mann versucht, mit seinem Dirtbike einen kleinen Felsblock hinaufzuklettern.
Ein lteres Paar steht beim einem Fairway-Einkaufswagen.
Eine Person, die teilweise mit einer rosafarbenen Decke bedeckt ist, schlft, und eine grau-weie Katze schlft in der Nhe auf dem Boden.
Hunde, die auf der Rennbahn rennen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blauem Hemd und grauen Shorts, der im Park rennt.
Zwei Schwestern auf einer Landstrae, die Schafen nachrennen.
Zwei Damen auf einem Brgersteig in der Stadt, eine davon berprft ihre Kamera.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen spielt im Schnee, der vom Himmel fllt.
Ein junger Mann mit rosa-wei-gestreiftem Hemd sitzt neben einem jungen Mann mit einem braunen Hemd.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einer Couch.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Haaren und einem grnen Hemd kratzt sich am Kopf.
Ein Mann spielt Keyboard und singt in ein Mikrofon, whrend ein Junge zusieht.
Eine Person, die auf einer Schaukel schaukelt
Ein Mann mit langen Haaren, der Fahrrad fhrt, macht ein Peace-Zeichen.
Ein junger Mann mit Dreadlocks spring in der Nhe einer Wand hoch in die Luft.
Ein Junge am Strand trge einen Taucheranzug.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern mit Gewehren an der Seite steht in Reihen.
Eine Frau und ein Mann, die etwas Lustiges auf einem Laptop betrachten.
Eine Gruppe meist nackter Kinder, die auf einer Brcke ber etwas Wasser spielen.
Ein Mann, der auf einem Boot sitzt und von Polizisten beobachtet wird.
Ein Mann trinkt etwas im Sitzen, whrend sich andere Personen im Hintergrund befinden.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, die einen Fluss berqueren
Eine Frau wadet vor einem Wasserfall durch einen Teich.
Drei Jungen spielen im Gras Football.
Eine alte Dame mit Gehstock berquert im Regen die Strae.
Zwei Personen blicken von einer Parkbank aus auf die schne Landschaft.
Eine Gruppe springt mit erhobenen Armen in die Luft.
Ein Mdchen mit Struwwelfrisur in einem Club.
Ein sitzendes rothaariges Kind blickt durch ein Gelnder auf das Wasser, whrend in einiger Entfernung einige am Strand spielen.
Zwei Personen arbeiten zusammen in einem Restaurant und servieren Essen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spielen zusammen im Sand.
Eine Tennisspielerin auf einem blauen Platz bereitet sich darauf vor, den Ball zu schlagen.
Eine rosa gekleidete Tennisspielerin serviert ihrer Gegnerin den Ball.
Eine Frau mit einem braunen Hund, die Langlauf macht.
Zwei Kinder werden beim Fuballspielen fotografiert.
Kabinen im Winter, umgeben von Personen, die sich am weien Pulver freuen.
Das Mdchen im braunen Oberteil hlt sich an einem blauen Pfosten fest.
Zwei Mdchen auf einem Tandem, die ein Wandobjekt ansehen.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Sonnenschild spielt Tennis.
Ein Mann bei einem Hofverkauf untersucht ein Fahrrad.
Ein Mann im Anzug und ein Beamter lcheln fr die Kamera.
Ein junger Mann mit grnem Hemd spielt auf einer blauen Gitarre.
Zwei Hunde spielen drauen im schneebedeckten Gras.
Zwei ltere Mnner vor einem Bus.
Ein Mann mit rotem Hemd und Sonnenbrille lehnt sich an die Wand.
Ein Junge zielt mit Pfeil und Bogen auf ein Ziel.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut geht neben einem Gebude eines Strae entlang.
Das Baby hlt jemandes Arm.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen mit Bierglsern und Zigaretten an einem Tisch.
Zwei Mnner, einer der einen Dudelsack spielt, und einer, der den Dudelsack einstellt.
Der groe braune Hund luft im Meer durch das Wasser.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Regenmantel geht vor einer Betonwand vorbei.
Das kleine Mdchen fhrt einen roten Roller.
Ein Tennisspieler, der versucht, den Ball zu erreichen.
Eine Tennisspielerin steht mit gespreizten Beinen auf einem Platz.
Eine Frau neben einem Fenster hlt ein Baby.
Ein Mann klettert mit Sicherungsseilen eine steile Felswand hoch.
Ein Mann fasst weit nach oben, um beim Felsenklettern weiter zu kommen.
Ein brauner Hund rennt einen Hindernispfad entlang.
Ein Mdchen rutscht einen Schneehaufen hinunter.
Ein Mann spring auf einem Snowboard von einem Rampe.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und Sonnenbrille blickt auf einer Strandparty in die Kamera.
Eine aus Frauen und Kindern bestehende Gruppe steht neben einem Fahrzeug und einem Fluss zusammen.
Ein brauner Hund mit grnem Halsband hlt einen Stock im Maul.
Ein Mdchen mit blauer Jacke steht vor einer graubraunen Menschenmenge, die etwas beobachtet.
Ein Hund rennt ber die Wiese.
Eine Person geht mit einem Kunstapparat vor der Ocean Blue Company vorbei.
Ein DJ, der mit einer Werbung unter hellen Lampen steht.
Eine Dame mit grn-weien Shorts und Oberteil ist auf dem Strand und klatscht in die Hnde.
Ein Hund spielt im Schnee mit einem Football.
Ein Kind in einer USA-Jacke schaufelt den Schnee von der Treppe vor einem Haus.
Ein Kind mit rot gestreiftem Schlafanzug lchelt.
Eine Frau hilft einem Jungen an einem Klettergerst.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit Bart und Brille singt zur Ukele.
Acht Personen sitzen an einem Tisch im Haus, um Erfrischungen zu sich zu nehmen.
Auf einer Bhne vor einer kleinen Zuhrerschaft singen drei Mdchen und eines spielt  Gitarre.
Eine blonde Frau mit roten Perlen und grauem Sweatshirt mit der Aufschrift GONTAGA.
Eine Person in orangefarbener Warnkleidung liegt auf einem offenen Einstiegsloch.
Fotografen machen in einem Gebude Aufnahmen.
Ein Mann mit Bart und blauem Hemd spielt Gitarre.
Ein Junge mit grn-weiem Fuballdress, der ber die Wiese rennt.
Ein Mann, der kein Hemd trgt, putzt sich die Zhne.
Eine Gruppe sitzt im Freien beim Grillen.
Eine blonde Frau und ein Mann warten, bis sie die Strae berqueren knnen.
Ein Kind spielt auf dem Boden mit Bchern.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper rasiert sich vor einer Tankstelle, whrend ihm jemand einen Spiegel hinhlt.
Eine Personengruppe bringt ihre chinesischen Laternen in Ordnung.
Die Surferin trgt einen schwarzen Ganzkrperanzug und hebt ihr Surfbrett auf.
Zwei Personen stehen bei einer roten Schubkarre.
Mehrere Personen stehen im Freien in der Nhe von Metallobjekten, darunter auch ein paar Stangen.
Eine Frau, die tagsber mit einem Teleskop auf einem Stativ den Himmel betrachtet.
Ein Junge in einer Badehose springt ber dem Wasser in die Luft, whrend ein lterer Mann zusieht.
Ein fein gekleideter Herr, der etwas auf seinem Schreibtisch anblickt.
Ein Mdchen, das Frhstcksgetreide aus einer groen weien Schssel isst.
Ein Mann grillt Hhnchen auf einem Rost.
Ein schwarzer Hund versucht ein Wurfobjekt zu fangen, das rot ist.
Eine ltere Frau fegt an einem sonnigen Tag drauen.
Ein Mdchen in einem gekruselten rosafarbenen Kleid, das auf Gras tanzt.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer blumigen rosafarbenen Jacke sucht vom Tisch eines Verkufers Obst aus.
Ein Mann mit einer Schrze steht vor Lebensmitteln und hlt einen blauen Behlter.
Ein Junge mit einem gelben Hemd spring auf die braune Couch.
Ein Kind mit Schwimmbrille, das vor einem Schwimmbecken in ein Handtuch eingewickelt ist, weint.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Handschuh und mehreren anderen.
Ein Mann mit einer Mtze und einem blauen Hemd tut so, als ob er ein Mdchen wrgt.
Ein blondes Mdchen mit Gruocho Marx-Brille.
Ein Erwachsener, der einem Kind beim Eislaufen hilft.
Kinder in einem Umkleideraum der Schule, die sich auf ein Spiel vorbereiten.
Eine Frau mit hellbraunen Haaren sitzt einem Mann mit kurzen mittelbraunen Haaren gegenber.
Ein kleines Kind springt hoch ber einem sandigen Feld.
Eine Person mit Taucheranzug surft auf einem weien Surfbrett.
Eine Person, die in einem Waldgebiet mit dem Fahrrad einen Hgel hinunterfhrt
Ein kleines Mdchen im Schlafanzug fotografiert mit einer Kamera.
Ein Mann, der lchelt und eine Schrze bindet.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Karren mit Holzfssern ber eine leere Strae.
Ein Mann auf einem Boot, der im Stehen auf einem Fluss paddelt.
Eine Frau schmettert einen Volleyball, whrend die Gegenspielerin versucht, den Ball zu blocken.
Ein lterer Mann, der Geige spielt, wird von einem Kind beobachtet.
Brautjungfern in goldfarbenen Kleidern und andere sehen zu, wie ein Mann im Anzug mit einem Hula-Hoop-Reifen spielt.
Das ist unsere Frhstckszeit und wir posieren fr das Foto.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen in einem Fast-Food-Restaurant am Tisch.
Eine ltere Frau mit weiem Oberteil hlt eine rote Tasche hinter einem Glas.
Ein weier Hund rennt ber den Fliesenboden.
Der Junge mit Helm macht ein Kunststck auf dem Skateboard.
Zwei Mnner befinden sich in einem kleinen Boot und spritzen Wasser auf etwas.
Zwei Mnner in kurzen Hosen und Flipflops gehen vor dem Bauernmarkt vorbei.
Ein Junge, der Winterkleidung trgt, in einem Iglu.
Ein Mdchen klettert auf einen Felsen, whrend sie von jemandem gefilmt wird.
Das blaue Team, die Mustangs, ist bei einem Fastbreak und hofft wahrscheinlich auf ein paar Punkte.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt ber ein Feld.
Ein Polizist auf einem weien Pferd patrouilliert die Straen der Stadt.
Zwei Frauen mit Schal warten darauf, die Strae zu berqueren.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau spricht zu einer Gruppe in einem gefliesten Raum.
Eine Frau und ein Mdchen sitzen zusammen am Tisch und spielen Monopoly.
Eine Dame mit langen Haaren und Mtze geht einen abfallenden, mit Steinen gepflasterten Brgersteig entlang.
Das Kind mit dem grnen Oberteil spricht am Strand mit ein paar Leuten.
Eine Gruppe geht am Strand auf das Wasser zu.
Kinder hren einem Mann mit blauem Hemd zu.
Eine Gruppe blickt auf ein grnes Feld.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht, die Haare eine Frau zu brsten.
Eine groe Gruppe von Einzelpersonen sitzt herum, whrend ein Mann mit einem hellen Polohemd vor einem groen Holzgebude spricht.
Musiker versammeln sich in einem Klassenzimmer, um Gitarre und andere Instrumente zu spielen.
Ein mit kurzen Hosen, T-Shirt, Flipflops und einer falsch herum aufgesetzten Mtze bekleideter Junge sitzt in einem Klappstuhl und angelt von einem hlzernen Landungssteg aus.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit rosafarbener Strickjacke springt vom Sofa.
Eine Versammlung von Menschen um zwei lange Tische, die mit Schsseln und Tellern in verschiedenen Farben gedeckt sind.
Eine weibliche Person arbeitet in einem Labor mit Forschungsausrstung.
Tnzer beenden ihre Vorstellung vor einer Fahne von Costa Rica.
Ein Mdchen mit hochstehenden Haaren.
Eine Gruppe nahstlicher Jugendlicher, die fr das Bild posieren.
Ein Mann mit Brille und Flanellhose schreibt im Unterricht.
Ein Mann mit einem Sitzgurt und Sonnenbrille lehnt seinen Kopf in einem Fahrzeug angewinkelt an.
Ein junger Mann mit weiem langrmeligen Hemd, der an einem wolkigen Tag vor Bergen steht.
Eine Frau einen Sugling in einem Hawaii-Hemd auf einem Skateboard fr die Kamera hlt.
Eine Frau, die zu Leuten spricht, die um sie herum sitzen.
Ein Mann mit Brille und schwarzem Hemd, der Schlagzeug spielt.
Ein Mann, der auf einer orangefarbenen Gitarre spielt.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd umarmt in der U-Bahn ein blondes Mdchen.
Der Saxophonspieler spielt an der Straenecke.
Eine Personengruppe befindet sich im Freien und geht auf einer Dorfstrae.
Eine Person blickt ehrfurchtsvoll ber das Meer.
Eine Frau mit roter Jacke und orangefarbener Brille joggt.
Sie wartet nach Abschluss des Bodenturnens auf ihre Punktzahlen.
Die zu Bandmitgliedern hochgestreckten Arme von Fans, whrend die Band in gedmpftem Licht auf Gitarren spielt und singt.
Vier Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen arbeiten nachts auf einer Strae.
Eine Frau und ein Kind auf einer Wippe im Park.
Bauarbeiter auf einer Baustelle.
Ein lterer Herr steht am Ufer eines riesigen Sees, an dessen anderem Ufer ein Stadtbild zu sehen ist.
Eine Frau mit einem Schirm, die einem Auto auf einer Plakatwand folgt.
Ein kleiner Junge mit gelbem Hemd klettert aus einem gelben Spielplatztunnel aus Kunststoff.
Ein Mann ldt Vons-Einkaufswagen auf einen Lkw.
Ein Kind geht mit ausgestreckten Armen auf einem verschneiten Hgel.
Ein groer Hund steht im Wasser.
Eine Dame mit schwarzem Mantel und grauem Schal trgt Einkaufstten.
Eine Mutter auf einem Brgersteig bckt sich nach ihrem Kind.
Zwei Chicagoer Polizisten betrachten einen Arbeitsort von oben und sprechen miteinander.
Ein Mann spielt in Joe's Cafe Gitarre.
Frauen kaufen auf einem Markt, auf dem Orangen angeboten werden, unter freiem Himmel ein.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt in einem Hochstuhl und schaut unglcklich drein.
Ein Mann geht am frhen Abend zu einem Fahrrad, das an einem Pfosten vor einem groen Fenster angekettet ist.
Eine Frau kehrt einen Bereich vor einem Geschft.
Ein Mann bedient eine Maschine und ein anderer Arbeiter in orangefarbener Weste sieht zu.
Ein Mann mit Bart und langen Haaren spielt Gitarre.
Ein Junge mit dunkler Kleidung und dunkler Mtze geht durch den Park.
Mehrere Personen sitzen unter einem braunen Sonnensegel in einer lndlichen Umgebung an Tischen im freien.
Eine Frau mit einem rosafarbenen Sturzhelm hat eine Ttowierung eines Native American auf der Schulter.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten an einem alten Gebude.
Vier Hunde spielen miteinander und mit Stcken.
Eine asiatische Frau posiert auf dem Pier in der Nhe eines Boots auf dem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hemd beobachtet drei Lkws, die von Wasserfluten weggesplt werden.
Ein Mann vor einem Gebude, der Motorrad fhrt.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund, der bei einem Feld in die Luft gesprungen ist.
Ein Mann steht im Laden der Touristeninformation.
Einige Personen in Wstenkleidung stehen auf und neben Teppichen und Stoffen.
Ein schwarzer Hund nachts im Hof.
Ein Mann mit einer dunkelblauen Mtze sitzt auf dem Boden und lehnt sich gegen ein Gebude.
Eine schwarze Katze, die mit einem wei-grauen Hund schmust.
Vor einer Menschenmenge spielt ein Mann spielt Gitarre, und ein anderer Mann spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein Kind mit einem roten Oberteil sitzt auf einem Felsen im Wasser.
Eine als Silhouette sichtbare Personengruppe spielt am Strand, whrend die Wellen hereinkommen.
Ein junges Mdchen spielt in ihrer rosafarbenen Spielzeugkche.
Ein gut angezogener dunkelhaariger dunkelhutiger junger Mann mit Ohrstpseln sitzt an einen Baum angelehnt.
Ein schwarzer Hund verfolgt einen rot und blau gekleideten Jungen.
Zwei groe Hunde waden im Meer.
Ein Mann auf einer Pier blickt auf zwei Hunde, die im flachen Wasser stehen.
Zwei Frauen mit weien Kopftchern vor einem vielbesuchten Geschft lesen eine SMS.
Zwei junge Mnner mit zueinander passender Kleidung, die lcheln.
Ein braun-weier Hund, der auf einem Stck Gras rennt.
Ein Mann berhrt ein groes Metallbauwerk.
Junge Mnner schwenken in einer Menschenmenge vor einem verglasten Gebude Fahnen.
Eine mnnliche Person, die mehrere Tehelka-Zeitungen ber einen Mord in der Hand hlt.
Ein afroamerikanischer Mann mit einer Einkaufstte, der in einer blauen Telefonkabine steht.
Ein Mann mit angemaltem weiem Gesicht, der auf einer Pfeife blst.
Ein Mann mit rotem Hemd steht bei einem Restaurant Schlange.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund, der in einem Feld rennt.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Jacke geht die Strae einer Stadt entlang und hlt die Hand eines kleinen Mdchens.
Eine Frau mit blauem Oberteil liest ihrem Sohn vor.
Eine behinderte Person mit einem Bein, die an einem Berghang Ski fhrt, mit anderen Bergen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit einem Rikscha-Fahrrad voller reifer Bananen.
Ein Mann steht auf der Strae im Regen und hlt einen Regenschirm.
Personen in einer Kche bereiten Essen zu.
Zwei Kinder fahren mit Schlittschuhen ber das Eis und halten Hockeystcke.
Zwei Surfer gehen eine Felswand entlang, um zu den Wellen zu gelangen.
Ein Mann in einer tropischen Umgebung hlt eine Kamera vor sein Gesicht.
Eine Personengruppe sitzt auf einem Sofa herum, eine Person hlt eine Katze.
Drei Mnner stehen drauen und einer hlt eine Schaufel voll Erde.
Drei Bauarbeiter, die an etwas arbeiten.
Zwei Personen hngen an Sicherungsseilen ber einen riesigen Felsen.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann lcheln fr die Kamera.
Ein Mann liegt auf einer Holzrampe, ein anderer hlt eine Angelrute.
Zwei Kinder spielen drauen miteinander.
Eine Gruppe von Personen, die Jacken tragen, ist auf dem Brgersteig versammelt.
Mehrere Mnner pflanzen einen Baum.
Eine aus Mnnern und Frauen bestehende Gruppe pflanzt einen Baum ohne Bltter.
Zwei Mnner bewegen Erde um einen jungen Baum herum.
Zwei junge Frauen stehen drauen vor einer blauen Tr, eine davon raucht eine Zigarette.
Hockeyspieler, die darauf warten, das Spiel zu beginnen.
Ein Feuerwehrmann auf einer Leiter, der einen Telefonmasten befestigt, mit Flammen im Hintergrund.
Alte Hnde arbeiten an etwas.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Punk-Rock-Kleidung berqueren bei Tag die Strae.
Eine Frau, die eine Gasmaske trgt, benutzt eine Nhmaschine.
Ein braun-weier Hund geht verschneite Stufen hoch.
Pendler, die zur Arbeit fahren, in einem Zug
Eine Frau in einem violettem Kleid wartet in einer Eingangshalle und spielt mit ihren Haaren.
Ein Baby im Wasser, das von den Armen eines Erwachsenen hochgehalten wird.
Eine Menschenmenge, die neben einem Meeresfrchtestand steht.
Ein Kind trgt Jeans und einen weien Pullover.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einer rosafarbenen Kopfbedeckung in einem ppig grnen Feld, das einen Ochsen fhrt.
Ein Mann der etwas unter einem Vergrerungsglas betrachtet.
Ein Kind im Schnee hlt ein teilweise geformtes Stck Schnee fr die Kamera.
Ein Mdchen in einem geblmten Kleid, umgeben von Wassermelonen
Eine Gruppe Kinder und Erwachsene fahren auf einer unbefestigten Strae im Wald Fahrrad.
Eine ganz in Blau gekleidete Frau beim Tennisspiel schlgt einen Ball sehr hart.
Ein mnnliches Kleinkind mit einem Flugzeug-Oberteil in einem Sportwagen mit groen Perlen.
Ein Mann, der an einer Dampflok arbeitet, mit einem Wasserturm im Hintergrund.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einer Brcke und beobachtet den Sonnenuntergang.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann steht ber einem weien Hund.
Ein Junge mit blauem Hemd lsst eine Bowling-Kugel die Bahn entlang kullern.
Ein Junge im Schlafanzug schlft auf einem Sofa.
Zwei glatzkpfige Mnner auf einer Parkbank, die kleine gelbe Kegel tragen.
Ein Mann fhrt sein Pferd auf der Rennbahn.
Ein hellbrauner Hund springt ber eine Hrde, an deren einem Ende Feuer ist.
Ein Hund spring durch einen schwarzen Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Ein brtiger kaukasischer Mann steht in einem schwarzen Anzug mit violetter Krawatte da.
Ein kahler Mann kocht auf einem Herd und wird einen aufgespieten Fisch in die Pfanne.
Ein groer brauner Hund, der neben einer Frau auf den Hinterbeinen steht.
Ein Mann, der in einem Bus mitfhrt, fhrt an einem Mann auf dem Brgersteig vorbei.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbener Weste und Mtze steht vor einer Damentoilette.
Zwei Jungen in Laufkleidung, die sich dehnen.
Ein Mann in einer Koch-Uniform, der in einer Restaurantkche kocht.
Drei Mnner die trinken und miteinander reden.
Ein jdischer Junge sitzt auf einer Party in einem Sessel.
Eine Person hockt unter einem gelben Schirm am Strand.
Mdchen rennen in einem Park.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen, die drauen herumstehen und reden.
Ein lterer Mann mit brauner Jacke und Mtze steht im Freien und fasst in seine Tasche.
Zwei junge Frauen lesen etwas von einem Papier ab und sprechen in ein Mikrofon.
Viele Personen, die auf einer tagsber stattfindenden Veranstaltung reden und essen.
Eine Frau mit roter Schrze, die in der Kche kocht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau untersttzen die Kampagne von Mike Huckabee und halten ein Schild hoch.
Ein Mann, der frh seine Haare verloren hat, setzt eine geschnitzte Holzmaske auf.
Ein Baby spielt auf dem Boden mit einer langen Perlenkette.
Eine Mutter und ihr Sohn sitzen zusammen auf einem Bett.
Ein Mann trgt ein Plakat, das ein Men im Restaurant wiedergibt, whrend eine Frau mit einem rosafarbenen bedruckten Sweatshirt eine bertriebene Schnute zieht.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Oberteil und roter Schrze bereitet Essen zu.
Zwei Frauen in Kleidern stehen drauen auf dem Gras, und eine von ihnen hlt eine Tasse und Untertasse.
Zwei Personen, die sich fein gemacht haben, unterhalten sich vor einem Tisch.
Eine ltere Frau und eine jngere Frau gren einander.
Mnner und Frauen im Freien, die sich an den Hnden halten, um Kreise zu bilden.
Ein brauner Hund sitzt in der Nhe eines groen Felsens.
Zwei Personen befinden sich unter einem Schirm und genieen das Meer.
Ein wei gekleideter Mann mit Scheitelkppchen vor einem Mikrofon und mehrere andere Mnner im Hintergrund.
Mehrere Personen whlen Speisen und Desserts von einem im Freien aufgebauten Buffet aus.
Zwei Frauen, eine mit einer Sonnenbrille mit weiem Rahmen und einem grnen Kleid, die andere in einem lngeren marineblauen Kleid, unterhalten sich miteinander.
Eine weibliche Person steht herum, whrend zwei mnnliche Personen zu ihr sprechen.
Ein Mann, der kurz davor ist, einen Tennisball zu treffen, in 3 Sekunden wird es so weit sein.
Ein Mann mit Brille, der sich mit hochgelegten Beinen entspannt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau bei Ruinen lesen einen Reisefhrer.
Ein ber und ber mit Schokoladenpudding verschmiertes Baby mit zwei Fingern in der Nase
Ein Mann mit schwarz-weiem Overall joggt einer Strae entlang.
Zwei Mnner, die vor einem prachtvollen Kamin an Laptops arbeiten.
Ein Mann im Jogginganzug steht gegen eine Pfosten gelehnt, whrend andere Personen sitzen und etwas ber ihre Kopfhrer hren.
Viele Hunde rennen auf der Rennstrecke.
Ein kleines nacktes schwarzes Kind steht am Strand, die Fe berhren gerade so das Wasser.
Eine Frau spricht im Freien am Handy.
Eine Frau an einem ffentlichen Ort mit einem gelben Pullunder, die eine Flasche Wasser hlt und ber die Schulter blickt
Ein schner Sonnenuntergang mit drei Menschen in einem Boot auf dem See.
Der Mann klettert einen steilen verschneiten Berg hoch.
Mehrere Bandmitglieder spielen auf den Straen eines anderen Landes.
Die Hunde spielen im Hof mit einem Tennisball.
Mde vom Lesen, ist ein junger Mann mit gestreiftem Hemd in der Bibliothek eingeschlafen.
Ein kleiner Hund an einer Kettenleine steht alleine in einem schattigen Flur.
Vier Personen in einer Art Zementgebude, wo die Nummer 93 auf die Wand gemalt ist.
Ein kleiner Junge mit roter Mtze und blauer Jacke steht hinter einer Glastr, whrend eine Frau auf dem Brgersteig gerade nicht mehr in seiner Sichtweite steht.
Motorradfahrer fahren an einem prachtvollen Gebude mit einer Uhr vorbei.
Ein Mann mit Brille und rotem Rucksack steht vor einer Ziegelwand.
Die Person fhrt ein rotes Motorrad, mit der entsprechenden Ausrstung.
Zwei Mnner treffen sich in der Lobby eines Gebudes.
Zwei Personen gehen durch eine Wste.
Ein Mann bespritzt einen Betonmischer am Straenrand mit einem Schlauch, whrend ein Mann vorbei geht.
Ein Mann schaufelt vor einem Haus Schnee.
Ein lterer Mann mit Wintermantel und Jeans steht vor einem groen Blumenkarren.
Der junge Basketballspieler bewegt sich zum vorderen Teil des Platzes.
Eine sprlich bekleidete Dame in Schwarz bedient Kunden in einem Restaurant.
Die rosa gekleidete Dame hlt Blumen und geht an jemanden vorbei.
Ein paar Mnner sitzen auf Sthlen und stehen unter einem groen roten Schirm.
Eine Frau verkauft auf der Strae Gemse.
Ein Mann mit Parka geht auf einem leeren Brgersteig.
Ein Mdchen-Fuballteam drngt sich zusammen.
Zwei Mnner sgen ein Holzbrett und versuchen, ihr Projekt abzuschlieen, whrend einer dieser Mnner eine Zigarette raucht.
Ein Mann trgt ein Tablett mit Glsern.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit weiem Hemd und gestreiften kurzen Hosen rennt auf einem Laufband.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in schlechtem Zustand, die Steine schleifen.
Zwei Mnner in einer Garage reparieren den Motor eines Autos.
Ein Surfer in der Nhe einer Brcke im Nebel
Ein Mdchen in einem roten Schlitten fhrt einen Schneehgel hinunter.
Eine rtliche Knstlerin ist auf einer Mauer an der Seite der Strae kreativ.
Eine Frau, die das Gesicht der anderen fr einen Karneval anmalt.
Eine Frau zieht ein Schlauchboot ins Wasser.
Eine Frau mit einer Wasserflasche rennt am Strand entlang.
Viele Personen indischer Abstammung mit heller, bunter Kleidung, die steile Treppen hinaufgehen.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund trgt einen blauen Ball, whrend zwei Corgis neben ihm rennen.
Ein kleiner Junge beobachtet eine Palastwache, die vor einer kleinen schwarzen Htte steht.
Zwei Hund spielen im weien Schnee.
Zwei Mnner mittleren Alters spielen auf einer Bhne Gitarre.
Eine ltere Frau, die auf einem Brgersteig an mit Graffitis bedeckten Gebuden vorbeigeht.
Wei und rot gekleidete Kinder spielen Fuball.
Ein Mann mit einer Schrze steht in einer Kche und bedient eine professionelle Kchenmaschine.
Mehrere Personen stehen vor einem Ziegelgebude.
Ein europisches Stadtbild voller Passanten.
Ein Junge mit rotem Rucksack, der auf einem Wanderweg geht.
Eine Frau mit einer Pandamtze und Kopfhrern vor einem Mann, drauen im Schnee.
Ein Mann der vor einem interessanten Wandobjekt hochspringt.
Ein Kleinkind schaufelt mit einer leuchtend orangefarbenen Schaufel auf einer verschneiten Zufahrt.
Ein junger Mann mit glcklichem Gesichtsausdruck wirft bunte Papierstcke in die Luft.
Ein Mann mit kariertem Hemd wirft ein kleines Beil an eine Wand seiner Werkstatt.
Mann, Sohn und Verkufer halten Souvenirzeitschriften und lcheln.
Eine schne Ansicht der Berge an einem verschneiten Tag.
Ein Deutscher Schferhund spielt mit einem roten Ball.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen in Schneeanzgen heben die Arme hoch und springen in viel Schnee.
Ein Mann mit beigem Hemd trinkt etwas.
Eine junge Person in weiem Kleid steht vor einem Zaun und einem Brunnen.
Ein Mann hlt einen Teller mit einem Tintenfischgericht.
Ein Metzger, der Fisch zum Verkauf auf dem Markt schneidet
Ein Hund, der mit einer Gummiente im Maul vor sich hin trottet
Eine Gruppe junger Erwachsener sitzt auf dem Boden zusammen, um eine kompliziertes Brettspiel zu spielen.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen in einem berfluteten Feld um einen Stock.
Mutter und Sohn genieen einen Tag im Park.
Leute gehen auf der Strae entlang.
Eine Vogelperspektive auf eine Gaststtte, die einen berblick ber die Menschen auf den Sitzgruppen bietet.
Ein Junge fttert die Vgel im Park.
Zwei Mnner und zwei Frauen, die am Fenster eines Fahrkartenschalters stehen.
Ein schner Tag, um am Meer zu liegen und auf die Wellen zu warten.
Vier Fahrradfahrer fahren auf einer unbefestigten Straen zwischen zwei Drahtzunen.
Ein Mdchen bt, den Pfanneninhalt aus dem Handgelenk zu wenden.
Ein Mann sitzt drauen neben Kartons und spielt ein Instrument.
Arbeiter mit Schutzhelmen und Gesichtsmasken verarbeiten Abflle.
Ein rot gekleidetes Kind springt auf ein rotes Objekt, whrend andere lachen.
Eine Frau in einer U-Bahn-Station liest ein Buch.
Eine Frau mit rotem Sport-BH rennt auf dem Brgersteig an einer Ziegelmauer entlang.
Ein Mdchen mit gefrbten roten Haaren und gestreifter Kleidung, das am Handy spricht.
Eine Person steht zwischen zwei riesigen Statuen, die wie Gesichter aussehen.
Ein Priester malt einem Mann ein Kreuz auf die Stirn.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Karneval mit sechs Kamelen und ihren Reitern einen Sandhgel hinauf, im Hintergrund sind Gebirge zu sehen.
Eine ltere Person in geduckter Haltung, die einen Stock hlt.
Maler in roten Overalls bermalen eine groe blaue Tr mit Grau.
Ein Mann in einem Friseurladen, der einen anderen Mann rasiert.
Eine Menge junger Leute in Winterkleidung, die auf den Zug warten.
Der Hund luft durch das kalte Wasser.
Ein weier Hund auf einem grtnerisch gestalteten mit Gras bewachsenem Hof springt hoch, um einen Fuball zu fangen.
Ein Mann mit einem dunklen Oberteil und weien Hosen liegt im Schatten auf eine Parkbank.
Erwachsene mit Winterjacken und Mtzen schwingen Besen zu einem kleinen gelben Ball, ein schwarzer Hund sieht zu.
Der Mann und die Frau sitzen an einem Tisch.
Kinder spielen in einem Hof Basketball.
Mehrere Frauen, die vor einer Spiegelwand in Sesseln sitzen.
Eine Karawane grner und roter Fahrzeuge, die einen Berg hinauf fahren.
Ein Mann in Winterkleidung ist mit einem Hund am Strand.
Ein Kleinkind posiert vor einem Computer in Geschftsrumen.
Ein Bildhauer mit blauem Pullover meielt an einem Stck Stein.
Eine Frau versucht, die Strae vor einem Mann auf einem roten Motorroller zu berqueren.
Eine ltere Frau blickt auf einen Teenager.
Viele leger gekleidete Personen versammeln sich, um zu tanzen.
Ein lterer Mann mit Brille, der ein Spielzeug-Feuerwehrauto repariert, whrend ein kleines Mdchen damit spielt.
Eine Frau mit einem Handy geht die Stufen der U-Bahn hoch, dicht gefolgt von einem anderen Passagier.
Ein Mann, der Orangen auf einem Karren in einem Supermarkt im Freien kauft oder verkauft.
Ein rot gekleideter Junge springt auf einem Spielplatz rckwrts auf den Sand.
Ein Junge springt auf hellen, bunten Kissen.
Ein brauner Hund und ein getupfter Hund zanken sich um ein Hundespielzeug.
Ein Mann, der einen Pullover trgt, lernt zu stricken.
Schildtrgerinnen nehmen bei einem strmischen Regen Zuflucht unter Regenschirmen.
Frauen sitzen an Tischen.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen, die beieinander sitzen und stricken.
Mehrere Frauen unterhalten sich an einem Tisch.
Ein weier Hund in schwarzer Jacke steht im Schnee.
Eine Gruppe besucht einen schwach beleuchteten Raum.
Drei weibliche Personen hngen, und die anderen drei weiblichen Personen gehen weg.
Ein einzelner Mann, der eine Tasse mit einer grnen Flssigkeit trinkt
Eine Gruppe auf einer Party mit zwei Kuchen auf dem Tisch.
Viele alte Frauen basteln etwas.
Eine Menschenmenge ist auf der Strae, einige haben Fackeln.
Ein paar Leute sind gerade damit fertig, einen Pfad frei zu schaufeln.
Mnner arbeiten neben einem Fisch and Chips Restaurant mit einem Kipper.
Ein Mann beobachtet die Reaktion seiner jungen Tochter auf einen selbstgebackenen Geburtstagskuchen.
Leute, die in eine Kleinstadt und aus der Kleinstadt heraus rennen und gehen.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann geht auf einem vereisten Brgersteig.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit braunem Oberteil und rosafarbenen Hosen balanciert eine Schssel mit Pflanzen auf seinem Kopf.
Mehrere Personen stehen auf der Strae.
Ein alter Mann mit grner Jacke liest auf einem Feldwanderweg ein Buch.
Ein Junge, der einen Basketball hlt, den er gleich werfen wird.
Sechs kleine Kinder in Jacken sind um einen Essenswagen versammelt, der Kastanien fr 2 Euro verkauft.
Ein Bauarbeiter, der jemanden beaufsichtigt, der mit einer Maschine etwas grbt.
Ein paar Leute sitzen in einem Stadion.
Die Bilder werden nicht angezeigt, also gehe ich davon aus, dass das ein sehr hbsches Bild ist.
Zwei Jungen, die pfel essen und auf einer Betonabsperrung spielen.
Ein Junge mit bemaltem Gesicht geht auf einem Weg herum.
Eine Band auf der Bhne unter der Leitung eines Mannes im Anzug spielt Musik.
Eine lesende Frau ist durch ein U-Bahn-Fenster zu sehen.
Ein Mdchen mit rosafarbenem Kleid spielt mit einem Jungen und einem Ball.
Mehrere blau gekleidete Personen, eine davon zwirbelt ein Band
Zwei Hunde spielen im Schnee in der Nhe eines Baums mit einem Tennisball.
Ein schwarzer Mann steht alleine in einem langen Mantel drauen.
Ein Mdchen lchelt, whrend hinter ihr ein Motorrad mit zwei Erwachsenen und einem Kind vorbeifhrt.
Ein Junge, der ein Fenster putzt.
Eine Frau mit rosafarbenem Oberteil auf einem Fahrrad neben einem Mann, der joggt, im Hafengebiet.
Eine Mutter und ein Kind am Strand, im Hintergrund Segelboote.
Ein Mann an einer Bushaltestelle liest eine Anzeige, und eine anderer Mann sitzt auf einer Bank.
Zwei Pfadfinder fllen einen Eimer mit Wasser aus einem Waschbecken.
Eine mnnliche Person mit weiem Hemd und weien kurzen Hosen streicht eine weie Wand schwarz an.
Ein lteres Paar beim Weihnachtsessen.
Zwei Mnner, die an einem ffentlichen Ort Guitar Hero spielen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit grnem Sweatshirt, der mit seinem Spielzeugzug spielt.
Eine Frau auf der Strae vor Louis Vuitton macht einen Schaufensterbummel.
Sechs Personen versuchen, ein Auto auf einer verschneiten Strae zu bewegen.
Ein Mann mit blauem Pullover spielt ein Sportspiel auf dem Wii.
Zwei Mdchen spielen in einer Gruppe Instrumente.
Ein Mann steht auf felsigen Rand eines groen Kliffs.
Ein Blick von oben auf jemanden, der eine Klippe ber dem Wasser erklettert.
Ein Mann, der etwas wie eine Goldvase in der Hand hat, whrend 2 andere zusehen.
Eine Mutter zieht ihre Tochter auf einem Schlitten im Schnee.
Drei Personen in Skiausrstung stehen hinter einem Schild mit der Aufschrift No Skiing.
Eine kleine Gruppe steht drauen und redet miteinander.
Eine Frau mit einem Sonnenschild spielt im Freien Klavier.
Ein blonder Junge blickt auf einen seltsam aussehenden humanoiden Roboter.
Jemand hngt an einem Seil von einer Felsklippe ber dem Meer.
Ein Kletterer mit weiem Helm stt sich ab.
Ein Hund, der vor Leuten, die ihm zusehen, durch die sandige Landschaft saust.
Ein Junge mit blauen kurzen Hosen und Sportschuhen mit Stollen hlt einen Fuball und rennt von anderen Jungen weg.
Der Collie steht drauen im Sand.
Mehrere Mdchen, die an einem nassen, sandigen Strand abhngen.
Ein Junge wirft drauen seinen Ball in die Luft.
Ein junger Mann beobachtet eine kleines Mdchen, das im Gras luft.
Zwei Delphine sind in diesem Zoo aus dem Wasser gesprungen.
Eine Frau mit rotem Hut und schwarzer Jacke.
Zwei Mdchen ben, um beim Fuball mithalten zu knnen.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit seinem Hund, das am Strand Steine kickt.
Drei Kinder, die springen, whrend ein lterer Mann von einer Stuhlreihe in der Nhe zusieht.
Ein junger Mann, der in einem Wartezimmer an seiner Gitarre zupft.
Zwei Personen mit dem Scheitel auf dem Gras.
Drei Hunde, die zusammen in einem Hof spielen.
Ein paar Leute sehen in einem groen Gebude aus den Fenstern.
Ein kleiner schwarz gekleideter Junge surft.
Zwei graue Hund rennen zusammen ber das grne Gras.
Der Deutsche Schferhund luft im Gewsser.
Ein Junge befindet sich auf dem Rcken einer anderen Person, die eine Mtze trgt.
Ein Snger und zwei Gitarristen spielen auf einer bunt beleuchteten Bhne.
Ein lterer Herr mit komplizierter Frisur hlt einen weien Hund, dessen Fell in verschiedenen Farben gefrbt ist.
Ein Hund trgt einen Stock durch den Wald.
Zwei Hunde, ein groer und ein kleiner, spielen zusammen im Gras.
Vier Personen fahren U-Bahn.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann, der auf einer Bhne sitzt und Gitarre spielt.
Ein Mann mit blau-weiem Hemd sitzt da.
Eine Gruppe von Campern isst in der Nhe des Feuers zu Abend.
Das Mdchen spielt mit den Bildern auf dem groen Bildschirm mit.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund im Schnee verfolgt einen schwarzen Hund.
Eine rothaarige mnnliche Person rasiert sich das Gesicht.
Mehrere Personen gehen auf einer belebten Strae in Asien mit transparenten Regenschirmen im Regen.
Ein Mdchen spielt auf einem lebensgroen Bildschirm ein Videospiel.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Gebude und hlt herzfrmige Luftballons, und eine Frau berquert die Strae.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper arbeitet auf einer Baustelle.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper arbeitet auf der Seite eines Gebudes.
Ein Fotograf bei seiner Fotoausrstung und einem Jungen.
Ein groer Hund rennt mit einem kleineren Hund durch ein Feld.
Ein Mann mit einem Schweierhelm, der Stahl schweit.
Ein braun-schwarzen Hund luft im weien Schnee.
Eine Frau und ein kleines Mdchen posieren fr ein Bild mit einem Lama auf einem Hgel.
Ein Mann mit Vollbart und nacktem Oberkrper blickt durch eine Haustr, whrend eine Katze auf der untersten Stufe des Hauseingangs sitzt.
Ein Esel, der einen Karren mit einem Mann darauf zieht
Ein bleicher Junge, der in einer Grube mit blauen Bllen spielt.
Eine auslndische Dame, die Gemse pflckt.
Ein Hund rennt im Schnee, im Hintergrund ein Zaun.
Ein Junge, der Sandalen hlt und lchelt.
Ein Mann mit Handschuhen geht in der Nhe eines orangefarbenen Lieferwagens auf einem Brgersteig.
Eine Gruppe geht vor einem Messezelt vorbei.
Eine Frau spricht bei einer Outdoor-Veranstaltung mit zwei Polizisten mit gelben Jacken.
Ein Snowboarder, der whrend der Fahrt ein Kunststck macht.
Ein Mann legt sich in einer Holzstruktur an einem Gebude hin, um sich auszuruhen.
Ein grner Fisch springt aus dem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem T-Shirt, der ein Getrnk hlt und nach unten blickt.
Ein Mann, der an einem nebligen Tag Fahrrad fhrt.
Eine Frau mit rosafarbenem Hut blickt auf ein  rosafarbenes Auto mit geffnete Heckklappe.
Eine Frau mit einer blauen Jacke fhrt vor Nathalie's Doll House ihren Oldtimer vor.
Zwei Frauen mit Sonnenhten und Handtaschen gehen Arm in Arm die Strae einer Stadt entlang.
Leute gehen im Freien herum und lachen.
Eine Frau mit grnem Pullunder und Lockenwicklern im Haar lsst sich vor einem Hintergrund mit Leopardenmuster Makeup auf die Augen auftragen.
Eine braunhaarige Frau, die die Haare einer blonden Frau richtet.
Eine Frau mit einem gelben Handgelenksschmuck spricht zur blonden Braut.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille sitzt mit seiner Freundin auf einer Hochzeitsfeier.
Mehrere Personen stehen in Anzgen und Kleidern herum und lcheln.
Ein Mann und eine Frau heiraten und freiem Himmel.
Ein Mann und eine Frau heiraten an einem sonnigen Tag im Freien.
Ein Brutigam und eine Braut gehen als Mann und Frau in Richtung Kirchenausgang.
Mnner und Frauen bei einem frmlichen Anlass, wobei eine Frau in einem weien Kleid ein Bukett mit roten Blumen trgt.
Eine Frau fhrt drei kleine Jungen in Fuballtrikots.
Drei Frauen, die Kleider tragen, nehmen im Freien von einem Caterer Vorspeisen entgegen.
Ein verwahrloster Hund mit einem Spielzeug im Mund.
Ein Junge scheint in einem Gebude voller Menschen zur Musik zu tanzen.
Eine Mutter mit Kind, die einen blauen Fisch ansehen.
Vier Kinder stehen, um fr eine Foto zu posieren.
Eine Person verwendet ein Netz mit einem langen Griff, um etwas in der Luft zu fangen.
Ein Mann mit grnem Regenzeug geht oben auf einer grasbewachsenen Klippe und trgt ein paar Pinguine.
Ein Mann mit Kamera begutachtet seine Arbeit.
Ein junger Mann mit weiem Hemd und gold-schwarzer Mtze sitzt mit bereinander geschlagenen Beinen da.
Ein Junge hngt an Riemen an einem Zug.
Ein Mdchen faltet ein weies Kleidungsstck aus einem Wschekorb.
Zwei Personen machen mit Gitarre und Keyboard Musik.
Eine Frau mit einer rosafarbenen Boa fhrt mit dem Fahrrad ber eine Fugngerbrcke.
Ein junger Mann, der auf der Feuerleiter eines stdtischen Gebudes steht.
Eine Frau mit grnem Hemd und blauer Mtze spielt Tennis.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann jongliert vor Zuschauern.
Eine Frau mit Jeans schlft auf einem Mann.
Ein Hund mit einer Jacke strzt sich auf ein Spielzeug.
Ein Mann mit Durag fasst sich mit hochgezogenem Hemd an den Schritt, sodass sein Bauch zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann, der vor Zuschauern ein Skateboard in seinen Hnden dreht.
Kinder sind sehr aufgeregt, weil sie sehen, wie ein Papagei aus seiner Hand frisst.
Ein weier Hund spritzt durch das Wasser.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten hinter einer orange-wei gestreiften Absperrung mit schwerem Gert.
Ein kleiner Junge, der Pflanzen entdeckt, die in einer Pftze wachsen.
Zwei Teams, die Fuball spielen, wobei eine versucht, die andere anzugreifen.
Asiaten, die in einem Restaurant mit einem orangefarbenen Motiv essen.
Ein kurzhaariger Mann mit dunkler Tarnjacke spielt an einer Straenecke Saxophon, im Hintergrund sind Zuschauer zu sehen.
Zwei Hunde rennen auf einem Pfad mit trockenem Laub.
Ein kleiner Junge giet Wasser aus einem Eimer auf den Kopf eines anderen kleinen Jungen.
Ein Erwachsener wandert im Schnee, im Hintergrund ein Berg.
Ein Junge spielt bei einem offiziellen Match Baseball.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank vor einem Getrnkeladen und reden.
Ein groer Hund verfolgt einen kleinen Hund im Sand.
Ein wei gekleideter Snowboarder, der durch die Luft saust.
Kinder spielen, von oben gesehen, in einem typischen Wohnzimmer.
Eine Frau geht mit einer Plastiktte den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Hund geht bei Tag durch den Schnee.
Zwei Hunde rennen ber eine Wiese.
Fnf Skifahrer mit Ruckscken sind im Schnee zu sehen.
Ein Junge hlt in einer Hand einen Basketball.
Ein Snowboarder mit grauen Hosen fhrt einen Sprung aus.
Zwei Bergsteiger blicken auf einem verschneiten Pfad nach vorn.
Ein Snowboarder, der sich an sein Snowboard lehnt und auf Berge im Nebel blickt
Ein schwarzer Hund, der sehr schnell rennt.
Ein Mann mit brauner Jacke, der vor einer offenen Verandatr steht.
Zwei braune Hunde, die mit einem roten Spielzeug durch ein Feld rennen.
Eine Person malt basierend auf einem Foto eines Hundes ein Foto eines Hundes.
Ein Mann, der vor einem Juweliergeschft am Handy spricht.
Eine Gruppe von Skifahrern, die eine Steigung im Schnee hinaufgehen.
Ein lterer Mann, der neben einem jngeren Mann mit Kopfhrern steht
Ein Mann mit Brille, nassen Haaren und nacktem Oberkrper, der sich im Gesicht rasiert.
Ein Mann sichert einen groen Betonblock.
Ein Mann mit grauer Jacke sitzt auf einer grnen Bank und liebkost einen schwarzen Hund mit rotem Halsband.
Ein in Leder gekleideter Mann fotografiert ein Kristall.
Ein lteres Kind in einem Haus, das einem Kleinkind zusieht, wie es mit einer langen Feder spielt.
Zwei kleine weie Hunde, die spielen
Ein kleines Mdchen geht an einem sonnigen Tag mit Blumen einen Pfad entlang.
Ein Mann ist dabei, einen Unterstand aus Baumstmmen und Schilf zu bauen.
Ein Mann, ein Jugendlicher und zwei Jungen mischen auf einem Bauernhof einen Eimer mit Flssigkeit.
Eine Gruppe von Passagieren, die sich beim Warten an einer Bushaltestelle miteinander unterhalten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Winterkleidung, die versuchen, verschiedene Artikel auf einem Tisch im Freien zu verkaufen.
Ein Junge mit Orange Star Brille sitzt und hlt einen Spielzeughammer.
Zwei Mnner im Freien, die auf Metallarbeiten blicken.
Ein Junge berprft ein System auf dem Computer.
Zwei ltere Personen werden von einer Kameracrew, die bei einem metallic-grnen Lieferwagen steht, befragt.
Ein Hund blickt sorgenvoll auf den braunen Hund, der sein Gebiet untersucht.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Mtze sitzt auf einem Hocker vor einer grnen Tr neben Lautsprechern.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spritzen im Meer um sich.
Ein Mann, der Schnorchelausrstung hlt, springt ins grne Meerwasser.
Ein Mann, der auf der Strae steht.
Ein Mann hlt seine Hand auf den Rcken eines anderen Mannes und beide sind in einem Boot.
Es ist ein schner Tag fr eine Hochzeit unter freiem Himmel.
Viele Personen kaufen auf einem berdachten Markt ein.
Ein Junge rennt durch Blasen.
Acht Personen, die die Schnheit eines Wasserfalls und den Spa beim Flofahren genieen.
Mehrere Personen, die einen Pfad entlang gehen.
Ein Mann mit blau-violett gestreiftem Hemd geht an einem Ziegelgebude vorbei.
In diesem Foto verkauft einen Frau Marktwaren.
Zu sehen ist ein Stand unter einem groen blau-roten Schirm mit einer groen Auswahl an Produkten, und mehrere Personen, die die Produkte durchsehen.
Ein Kind, das am Strand eine Sandburg baut.
Ein ganz in Schwarz gekleideter Dirigent, der ein Orchester und einen Chor auf einer braunen Bhne leitet; Orchester und Chor spielen bzw. singen ein Musikstck.
Ein Junge in einer grnen Schubkarre, den eine Mdchen schiebt.
Mnner in einem Haarsalon, wobei einer einen Finger hochhlt.
Ein Spieler nimmt eine Auszeit, um mit den Medien zu sprechen.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund mit Halsbndern schttelt sich trockenes Gras aus dem Fell.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das in vielen farbigen Kunststoffbllen liegt.
Ein Mann mit Bart hebt sich in puncto Farbe ab.
Hier sieht man Rod Stewart in Concert , wie er live mit Pat Benatar singt.
Fnf Snger, drei Frauen und zwei Mnner, sind auf einer Bhne.
Ein Hund rennt durch das hohe Gras.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille sitzt auf einer Fhre in der Sonne.
Der Hund geht im Sonnenuntergang am Strand entlang.
Das ist eine Aufnahme eines Mannes in einer Stadt, der der Kamera den Rcken zugewandt hat.
Zwei schwarze Hunde, die auf einer Wiese rennen.
Zwei Mnner im mittleren Alter, die versuchen, etwas wie eine Art Verstrker zu bedienen.
Zwei Mdchen, die an einem Tisch ein Ausmalbuch ausmalen.
Ein Mann mit roter Badehose steht im Schnee auf einer Klippe ber dem Wasser.
Eine Familie posiert in einem verschneiten Wald.
Junge Menschen ziehen sich in einem leeren Raum Kostme an.
Zwei Mnner mit weien Hemden und breiten weien Hosen machen Kampfsport.
Zwei Hunde spielen in der Klte des Schnees.
Ein Mdchen liest den Klassiker To kill a mockingbird.
Zwei lachende Frauen in einem Whirlpool mit Handtchern auf dem Kopf.
Skifahrer oben auf einem Berg.
Ein Mann mit einem braun-karierten Hemd verkauft von einem blauen Verkaufswagen aus Gebck.
Leute im Markt betrachten das Obst und suchen sich davon aus.
Ein Mann mit blauem Trainingsanzug und eine Frau mit brauner Jacke und braunen Stiefeln gehen zusammen.
Ein junger Mann mit braunen Haaren, der Gitarre spielt.
Mehrere Mnner, die auf roten Sthlen sitzen.
Ein Hund trgt eine Zeitung durch die Kche.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd, der einem Jungen in einer Bckerei zeigt, wie man Brot macht.
Ein Hund geht mit gefletschten Zhnen eine Rampe hinunter.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern sitzt um einen Tisch mit leeren Flaschen darauf.
Zwei Basketballspieler beobachten den Ball.
Ein Mann fhrt mit den Skiern einen verschneiten Hgel hinunter und wirft dabei einen langen Schatten.
Ein Typ, der vor Kindern mit coolen Baseballschlgern Tricks vorfhrt
Ein Mann liest in einem chinesischen Lebensmittelladung eine Zeitung.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Helm fhrt Motorroller.
Ein lterer Mann arbeitet mit mehreren Schnren.
Ein Baby, das eine Rassel hlt und sehr traurig aussieht.
Ein Junge surft auf einem grnen Surfbrett auf den Strand zu.
Eine Frau, die ihren Kopf auf einem gebogenen Kissen ausruht.
Eine junge Frau trgt vor einer Kirche einen Brautschleier.
Ein Mann und ein kleines Mdchen in rosafarbenem Kleid
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und hat seinen Arm um eine Dame gelegt.
Ein goldfarbener Hund luft vorsichtig um einen gefrorenen Teich herum.
Eine Frau lchelt und streckt vor Freue die Fuste in die Luft.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hemd, der eine Kette hlt.
Mehrere Personen sitzen auf dem Sofa und lachen.
Ein kleiner Junge, der von einem Stuhl zum anderen springt.
Ein Hund springt in die Luft, um einen Ball in seinem Maul zu fangen.
Ein Mann mit Schnauzer, der sich an einen weien Lieferwagen lehnt.
Eine Frau mit dunklen Haaren und einem orangefarbenen Bikini liegt drauen in einem Korbstuhl.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann fhrt eine Nummer vor und schluckt brennende Fackeln.
Ein Hund sitzt mit heraushngender Zunge in einem Auto.
Ein Mann schlft drauen auf dem Boden.
Ein ganz in Orange gekleideter Mann, der auf einer Baustelle neben einem groen Lkw arbeitet.
Zwei Junge laufen Eis, mit anderen Personen zusammen.
Fnf Erwachsene und eine Kind rennen am Strand den Wellen entgegen.
Ein Mann beschneidet eine Palme.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem T-Shirt, der eine Speisekarte ansieht.
Ein weier Hund rennt ein steiniges Ufer entlang.
Der Mann steht am belebten Bahnhof nahe am Zug.
Ein Kind mit nacktem Oberkrper spielt auf einem Brgersteig mit einem rosafarbenen Luftballon.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen zusammen, whrend berall auf dem Boden Geld verstreut ist.
Plschtierpreise, die die Leute bei einem Spiel auf dem Rummel gewinnen knnen.
Das Spiegelbild einer Frau, die Mascara auf ihr linkes Auge auftrgt.
Ein Gstepaar in einem Jazzclub.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad, der hoch in der Luft ein Kunststck vorfhrt.
Der Junge kommt im roten Wagen den Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Hemd befindet sich vor einem Mann, der ein Musikinstrument spielt.
Zwei Hunde, die im Wasser mit einem Stock spielen
Ein Kind krabbelt auf dem Boden und sieht eine Taube an.
Ein schwer arbeitender Mann bei seiner Arbeit auf der Strae.
Eine Person rutscht ber eine gelbe Wasserrutsche in das Schwimmbecken.
Eine mnnliche Arbeitskraft im Lebensmittelbereich grillt Fleisch auf einem Stock.
Zwei junge Geiger gehen von einer Tr aus auf die Kamera zu.
Eine Gruppe tanzt in einem orientalischen Restaurant.
Drei Mnner sind beim Sonnenuntergang im Freien und machen verschiedene Dinge: springen, sitzen und mit einem Fuball spielen.
Das Mdchen schlgt den Volleyball.
Ein Mann mit einem T-Shirt mit Dr Pepper-Logo auf einer blauen Decke, mit dem Arm um einen spielzeuglutschenden Sugling.
Zwei Jungen spielen Flag Football.
Ein schlafender Mann auf dem Scho eines anderen schlafenden Mannes auf einer Parkbank.
Eine Gruppe geht einen grasbewachsenen Hgel hinauf.
Eine Person im Schnee fhrt Ski in der Luft ber dem Schnee, ein grner Baum im Hintergrund.
Drei kleine Kinder auf Dreirdern fahren um die Wette den Berg hinunter.
Ein Patient mit Zahnproblemen wird von einem Mann und einer Frau in blauen Kitteln untersucht.
Ein junger Mann, der an einem Obststand vorbeigeht.
Eine Person mit einem Kapuzenpulli und Jeans steht auf einem Baum, der ber einen Bach gefallen ist.
Mehrere Personen essen auf einer Broparty Kuchen.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd balanciert ein rundes Objekt auf dem Handrcken.
Zwei Cowboys blicken hinten in den Lkw.
Ein Mann ist zu sehen, der ein schwarzes Pferd reitet, mit einem braunen Pferd und einem Bullen im Hintergrund.
Zwei Cowboys aus Latein- oder Sdamerika reiten Pferde und verfolgen einen Bullen.
Zwei Mnner auf Pferden jagen an einem sonnigen Tag eine Kuh.
Kinder spielen im Hof.
Ein Mann im Ruderboot rudert ber blaues Wasser.
Eine Kindergruppe spielt in einem Museum.
Eine Gruppe in grnen Westen, die reitet.
Eine Frau, die auf einem Platz einen Tennisschlger hlt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau im blauen Kleid spielen Tennis.
Eine Frau hlt einen Tennisschlger.
Eine rot gekleideter Tennisspielerin hlt ihren Tennisschlger hoch.
Ein Kind, das mitten zwischen Plschspielzeugen und Decken liegt.
Eine Frau trgt ein Kind auf dem Rcken.
Der Junge rennt mit den Basketbllen ber den Platz.
Zwei Mnner mit weien T-Shirts stehen hinter der Theke und halten Messer.
Drei Feuerwehrleute stehen in einem Aufzug.
Eine lchelnde blonde Frau mit einem Rucksack, die einen glcklichen Eindruck macht, pausiert, um in die Kamera zu lcheln.
Das Baby sitzt in einem Hochstuhl.
Ein Terriermischling fngt eine Frisbeescheibe in der Luft.
Der Mann in der Robe hat Gold auf dem Bart.
Ein junger asiatischer Mann springt auf eine gepolsterte rechteckige Metallkonstruktion.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt auf einer nassen Steinoberflche.
Eine junge Frau mit einem grnen Beanie bckt sich, um einen Korb von einem vierbeinigen Tisch aufzuheben.
Ein asiatischer Junge hlt einen kleinen weien langhaarigen Hund.
Freunde und Familie tanzen am Strand in der Nhe ihrer Fahrzeuge.
Eine indische Frau posiert in leuchtender Kleidung fr die Kamera.
Ein hellbrauner Hund mit dunklem Halsband, der durch das Gras springt.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd und Hosen in Tarnmuster, die mit Sahne vollgekleckert sind.
Vier Mnner mit Brten stehen da und halten weie Teller.
Ein kleines Mdchen kickt in die Luft.
Ein weier Hund mit offenem Maul, der im Schnee rennt.
Eine asiatische Frau und ein kleiner Junge fahren zusammen auf einem Fahrrad.
Eine lchelnde indische Frau, die einen blauen Wagen fhrt und bunte Kleidung mit den Farben Orange, Grn und Wei trgt.
Zwei Personen springen an einem Strand von einer Sanddne.
Ein Mann mit einem gestreiften Hemd bedient ein Mikroskop in einem Labor.
Ein Kind sitzt in einem mit Wasser gefllten Loch.
Der brauen Hund geht mit heraushngender Zunge einen Feldweg entlang.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt mit einem weien Hund.
Zwei groe Hunde rennen zusammen durch das Gras.
Eine Hund rollt sich im Gras.
Ein rot gekleideter Junge bereitet sich darauf vor, eine blaue Rutsche herunter zu rutschen.
Mehrere Mnner auf Pferden starren in einen bergigen Hintergrund.
Eine Dame mit ausgefallenem Kostm und entsprechender Frisur trinkt aus einer Dose.
Ein Welpe trgt einen Tennisball im Maul.
Eine Frau mit fnf Kindern um sich herum und einem Lcheln im Gesicht.
Ein Mann paddelt ein Kanu durch einen ruhigen See.
Ein paar Leute gehen auf einer grnen Brcke ber einen Fluss.
Zwei junge Mnner helfen einem anderen Mann im Hinterraum eines Geschfts.
Zwei Jungen in zerlumpter einfarbiger Kleidung stehen nebeneinander und einer hlt eine Axt.
Ein Mann, der an einem Tisch sitzt und ein Notebook benutzt.
Ein Kind dreht sich mit einem Objekt in der Hand herum, whrend jemand hinter ihm vorbei geht.
Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich in einer Kunstgalerie.
Eine Person macht mit ihrem gelbbraunen Hund einen Ausflug im Ruderboot.
Ein brauner Hund, der auf dem Gras sitzt
Ein weier Hund rennt vor einem orangefarbenen Zaun.
Ein Mann und ein Junge blicken in ein Zelt, in dem eine blaue Decke liegt.
Eine Frau mit einem Tennisschlger, die gerade dabei ist, auf einen Ball zu schlagen.
Eine Frau mit weiem Oberteil und schwarzem Rock, die Tennis spielt.
Eine Frau mit Pferdeschwanz mit Kapuzenpulli und schwarzen Hosen, die Tennis spielt.
Ein Hund mit hellem Fell, der mit einem schnen Hundespielzeug spielt.
Zwei Mdchen mit langen Haaren stehen vor einem berfllten Tisch.
Eine Tennisspielerin hebt ihren Schlger, um den Ball zu schlagen.
Ein kleines Mdchen geht auf einem Pfad in einem Gewchshaus.
Eine Tennisspielerin, die dabei ist, den Ball zu schlagen.
Eine braunhaarige Frau in beigem Jackett schreibt an einem rosafarbenen Tisch etwas auf ein Stck Papier.
Eine Frau mit weiem Oberteil spielt Tennis.
Eine blonde Frau, die Tennis spielt, mit einer blauen Reklame im Hintergrund.
Ein indischer Mann und eine indische Frau, die in einem ffentlichen Verkehrsmittel schlafen.
Ein Kind, das lchelt, als es von einem Erwachsenen in die Luft geworfen wird.
Eine Frau mit grnen Haaren schlgt auf eine Pinata.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund rennt in der Nhe eines Baums und einer Bank ber den Schnee.
Ein Tennisspieler auf einem Tennisplatz, der Tennisblle einsammelt.
Frauen auf einem Tennisplatz, die vor einem Netz stehen und ein Buch halten.
Eine glckliche Tennisspielerin in einem weien Sport-BH.
Ein Mdchen mit einem weien Oberteil und gelben Shorts spielt Tennis.
Es ist eine gelb gekleidete Frau zu sehen, die Tennis spielt.
Ein junger Tennisspieler streckt sich auf einem Sandplatz nach einem Ball.
Eine Frau in weiem Tennis-Outfit, die Tennis spielt.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Sport-Outfit, die dabei ist, auf einen Tennisball zu schlagen.
Ein Mann, der an einem bewlkten Tag an einem Graffiti vorbei geht.
Eine ltere und eine jngere Frau, beide in Tenniskleidung und mit Schlgern, lcheln nebeneinander fr die Kamera.
Die Kinder machen nebeneinander Schneeengel.
Ein Friedhofsarbeiter grbt oder fllt ein Grab auf, eine andere Person ist am Handy und lehnt sich an einen Grabstein.
Eine Person in einem Mantel mit Pelzkragen geht an einer Statue vorbei.
Ein Mann und eine Frau benutzen eine Maschine, die in eine Wand hineingebaut ist.
Ein Afroamerikaner, der in einem farbenfrohen Hemd die Strae entlang geht.
Ein als Cowboy angezogener Junge liebkost ein vierbeiniges Tier mit Hrnern und Sattel.
Ein junger Cowboy ist von der Anwesenheit eines Kamels vllig in Bann gezogen.
Drei barfige Kinder in Innenrumen lcheln.
Ein Mann mit muskulren Armen macht Turnbungen.
Ein Mann mit roten Leggings balanciert auf einem Schwebebalken mit den Beinen in der Luft.
Ein Typ kommuniziert mit jemandem in einem Auto.
Diese weibliche Person ist darauf vorbereitet, wenn ntig zu kmpfen, sie ist trainiert.
Der schwarz-weie Hund springt, um ein Spielzeug zu fangen.
Zwei Kinder werden auf einer Reifenschaukel angeschoben, im Hintergrund ist Schnee zu sehen.
Eine ltere Frau, die an einer Zeremonie teilnimmt.
Ein groer brauner Hund, der in einer grasbewachsenen Gegend ber einen Busch springt.
Ein Turner hngt aufrecht in den Ringen.
Ein schwarzer kuscheliger Hund springt neben einem anderen Hund in die Luft.
Zwei Jungen beobachten, wie Ihr Vater einen Mixer benutzt.
Ein gelbbrauner Hund spielt mit einem rtlichen Hund im Schnee.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen an einer Kletterwand.
Ein Mann lsst auf dem Brgersteig seine Schuhe putzen, an einer Strae, die mit geparkten Motorrdern gesumt ist.
Ein Mann, der eine Frau auf die Wange ksst.
Drei Kinder und ein Erwachsener, die auf einem Pfad gehen.
Mehrere Personen, die kurz vor Sonnenuntergang auf einer Bank sitzen.
Ein Mann raucht eine Zigarette und der andere Mann begegnet seinem Blick.
Ein Hund schwimmt mit einem Stock im Maul.
Ein Mann mit groen Schneeschuhen rennt in etwas, das wie ein berflltes Skigebiet aussieht.
Ein grauhaariger Mann sitzt im Freien und spricht am Telefon.
Zwei Kinder kuscheln sich auf der Strae zwischen zwei grn-gelben Wagen an eine Frau.
Zwei Mnner sitzen da und trinken etwas.
Ein brauner Hund spielt mit einem roten Spielzeug, whrend ein anderer brauner Hund einen Satz auf die Kamera zu macht.
Eine Frau rutscht im Schnee rckwrts.
Ein Mann mit T-Shirt und Bluejeans springt von einem Felsen neben einer groen Schlucht.
Ein Mann und ein Kind, die einen gelben Ball in einem offenen Feld kicken.
Ein Junge mit blauem Hemd springt auf einem Skateboard Treppenstufen hinunter.
Ein Bowlingspieler, der eine Kugel wirft und versucht, zwei Kegel zu treffen.
Eine Frau mit rosafarbener Mtze hilft einem kleinen Mdchen mit weier Mtze mit den Schlittschuhen.
Der Mann trgt ein schwarzes Hemd und einen schwarzen Hut und lchelt.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit rotem Halsband, der durch das Wasser wadet.
Indische Frauen, die sich um Kleidung kmmern.
Drei Kinder in einer armen Gegend, die spielen und Spa haben.
Vier Mdchen in einem Gebude, die miteinander spielen
Eine ganz in Blau gekleidete Frau mit blauen Taschen steht drauen vor einem Fenster.
Ein Junge und sein Bruder spielen mit Stcken und Schwertern.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Handtasche und einem roten Mandel sitzt auf einem Betonpfosten.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem schlammigen Weg Dirtbike.
Ein Mann wirft einen Ball auf eine Stapel Kltze mit Plschtieren im Hintergrund.
Ein Junge geht auf einem Spielplatz ber eine Seilkonstruktion.
Ein grauer Hund jagt im flachen Wasser einem braunen Hund nach.
Ein Mann schttelt einem Mannequin die Hnde.
Ein lterer Herr, der rauchend an einem Gemlde eines lteren Manns vorbei geht.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Jacke arbeitet auf einem Dach.
Drei Glasaufzge mit Personen darin.
Viele Jungen, die auf einem Fahrzeug fahren.
Ein Kind in einem Innenraum, das von einem Klettergerst springt, whrend andere Kinder ber Teile des Gersts klettern.
Der wei-braune Hund schttelt seine Ohren.
Ein kleines Mdchen klettert auf die Stufen an einem Spielplatzgert.
Mehrere Menschen, die Laptopmonitore betrachten.
Zwei weibliche Personen, eine mit Rucksack, stehen ber einem Gewsser.
Eine Person beobachtet einen Fluss, ber den eine Brcke fhrt.
Eine Frau mit schwarzer Jacke und Sonnenbrille steht vor einem Mann, der mit einem Rucksack weggeht.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Stck Holz nahe am Wasser.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd, khakifarbenen Hosen und einer Mtze beim Bergsteigen.
Ein Schlittenhundeteam arbeitet hart auf diesem verschneiten Weg.
Ein Mann mit Brille, der an einem Tisch mit einer Kaffeetasse und mehreren anderen Gegenstnden sitzt.
Drei Mnner spielen auf der Bhne Gitarre.
Zwei Kinder rennen einen Plankenweg entlang, der ber ein Gewsser fhrt.
Ein Mann mit Glatze und einem schwarzen T-Shirt spielt Gitarre.
Zwei Mnner kicken einen gelb-schwarzen Ball ber ein Netz.
Ein junges spanisches Mdchen springt vom betonierten Hofteiler auf den Brgersteig.
Ein Notausgangsplan hngt ber einer Tr, wo eine Frau nach etwas greift.
Ein Mann untersucht sorgfltig die Dachziegel.
Ein Mann in der Kche, der versucht das Fleisch, das er zubereitet hat, vom Papierteller zu entfernen.
Ein Paar steht da und blickt auf das Meer.
Eine Person hat ihren Hnde in einem Hundemaul.
Ein Junge springt in der Wste, whrend andere zusehen und fotografieren.
Ein Mann mit langem lockigen Haar ist auf einer Autofahrt eingeschlafen.
Ein Junge steht da und starrt auf den Fernsehbildschirm.
Ein kleines Mdchen gibt einem kleinen Jungen, der auf einer Schaukel sitzt, Schwung.
Ein Kind spielt in einem Blumenstrau.
An einer Ecke spielen drei Mnner Saxophon, whrend ein Mann eine zusammengebastelte Trommel spielt.
Ein brauner Hund und ein schwarz-weier Hund rennen ber grnes Gras.
Die Seite eines Gebudes neben einer Kirche ist mit einem Coca-Cola-Zeichen in leuchtenden Farben bemalt.
Vater und Sohn schlafend unter ihren Decken.
Eine grau gekleidete Frau spricht auf einer Veranstaltung in ein Mikrofon, whrend zwei Mnner zuhren.
Mehrere Personen bewegen eine Konstruktion.
Ein kleines Kind auf einer Reifenschaukel in einem Waldgebiet.
Mnner und Frauen, die hinter einem langen Tisch sitzen und reden, whrend sie an ihren Laptops arbeiten.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Umhang hockt auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einer Fabrik und bedient eine Maschine.
Mehrere Damen sitzen zusammen um einen Tisch.
Die Frau holt ein Geschenk aus einem Weihnachtsstrumpf.
Eine rosa gekleidete Frau sitzt da und freut sich an dem Objekt, das sie hlt.
Eine weibliche Person ffnet ein Geschenk.
Ein Mann, der versucht auf dem bockenden halbwilden Pferd zu bleiben.
Zwei Hunde stehen einander auf einer Wiese gegenber.
Der brauen Hund sieht einen schwarzen Hund im trockenen Gras liegen.
Ein Little-League-Baseballspieler  mit einem weien Trikot mit der Nummer 19 schlgt erfolgreich den Ball.
Eine Frau blickt auf ein Flugblatt und redet mit jemandem, whrend ein Mann im Hintergrund Fotos macht.
Eine Frau, die versucht Pulswrmer zu stricken.
Zwei Mdchen bereiten ihre Wohnung fr eine groe Party vor.
Eine Frau mit grn geblmtem Kleid hlt einen Behlter mit Hkeltieren.
Eine junge Frau hlt ein rot-weies Kleid hoch, whrend zwei andere Frauen zusehen und lcheln.
Der weie Hund, wie er ber einen schneebedeckten Holzstamm springt.
Ein Mann steht mit einem Gartenwerkzeug, das er auf dem Gras benutzt, auf einer Wiese.
Ein Mann mit Mtze reitet ein bockendes Pferd.
Der braune Hund spielt im weien Schnee.
Ein Mann im weien Anzug wirft bei einem Baseballspiel den First Pitch.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd vor einem Mikrofon hlt eine Rede.
Eine Frau, die ein Konzert gibt.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner spielt ein Spiel am Strand.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Outfit posiert vor dem Eiffelturm.
Ein Mann in einem Boot mit blauem Hemd und Mtze hat eine gebogene Angelrute.
Vier Rocker posieren auf einem Baumstumpf.
Zwei Mnner, von denen einer eine Tasche trgt, und ein Mdchen gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Bildhauer lsst sich vor seiner Arbeit fotografieren.
Ein Mann steht vor einem U-Bahn-Eingang und blickt in die Kamera, whrend ein Mdchen hinter ihm am Handy spricht.
Eine Personengruppe vor einer Kirche bei einer Hochzeit.
Eine Gruppe sitzender Mnner trinkt an zwei Tischen Kaffee.
Viele Menschen auf einer Party.
Ein braun gekleideter Mann steht drauen neben einem Fahrrad.
Leute vor einem Haus im Schnee.
Eine Person, die neben einem Stativ sitzt, beobachtet Boote im Hafen.
Ein Mann jongliert am Strand.
Ein flauschiger weier Hund rennt durch den Schnee.
Mehrere Personen, einige davon mit Computern, haben sich zu einer Session getroffen, ein paar mssen stehen.
Ein Mann an einer Bootsanlegestelle, der in das Wasser bei einem Boot blickt
Eine rot gekleidete Frau neben einem Ziegelgebude ist leicht vornbergebeugt.
Ein Mann mit Ttowierungen liegt auf einem Sofa und hlt einen Stift.
Zwei Husky-hnliche weie Hunde sind drauen im Schnee.
Ein Kind in einem blauen Schlafanzug spielt mit einem roten Mopp in einem roten Eimer.
Ein weier Hund, der im Schnee rennt.
Das Foto zeigt den Blick auf eine Strae, auf der fnf Fugnger unterwegs sind.
Mehrere Personen mit Gepck, mit verlorenem Blick im Gesicht, die sich unwohl fhlen.
Zahlreiche Mnner und Frauen, die es sich unter freiem Himmel gut gehen lassen.
Zwei Jungen beobachten einen dritten Jungen, der Schnee kickt.
Ein Mann mit langrmeligem Lackhemd, der in einem groen Gebude an einer Orgel sitzt, whrend 3 Personen zusehen.
Ein Mann trommelt auf weien Eimern im Schnee.
Ein Junge mit einem Pullover mit Reiverschluss spielt Waldhorn.
Ein Mann sitzt da mit einem Notenstnder vor sich.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund mit einem blauen Halsband in der Nhe eines Fuballs auf der Wiese.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt an einer leuchtend blauen Tr vorbei.
Ein Stammesangehriger geht mit Fen und Hnden an einem Baum hoch.
Mehrere Mtter sitzen und stillen ihre Babys.
Zwei Khe stehen vor Leuten, die Bus fahren.
Ein Mann sitzt in einer U-Bahn-Station auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann mit grner Jacke und schwarzem Hut steht bei einer Toreinfahrt.
Der grau-weie Hund geht auf Kies.
Ein Mann auf einem Skateboard springt damit in die Luft.
Zwei Fuballspieler pausieren, um zu trinken.
Ein blau angezogenes Kleinkind geht durch ein altes Gebude.
Ein Hund rennt durch den Schnee.
Ein Kind mit blauer Jacke und Helm fhrt Skateboard.
Zwei Mnner sind dabei, ein Haus zu bauen.
Das Kind steht auf mit ausgestreckten Armen auf einer Schneewehe.
Zwei Mdchen in schicken Kleidern stehen im Freien.
Ein Spielzeug-Legosatz ist im Vordergrund zu sehen, mit einer Frau und einem Kind, die damit spielen, im Hintergrund.
Kinder bilden eine Rockband.
Eine aus sechs Personen bestehende Gruppe entspannt sich im Wohnzimmer und spielt ein Brettspiel.
Ein Surfer, der eine gute, tiefe klarblaue Welle erwischt.
Ein Mann, der auf einem Plastikstuhl steht und verschiedene Kopfbedeckungen in Augenschein nimmt.
Ein Mann, der ein Dach neu eindeckt.
Ein Mdchen im Bademantel, das einen Teller mit Essen hlt, steht neben einem Jungen, der Besteck und eine rote Tasse hlt.
Zwei Personen schlafen auf einer Bank.
Zwei Mnner und ein Kind benutzen ein Lineal auf einer Wand.
Ein indischer Mann mit einem Elefanten und eine Gruppe indischer Kinder in einem Tempel.
Ein Junge hat ein Stachelarmband und einen seltsamen Handschuh an.
Ein als Deleon bekannter Mann spricht auf einem Q&A.
Ein Mann mit Brille, der von einer Personengruppe umgeben in ein Mikrofon spricht.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit einem Batman-Spielzeugauto.
Eine Dame mit grnem Pullover legt Sigkeiten auf ein Regal.
Zwei Kinder umarmen einander.
Eine groe Menschenmenge beobachtet bei einem Freiluftkonzert die Bhne.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das auf einen groen Felsbrocken blickt
Ein schwarzer Hund spielt vor einem Kamin mit zwei Gummitieren.
Es wird sichergestellt, dass eine genaue Aufzhlung von allem, was ich hier sehe, ordnungsgem aufgezeichnet wird.
Ein Mann blickt durch ein Mikroskop, whrend ein anderer Mann im Hintergrund ebenfalls durch eine Mikroskop blickt.
Einige Mnner schwimmen in roten Badehosen.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem blauen Halsband rennt durch den Schnee.
Eine Frau blickt auf Kunst in einer Galerie, whrend zwei Kinder auf dem Boden sitzen.
Eine weie weibliche Person in einem roten Kleid, die einer schwarzen weiblichen Braut in ihr weies Brautkleid hilft.
Viele Personen in der Nhe eines Fugngerberwegs in einer verkehrsreichen Stadt.
Ein Mann in einem Kostm spricht in einem Konferenzzentrum zu einem Mdchen in einem blauen Kapuzenteil.
Ein Mann geht bei Sonnenaufgang am Strand entlang.
Eine Personengruppe, die bei Sonnenuntergang einen Strandspaziergang macht.
Sieben Kinder springen auf einer Wiese.
Ein beiger Hund und ein brauner Hund im Schnee.
Ein in Lumpen gekleideter Mann schlft hinter einem Gebude.
Ein Mann klettert mithilfe eines Pickels auf einen vereisten Gletscher.
Ein kleines Mdchen fhrt Skateboard, whrend ein Junge ein Spielzeug auf sie wirft.
Ein Mann mit kariertem Hemd malt auf einer groen Strae.
Ein Mann, der etwas hinter einem Busch aufschreibt.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Einrad den Brgersteig entlang.
Eine Frau wscht in einem Haarsalon den Kopf eines Mannes.
Eine Frau mit blauer Mtze fotografiert eine mit Bschen bedeckte Gegend.
Ein Feuerwehrmitarbeiter setzt Holzblcke unter ein verunfalltes blaues Auto.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund, der ber eine Wiese rennt.
Eine erwachsene mnnliche Person kniet auf dem Dach, um Reparaturen vorzunehmen.
Ein Mann zweigt einer Frau, wie man eine Sge benutzt, um ein Brett durchzusgen.
Zwei Personen gehen nachts eine stdtische Strae entlang.
Mehrere Mnner, die an einem kleinen blauen Rennauto mit offenem Deck arbeiten.
Ein Feuerwehrangehriger arbeitet bei einem Brand.
Ein weier Hund rennt durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann spielt auf einem Flgel.
Eine Kuh liegt auf einem Fuweg zwischen zwei Gelndern, whrend sich ein paar Leute in der Nhe entspannen und eine Frau weggeht.
Eine Menschenmenge mit roten Bauarbeiterhelmen steht um eine lpumpe herum.
Zwei Mnner in Kampfsportkleidung knien vor Waffengestellen.
Ein brauner Hund spielt im Schnee.
Eine Baustelle mit einem Bagger und einem Mann mit einer Schaufel ist zu sehen.
Zwei Mnner mit leuchtend gelben Westen sitzen in einem Fahrzeug.
Zwei Mnner in gelben Westen arbeiten in einem groen grnen Feld.
Ein kleines Mdchen fhrt Fahrrad.
Ein Mann mit dnnem Bart und brauner Jacke spielt in einem vollen Raum Guitar Hero.
Ein Reiter auf einem Pferd landet nach einem Sprung.
Ein Mann mit Brille spricht zu einer Gruppe von Freunden.
Eine Dame mit rosafarbenem Kapuzenteil zeichnet ein Video eines Sportteams vom Grobildschirm auf.
Eine Dame mit schwarzem Mandel, Jeanshemd, schwarzen Schuhen und schwarzer Handtasche geht an einem riesigen Werbeplakat einer Dame vorbei, die ihre Handtasche durchsucht.
Eine Tnzerin macht auf einer Bhne einen Center Leap.
Ein braun-schwarz-weier Hund befindet sich auf einem Hindernispfad.
Ein Skateboarder, der auf einer Rampe ein Kunststck macht.
Zwei wunderschne Kinder, die von der Mutter sehr hnlich angezogen wurden, fahren Zug.
Ein muskulser Mann in Badehose spielt Paddle Ball am Strand.
Ein Mann mit lockigen Haaren spricht oder diskutiert vielleicht mit einem blonden Mann vor einem Tisch.
Ein Polizist sitzt in einem Lieferwagen und sieht aus dem Fenster.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten an einem kreisfrmigen Fenster und stehen dabei auf Sthlen.
Eine blonde Frau in blauen Kleidern spielt Cello.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Sessel, whrend ein Mann ihren Strumpfhalter abnimmt.
Mehrere Hunde in einem winterlichen Ambiente.
Dieser junge Mann rasiert sich vor einem Spiegel.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hemd steht und spricht.
Ein indischer Mann mit einem Turban geht einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann klettert einen Felsen hoch.
Mehrere Tnzer heben auf der Bhne die Beine.
Eine mnnliche Person mit nacktem Oberkrper fhrt Skateboard und fhrt ein Kunststck aus.
Ein japanischer Mann mit rotem Hemd, der bei der Olympiade Tennis spielt.
Ein Mann wirft die Bowlingkugel, um den letzten Kegel umzuwerfen.
Eine traditionell gekleidete Frau ist durch das kleine Loch eines Torbogens zu sehen.
Eine Frau mit einer Schssel auf dem Kopf geht im Freien vor einem Kind her.
Zwei Kche versuchen herauszufinden, wie man die Mahlzeit zubereitet.
Mehrere Mnner gehen und stehen in einer John A. Noble Einrichtung.
Ein Kind spielt mitten in einem Vogelschwarm im Park.
Ein Essensverkufer, der auf einem Straenmarkt Essen verkauft.
Eine schwarz gekleidete asiatische Frau sitzt an einem ffentlichen Ort.
Das Gebude ist mit rot-schwarzen Graffiti bedeckt.
Ein Mann im Kanu paddelt in einem groen Gewsser, whrend ein anderen Mann in ein Netz auswirft.
Ein normaler sonniger Tag in einer Grostadt.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund rennt durch den Schnee und bleckt die Zhne.
Ein Mann wird von einem Deutschen Schferhund angegriffen.
Eine liebe Frau kniet bei 3 Katzen und versorgt und fttert eine verletzte Katze.
Ein groer Mann spielt auf der  Bhne Gitarre.
Ein Kind sitzt in einer Schaukel auf dem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann blickt durch ein Mikroskop auf eine Objekt.
Drei Mdchen in leuchtender Kleidung sitzen auf steinigem Boden vor einem groen Felsen.
Ein eingepacktes Kleinkind geht ber den Schnee.
Viele Einzelpersonen warten geduldig darauf, dass sich die Schlange in das Gebude hinein bewegt.
Ein Fischer in einem Feld in der Nhe eines Sees.
Zwei Kinder spielen mit einer Teenagerin mit verbundenen Augen.
Ein Mann wird von seinen Mitspielern hochgehoben, um den Ball zu fangen.
Ein Junge, der einen Fuball kickt, mit einem Mdchen im Hintergrund.
Zwei Teams kmpfen um den Sieg.
Ein Snowboarder macht vor ein paar Bumen ein Foto.
Ein Mann mit Jeans, langrmeligem Kapuzenpulli und Rucksack geht durch eine Wste.
Drei junge Frauen zeigen Backwaren in der Kche und umarmen sich.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen rennen ber eine Wiese auf einen bewaldeten Hgel zu.
Eine aus Mnnern und Frauen bestehende Gruppe ist um einen Konferenztisch versammelt.
Zwei dunkelhaarige Mdchen befinden sich in einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau mit gelber Jacke fhrt mit Skiern einen verschneiten Hgel hinunter.
Eine Frau steht mit einem Frettchen und einem Hund da.
Eine mnnliche Person sitzt mit einer Tasse Kaffee vor seinem linken Arm an einem Tisch.
Kinder spielen in einem aufblasbaren Spielplatz.
Ein Junge schtzt sein Gesicht und schweit ein Stck Metall an.
Ein Mann, der 3 Dalmatiner auf einer sonnigen Strae ausfhrt.
Diese drei Mnner tragen Sonnenbrillen und joggen auf einer stdtischen Strae in dieselbe Richtung.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen, die an einem Rollschuh-Derby teilnimmt.
Eine braunhaariger Frau mit schwarzem Mantel mit einem Kaffee in der Hand
Ein kleiner Junge malt einen Teller.
Ein groer brauner Hund paddelt im Wasser.
Zwei Mnner in Geschftskleidung stehen hinter einer Kamera.
Junge Freunde im Park entspannen sich und unterhalten sich miteinander.
Eine asiatische Band in einer Parade, mit einer weiblichen Majorette.
Drei gleich gekleidete Mdchen mit karierten Rcken und Mtzen, grnen Pullovern und blauen Kniestrmpfen sind zusammen unterwegs.
Ein Mdchen, das im Sitzen einen Fuball wirft.
Ein Mdchen mit rosafarbenem Trikot und grnen Kniestrmpfen kickt einen Fuball.
Ein Mdchen, das bei einem Spiel vor einem Fuballnetz luft.
Ein Mann, der eine schwarze Mtze und einen berwiegende grauen Kapuzenpulli trgt, scheint sich auf einer Party zu befinden.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem schwarz-braunen Hund.
Ein rotes Kabrio fhrt die Strae entlang und wird von einem Beobachter angehalten.
Ein schwarzer Mann, der ein Schild malt.
Ein Junge mit grnem Hemd, der auf einer Bowlingbahn vor einen Bahn springt.
Die beiden Frauen blicken auf etwas.
Ein Mdchen kickt einen Ball, whrend drei Mdchen im Hintergrund dasselbe tun.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt in einem Fuballspiel.
Vier Mdchen in grn-blauem Fuballdress spielen zusammen Fuball.
Ein Mdchen bereitet sich darauf vor, einen rosafarbenen Fuball zu kicken.
Eine junge Fuballerin steht bei einem Zaun und ist gerade dabei, den Ball zurck ins Spiel zu werfen.
Ein lterer Mann, der drauen in der Sonne unter seinem Schirm sitzt und etwas beobachtet.
Ein junger Mann und ein lterer Mann sitzen auf einem kleinen karierten Sofa.
Zwei Frauen, die Kinder halten, sprechen miteinander.
Ein blondhaariges mnnliches Kleinkind blickt nach vorne, whrend eine blondhaarige Frau seinen Kragen richtet.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau steht als Silhouette vor einem durch Wolken verdunkelten Himmel.
Ein Kind mit einem Rentier auf seinem Hemd spielt mit einer Eisenbahn.
Ein Kind oben auf einer Rutsche blickt nervs.
Ein Fuballspiel bei Sonnenuntergang
Ein Junge, der Zhne und Brille von Mr. Potato Head trgt.
Mehrere Personen stehen mit hochgehaltenen Armen auf der Bhne.
Ein Mdchen mit einer gelben Jacke sitzt auf einem Steinlwen.
4 Personen stehen neben einem Feuer und bereiten eine Mahlzeit zu.
Ein Mdchen mit Brot in den Hnden verfolgt eine Ente.
Zwei Personen sind zusammen, und eine davon benutzt ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann mit Brille, der auf eine Felswand klettert.
Ein Mann mit gelber reflektierender Weste hockt auf dem Rasen und benutzt ein Handy.
Fnf Kricketspieler liegen auf dem Gras.
Eine wei gekleidete Frau wirft einen Jungen in die Luft.
Ein junger Mann beim Snowboarding trgt eine Mtze und eine Schutzbrille.
Ein Mann mit Schnorchel schwimmt und betrachtet das Leben im Wasser.
Ein paar afroamerikanische junge Erwachsene spielen Volleyball.
Ein Mann baut eine groe Sandburg am Strand.
Ein Mann auf Rollerblades fhrt auf einem Parkweg.
Zwei Welpen spielen im grnen Gras.
Ein asiatischer Mann trgt ein Baby in einem passenden berwurf.
Ein Mann spielt in einem schwach beleuchteten Raum Gitarre.
Ein Hund springt, um eine Frisbee-Scheibe zu fangen.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau stehen auf einem Spielplatz und reden miteinander.
Ein Mdchen liegt in einer Schneehhle.
Eine blau gekleidete Frau sitzt auf einem Bordstein neben einem blauen Gelnder vor dem Meer.
Leute gehen eine Strae entlang.
Mehrere Jungen in roten Gewndern bringen ihre Tpfe, um sie mit Wasser fllen zu lassen.
Ein professioneller Schwimmer, der schnell zur Ziellinie schwimmt.
Ein Mann in einem Schwimmbad bereitet sich auf ein Wettschwimmen vor.
Eine indische Frau verwendet einen Seilzug, um einen Krug zu bekommen.
Eine Gruppe Synchronschwimmer ordnet sich in einem Schwimmbecken in Sternform an.
Ein brauner Hund, der sich Wasser aus dem Fell schttelt.
Zwei Frauen an einem Filmset, die Aufnahmen berprfen
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die lachen.
Drei Mdchen tragen Strohhte und tanzen auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann in einem Trainingsanzug liest einer Frau vor.
Ein junger Mann und eine Frau sitzen mit Essen vor sich am Esstisch.
Zwei frohe Leute gehen eine stdtische Strae entlang.
Eine Frau beugt sich nach vorn, um nach ihrem Kind mit der gelben Jacke zu sehen.
Eine Frau zieht einen Koffer hinter sich her.
Ein Mann, der im Sand am Strand entlang springt und etwas in der Hand hlt.
Nchtliche Bauarbeiten in der Stadt.
Zwei Polizisten mit leuchtend gelben Uniformen stehen da und reden miteinander.
Ein schwarzer Mann zieht an einem blauen Hemd und wird abgelenkt.
Zwei Mnner in Geschftsanzgen errtern vor einem Podium stehend ein Thema.
Es findet eine Tanzauffhrung vor einem Publikum statt.
Ein grau-weier Pudel, der neben einem anderen schwarz-braunen Hund auf einem Bett kmpft.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und Lederjacke, der nach unten blickt.
Ein Junge geht eine Wendeltreppe zu einem Raum voller Bcher hoch.
Ein Junge schwingt einen Schlger in Richtung eines groen Baseballs.
Ein Mann und eine Frau trinken etwas an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann stellt die Ausrstung fr eine Rockshow auf.
Eine Person fhrt ihren Hund an der Leine spazieren, whrend ein Kind mit einem roten Oberteil auf einem Skateboard vorbei fhrt.
Ein Mann lehnt sich in der Nhe einer belebten Strae an ein Gebude.
Ein Laden mit Wii-Konsolen und Leuten, die sie ansehen.
Ein schwarzer Hund mitten im Sprung, whrend er mit dem Maul ein Spielzeug fngt.
Eine Frau mit kariertem Mantel steht in einem Waschsalon vor Waschmaschinen.
Mnner hinter Fenstern mit Stben davor.
Ein Mann auf einem Schneehaufen, der ein Seil hlt.
Eine frhliche Frau hat ihr Geschenk geffnet und entdeckt einen Mixer von KitchenAid.
Eine Menschenmenge, die auf dem Main Street U-Bahn-Bahnsteig auf einen Zug wartet.
Ein Mann und eine Frau warten in einem Restaurant auf ihr Essen.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Haaren und Brille hlt eine Kamera auf einem Stativ.
Ein Mann mit blauen Hosen, der einen Salto macht.
Zwei Mnner in einer Band sind auf einer Bhne und spielen Gitarre und singen.
Ein Mdchen klettert auf einen Maschendrahtzaun.
Ein Mitglied einer Band spielt Keyboard.
Die Bellingham High School Band tritt auf.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau stehen mit einem Golden Retriever im Wasser.
Ein afroamerikanischer Mann hlt eine Gitarre und blickt aus dem Fenster.
Ein Kind mit blauem Oberteil lchelt ber etwas, das in seiner Hand ist.
Eine Person mit gelbem Oberteil sitzt auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mdchen mit einem blauen Oberteil steht auf dem Pier und hlt eine Angelrute.
Ein blondes Mdchen schlft auf einer Couch.
Der braune Hund wird von einem schwarzen Hund verfolgt und hlt ein kleines Spielzeug im Maul.
Zwei schwarz-braune Hunde blicken einander an.
Viele Personen sitzen in einem Festsaal an runden Tischen.
Zwei Frauen mit Sandalen fahren Motorrad.
Ein Mdchen fhrt bei bedecktem Himmel mit aufgesetztem Helm Fahrrad.
Eine Personengruppe sitzt an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Mikrofon und spielt Gitarre und singt.
Diese Dame singt in einem Club.
Ein schwarzer Hund steht auf einer offenen Flche im Freien einem braunen Hund gegenber.
Eine rosa gekleidete Frau, die unter der Doppelberfhrung entlang geht.
Zwei farbenfroh gekleidete Personen mit bunt gemusterten Stoffquadraten.
Ein Mdchen in einem beigen Kleid, das bei einem Waldgebiet rennt.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einem Bett mit einer Fernbedienung.
Kinder spielen Fuball, eines ist gerade dabei, den Ball zu kicken.
Eine Frau mit kurzen braunen Haaren, die auf einer Bhne mit ihrer Band in das Mikrofon singt.
Eine Frauengruppe in zueinanderpassenden Uniformen, eine der Frauen spricht.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hemd singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Feuerwehrangehriger bergiet einen qualmenden roten Lkw mit Wasser, whrend ein Polizist nher kommt.
Eine Personengruppe wartet unter der Autobahn.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar steht vor einer groen Menschenmenge.
Eine Gruppe von Jungen spielt an einem Strand.
Zwei Personen werden von einem Wasserfall durchnsst.
Eine junges frisch verheiratetes Paar schneidet beim Empfang den Hochzeitskuchen auf.
Ein paar Leute sitzen da und sehen einer Frau zu, die in einem Klassenzimmer etwas prsentiert, whrend ein Herr im Hintergrund zgerlich drein blickt.
Eine barfige Frau mit rot-grnem Rock ist von Keramiktpfen umgeben und arbeitet mit Ton.
Eine Junge spielt mit einem Schraubenzieher.
Ein Kind mit einem grauen Pullover hlt eine Krabbe und blickt sie an.
Ein Fltist spielt in einer Marschkapelle Flte.
Das Kind fhrt auf dem grn-schwarzen Fahrrad auf der Strae.
Zwei Mnner hngen an Seilen ber einem Wasserfall.
Vier weibliche Passagiere warten auf den Zug, eine sitzt und die brigen stehen.
Drei Hunde rennen nebeneinander auf dem Gras.
Eine Frau mit grauem Oberteil und schwarzem Capris rennt eine Strae entlang.
Ein Junge schwimmt im Wasser.
Ein langhaariger Mann mit grn gestreiftem Hemd spricht zu einer Frau, die aufmerksam zuhrt.
Frauen, die sich in einem Studio bldelnd fotografieren lassen
Ein Mdchen ist gerade aus der gelben Schaukel gesprungen.
Ein kleines rot gekleidetes Mdchen ist unten auf dem Eis.
Ein gut eingepacktes Kleinkind bereitet sich darauf vor, eine Rutsche herunter zu rutschen.
Mehrere Hund tragen einen Mann mit einem Helm durch den Schnee.
Ein afroamerikanisches Mdchen mit Mantel und Perlen in den Haaren blickt zur Kamera und bedeckt ihren Mund.
Ein Mann lehrt drei Mdchen, ein Instrument zu spielen.
Ein junger Mann mit nackter Brust redet mit einem leger gekleideten Mann auf einer einsamen Wstenstrae.
Ein braun-weier Hund spielt im Gras.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid mit Blumenmuster bedient einen Webstuhl.
Zwei blau gekleidete Mnner sitzen in einem Boot.
Drei Arbeiter halten Eimer und hocken auf Balken, whrend unter ihnen die Stadt zu sehen ist.
Hispanische Personen sitzen am Strand im Sand und telefonieren.
Ein Kind springt in der Nhe eines Gewssers hoch.
Ein Kind blickt auf ein Baby, das in einem Bettchen schlft.
Ein Mann mit Brille im Anzug ffnet seinen Geldbeutel, whrend eine jngere formal gekleidete Dame mit ihm lacht.
Mnner schlieen eine Schranke fr einen Zug auf.
Die Frau umarmt und ksst den Mann, whrend sein Hund an der Leine ist.
Ein Mann bekommt beim Friseur einen Haarschnitt.
Ein Mann untersucht die Uniform einer Figur in irgendeinem ostasiatischen Land.
Ein Junge, der klettert.
Ein Mann klettert, whrend unten Fotonarren stehen.
Zwei kleine Kinder, die auf der Strae gehen und sich an den Hnden halten.
Eine schwarze Hndin, die schwarze und weie Welpen sugt.
Eine junge Frau, die vom Boden hochspringt.
Eine Gruppe rot gekleideter Mnner, die Trommeln spielen.
Eine von der gegenberliegenden Straenseite gemachte Aufnahmen von Applebee's und Dave and Buster's Restaurants.
Ein lchelndes Kind auf einer Schaukel auf dem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters mit gelbem Hemd, der auf dem Brgersteig steht und eine grne Tasche hlt und einen Schatten wirft.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Schal liest vor einem Gemlde mit Sonnenblumen eine Zeitschrift.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die sich drauen kssen.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt Gitarre, links ein paar Blumen.
Eine Frau und ein Kind, beide rot gekleidet, gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit blau kariertem Hemd geht mit seinem Hund am Strand hinter anderen Personen her.
Ein Mdchen in einer langen rhrenfrmigen Rutsche.
Ein Mann steht in der Ferne am Meer, whrend er auf einem kleinen Boot steht.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund trgt ein rotes Spielzeug im Maul.
Ein Kind geht neben einem groen schwarz-braunen Hund durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann mit grauem Mantel spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen hlt Flaschen und zeigt auf die Kamera.
Zwei Frauen gehen die belebte Strae entlang.
Das kleine Mdchen mit dem rosafarbenen Oberteil rennt den Pfad entlang.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Oberteil hlt einen Vortrag.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit rosafarbenem Helm fhrt auf ihrem rosa Fahrrad eine Wasserstrae entlang.
Ein Leichtathlet springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein Hund am Strand dreht sich herum und springt.
Eine Band spielt auf einer kleinen Bhne.
Ein Mdchen trgt einen schwarzem Hut mit einer rosafarbenen Blume und spielt Keyboard.
Eine Familie bereitet den Essenstisch fr eine Party vor.
Ein paar Leute sitzen auf einem Landungssteg und blicken auf den See.
Eine Band mit dem Namen Screaming Orphans gibt ein Konzert.
Wir singen das beliebte Lied fr Sie alle.
Kinder fahren auf einer Go-Cart-Bahn unter der Aufsicht Erwachsener Rennen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit orangefarbenem Hemd hlt ein gelbes Schwert zur Kamera hin.
Jungen spielen am Strand Ball.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Sessel, den Fu auf einem Schrnkchen aufgestellt, und spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann im Anzug sitzt und spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mann im grauen Anzug springt vor einem Mikrophon.
Ein Mann streckt sein Gesicht aus einem kleinen Fenster.
Jemand spielt Himmel und Hlle auf einem mit Kreide auf den Boden gemalten Raster.
Ein Kind beobachtet einen Mann, der Elektrogitarre spielt.
Ein Typ und ein Mdchen blicken im Sitzen auf eine Person, die eine Rede hlt.
Ein Mann paddelt ein Boot durch den Sonnenuntergang.
Vier Kinder mit schwarz-roten Mtzen und schwarzer Kleidung geben eine Vorstellung.
Eine Frau, die in einem Sessel sitzt, errtert ein Thema in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd und blauen Shorts, der einen Tennisschlger schwingt.
Ein Junge macht einen Salto auf der Wiese.
Vor einem asiatischen Marktstand ruht sich ein Mann in einem Sessel aus, whrend ein anderer Mann putzt.
Der Junge hat mit seiner Eisenbahn gespielt.
Ein Mann hlt ein Baby und die beiden lcheln einander an.
Leute gehen durch den Nebel die Treppe hinunter.
Mehrere Inder stehen tagsber neben einer Straenlaterne, ber ihnen Wolken.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund, der durch einen Fluss rennt.
Leute neben einem rot-wei-blauen Heiluftballon auf dem Gras
Ein Mann spricht direkt in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Junge mit blauer Kapuze hlt ein Tierbaby und lchelt.
Eine Gruppe von Theaterstudenten, die nacheinander auf der Bhne springen.
Ein Baby in Winterkleidung wird fr das Foto senkrecht gehalten.
Leute in einer Menschenmenge hinter einem gelben Metalltor.
Ein Junge kickt einen Fuball, whrend sechs andere spielen, aber wie Schiedsrichter gekleidet sind.
Ein Mdchen klettert auf einer Holzkonstruktion.
Drei helmtragende rollschuhlaufende Kinder neben einem rollschuhlaufenden Erwachsenen.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einem Spielplatz.
Eine Frau, die ihren Computer repariert und ihrer Tochter zeigt, was sie macht.
Zwei Frauen und ein Beamter, die ein Flugzeug verlassen.
Ein Mann mit roter Badehose auf einem Boot im Wasser.
Ein Junge, der schlft, nachdem er mit seinen Freunden gespielt hat.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem dekorierten Helm ist ber einem kleinen Zweirad ganz zusammengesunken.
Ein Mann mit Gesichtsmaske sitzt bei einem Zelt und einem Wohnwagen.
Ein Junge klettert an einer blauen Wand, ein Erwachsener sieht weg.
Ein Arbeiter, der eine Ziegelstrae reinigt.
Die Cheerleadermannschaft fr ein Profi-Basketballteam fhrt eine Choreografie durch.
Ein Mann, der aus dem Fenster sieht.
Leute vor einem Hafengebiet, 3 Personen sitzen einander zugewandt, whrend ein Junge rennt und 2 Personen auf das Wasser zu gehen.
Ein Mann mit grnem Hemd und Hosentrgern, der an einem Tisch sitzt und am Telefon spricht.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hemd und einer Baskenmtze inmitten vieler Gegenstnde aus Gold.
Ein schwarzer Hund, der an einem Rennen teilnimmt.
Das Mdchen in den blauen Shorts sitzt auf einem abgebrochenen Baumstumpf.
Leute im Freien, die Sachen ber einander weg werfen.
Ein junger Mann mit blauem Kapuzenpulli, der einen Salto von einer halbhohen Mauer macht, die mit Graffiti bedeckt ist.
Ein Junge auf einem Trampolin springt ber einen anderen Jungen.
Ein Mann mit Brille und eine Frau mit schwarzer Mtze und dunkler Sonnenbrille sitzen zusammen in einer U-Bahn.
Ein Junge ist an zwei Bungee-Seilen gesichert und hngt in der Luft.
Eine alte Frau in einem langen Mantel berquert die Strae mit einem Karren, whrend eine andere Frau eine Zigarette raucht und zusieht.
Ein Mann steigt in ein rotes Auto.
Ein einzelner Mann, der bei Sonnenuntergang eine Angelschnur auswirft.
Ein Mann schweit in einem gelben Auto.
Ein schwarz gekleidetes Mdchen, das in einem Studentenwohnheim Hausaufgaben macht, und ein Mdchen mit rotem Oberteil, das am Computer arbeitet.
Das Kind befindet sich auf einem Schaukelpferd aus Holz.
Eine Frau mit lockigen Haaren und schwarzer Jacke, schwarzen Hosen und schwarzen Stiefeln mit Absatz geht die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau formt Ton an einer Tpferscheibe.
Zwei Kinder rennen einen Gehweg vor einem Gebude entlang.
Ein Hund, der aus einem See kommt.
Ein groer weier und und ein kleiner schwarzer Hund sitzen im Schnee.
Eine blonde Frau lacht.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Wartezimmer und liest eine Zeitschrift, in der ein sprlich bekleideter Mann und eine sprlich gekleidete Frau abgebildet ist.
Jemand, der einen Schuh anzieht und eilig weggeht.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund spielt in einem Hinterhof mit einem Spielzeugseil.
Ein Arbeiter in einem Lebensmittelgeschft schiebt mehrere Krbe auf ein Mal.
Ein lterer Mann, der vor etwas sitzt, das wie eine Toreinfahrt aussieht.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann sitzt vor einem Teller mit Essen in der Hocke.
Eine Frau spricht am Handy, whrend ein Paar im Restaurant sitzt.
Mdchen in violetten asiatischen Kleidern sitzen bei einem frmlichen Anlass in Sesseln.
Ein Junge mit Schutzbrille in einem Schwimmbecken streckt den Daumen nach oben.
Ein Kind rennt barfu ber einen geteerten Parkplatz.
Ein Mann mit langen braunen lockigen Haaren und Brille, der Gitarre spielt, auf dem Gras sitzt und ein gestreiftes Hemd und Bluejeans trgt.
Eine Frau, die hinter einer Glasscheibe an eine Wand gelehnt sitzt.
Ein Hund, der im Winter durch einen Wald rennt.
Eine Menschenmenge, die auf zwei mnnliche Motorradfahrer blickt.
Eine Gruppe steht drauen und beobachtet ein Ereignis.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spielen auf dem Boden ein Brettspiel.
Ein kleiner Hund springt ber einem verschneiten Feld durch die Luft.
Ein Kind, das eine Papierkrone trgt und in einem Einkaufswagen sitzt.
Ein Mann, der zur bung mitten auf einer Laufbahn ber Kisten springt.
Ein Motorradfahrer, der vor einer groen Menschenmenge in einen Motorradkfig fhrt.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einem Spielplatz-Schaukeltier whrend sie von einer Frau fotografiert wird.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem groben Stein und trgt ein weies Tanktop.
Mehrere Hunde laufen auf einer Ziegelstrae herum.
Ein Koch in der Kche bereitet Essen zu.
Ein Mdchen mit Rucksack und ein Junge auf einem Fahrrad stehen an einem Fugngerbergang.
Kinder spielen in einem Haufen Toilettenpapier.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt in einem Sessel und schaut auf eine Zeitschrift.
Ein Mann, der ein Kostm mit einem blau gestreiften Hemd trgt.
Leute sitzen auf Hockern in einem Bekleidungsgeschft.
Zwei Wanderer steigen an, whrend sich einer fotografieren lsst.
Eine Brautjungfer in einem rmellosen schwarzen Kleid, die auf einer Hochzeit ein Bukett roter Rosen hlt.
Ein Straenknstler, der vor einer Menschenmenge ein Schlaginstrument spielt.
Jemand springt vor Freude ber den Strand.
Mehrere Personen, die an einem Tisch sitzen.
Ein Junge mit Mtze und kurzen Hosen, der auf einer Bank schlft.
Ein Mann geht an einem Gebude vorbei, auf dessen Tr Keep Clear steht.
Eine Person geht hinter ein paar Enten auf dem Wasser zu einem See.
Ein Mdchen geht in einer lndlichen Gegend an einem Zaun entlang und spielt Flte.
Der weie Hund springt ber einen Bach.
Eine Dame mit Brille und warmer Mtze blickt in die Ferne.
Ein blondes Kind schaukelt auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Ein Delikatessenverkufer schneidet Fleisch in dnne Scheiben und wiegt diese.
Zwei Personen in der Nhe einer Htte, die unter einem blhenden Baum sitzen und auf einen Berg blicken.
Eine Person fhrt auf dem See Boot.
Eine Frau mit Pullunder und Handschuhen wscht die Fenster oben auf einem Zug.
Ein Mann mit Polo-Hemd, der einem Kleinkind auf seinem Scho vorliest.
Ein weier Hund balgt mit einem schwarz-braunen Hund auf dem grnen Gras.
Zwei Kinder, die eine riesige Treppe hochsteigen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit rot-wei-gestreiftem Hemd und kurzen Hosen sitzt zwischen groen Pflanzen.
Ein Junge und eine Frau befinden sich bei Sonnenuntergang auf groen Felsen.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Oberteil verfolgt einen kleinen Jungen in einem orangefarbenen Hemd.
Ein Kind mit einer roten Jacke rennt Tauben nach.
Eine Frau, die ein Gesicht zieht, als ob sie Schmerzen htte, und mit beiden Hnden an ihren Brustkorb fasst.
Zwei Hunde, rennen in einem Gehege im Freien herum.
Ein lterer Mann mit einer Ein lterer Mann mit einem abgetragenen Filzhut lchelt ein bisschen fr die Kamera.
Ein Hund rennt an der Wasserkante entlang.
Vier Mnner arbeiten mit Gersten, zwei mit roten Jacken.
Kinder spielen auf den Schaukeln im Park.
Ein Kind und eine erwachsene Person, beide mit Mtze, spielen am Meer.
Eine Frau mit Kopftuch und ein Mdchen in einem roten Kostm gehen durch eine Stadtgegend.
Ein Mann mit gestreiftem Hemd rasiert sich in einem Spiegel, whrend ihm ein Kind zusieht.
Eine Frau mit blauem Oberteil sitzt im Bus.
Ein Mann mit rotem Hemd luft auf einem Drahtseil und fasst nach seiner Mtze, die heruntergefallen ist.
Motorradfahrer fahren eine verkehrsreiche Landstrae entlang.
Ein Mann mit blauer Jacke steht vor einem Gebude mit goldumrandeten Tren.
Ein groes Schiff in der Dmmerung auf dem Wasser.
Ein Paar steht neben einem Zaun und blickt auf ein Gewsser.
Ein Mann mit Anzug und Krawatte, der seine Hacken zusammenschlgt.
Eine Gruppe, die auf einem Sandplatz Tennis spielt.
Ein Mann wartet darauf, in die Kabine zu gehen.
Ein Jockey auf einem Pferd versucht, ber Holzteile auf einem Platz.
Ein kleiner Junge mit roter Jacke, der im Schnee rutscht.
Nahaufnahme eines Mannes mit Brille, der in die Kamera blickt.
Ein Mdchen neben einer blauen Zeltplane mit Rucksack und Geldbeutel.
Ein Mann mit roter Brille und weiem Bart lsst sich mit einem Gehstock und Bumen im Hintergrund fotografieren.
Kinder spielen ein Spiel auf einem Platz.
Ein Junge mit nacktem Oberkrper und blauen Hosen wird von einem Mdchen mit schwarzem Oberteil verfolgt.
Ein Orchester spielt ein Stck.
Eine Frau blickt auf das Essen, das sie in einem Glasbehlter aufbewahrt hat.
Eine Frau umarmt im Freien einen Mann, der ghnt.
Eine Dame mit grauer Jacke und Jeans sitzt nahe bei einem Mann mit einem langen Mantel.
Eine mnnliche und eine weibliche Person in Sandalen, die an einem Zaun entlang gehen.
Ein Mann angelt von der Anlegestelle aus, es sieht aus, als ob er etwas Groes an der Angel hat.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Anzug redet und gestikuliert mit den Hnden.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann und eine rosa gekleidete Frau lassen sich vor einem See fotografieren.
Ein schwarzer Hund, der durch einen Fluss schwimmt.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und einem blauen Handtuch auf dem Kopf rasiert seinen Bart ab.
Ein lterer Mann versucht herauszufinden, was eine Nhmaschine ist.
Vier Personen in Hten stehen da, um ein Ereignis zu beobachten, zwei davon mit Kameras.
Fnf Personen sitzen im Freien und spielen miteinander Karten.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit dunklen Haaren steht auf einem Rasen und sammelt Pusteblumen.
Drei Mnner mit gelben Hemden arbeiten in einem Freiluftrestaurant.
Studenten und Studentinnen sitzen bei einem Treffen in einem Raum mit einer Lehrkraft, einer der Mnner steht und erklrt etwas.
Drei Hunde rennen auf einer schlammigen Bahn.
Ein vornbergebeugter Mann fegt in einem Keller, der fr sehr kleine Menschen gebaut ist.
Ein Mann wird an einem Flaschenzug vor einem Gebude heruntergelassen.
Leute sitzen in einem Restaurant mit hohen Decken und groen Fenstern, trinken verschiedene Weine und reden miteinander.
Ein Einheimischer auf einem Hocker beschreibt einem Touristen den Weg.
Eine Frau im Jackett steht neben einem Zaun und spielt Hufeisenwerfen.
Eine blau gekleidete Frau mit einem Stock, die auf einem Fass sitzt.
Eine Frau mit rotem Oberteil und weier Schrze arbeitet mit Ton, whrend ein Mdchen zusieht.
Eine Gruppe von Wanderern, die auf einem unbefestigten Weg wandern.
Freunde haben ein Kartenhaus gebaut, bevor es zusammengefallen ist.
Diese Frau in kurzen Hosen hlt ein Mikrofon.
Eine Frau mit schwarzer Jacke sitzt auf einer rotbraunen hlzernen Straenbank.
Eine Person, die neben einer Kuh auf dem Boden liegt.
Eine Person sitzt auf dem Kies und hlt einen schlafenden Hund.
Eine glckliche frisch verheiratete Frau, umgeben von Freunden und Familie, trgt ein Blumenbukett.
Ein lila gekleidetes Kind rennt durch spritzendes Wasser, ein rot gekleideter Mann sieht zu.
Zwei Mnner in einem Raum mit vielen Betten.
Zwei Mnner, die in einem Restaurant in die Kamera lcheln, einer hlt ein Bier hoch.
Drei blonde Frauen blicken in Mikroskope.
Eine rothaarige Frau sitzt vor einem Maschendrahtzaun und ist von zwei Mnnern flankiert.
Ein junges Paar macht eine Schneeballschlacht.
Ein Kind lsst sich mit einem lustigen Jungen am Wasser fotografieren.
Ein Mann mit grauem Hemd und khakifarbenen Hosen sitzt auf einem Campingstuhl.
Eine junge Frau, die vor einem eingezunten Bereich im Schatten entlang geht.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Wagen ber eine unbefestigte Strae.
Zwei Frauen in Laborkitteln betrachten ein an die Wand projiziertes Bild.
Eine blonde Frau in einem rosafarbenen Rollkragenpullover springt mit gelben Bungeeseilen.
Eine Frau in einem senffarbenen Kleid mit einer weien Handtasche geht vor einem Backsteinbau die Strae entlang.
Bauarbeiten im Inneren eines Hauses.
Eine ltere Frau und ein kleiner Junge, der etwas isst, sitzen voneinander abgewandt.
Die beiden sitzenden Mdchen lcheln in die Kamera.
Zwei Kinder, ein Fuball, ein Hund und eine Ziege drauen auf einem Feld.
Ein Hund mit Maulkorb in einer blauen Hundejacke rennt im Hof herum.
Ein Mann umarmt einen Jungen in einem blauen Hemd.
Junge im Schnee zeigt beide Daumen hoch.
Grimmige Tennisspielerin kurz davor, einen Tennisball in der Luft zu schlagen.
Zwei Menschen gehen eine Treppe hinunter.
Das Kind im grnen Hemd sitzt auf einer Maschine mit Rdern.
Ein Mann mit Hut geniet ein Bier.
Die Frau bringt einem weien Hund bei, im Zickzack durch Metallpfosten zu laufen.
Ein Mdchen schaukelt barfu an einem Frhlingsnachmittag hoch auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Polizist entfernt sich von einem Tor mit einem groen schwarz-braunen Hund.
Blonder Hund, der einen Stock im Maul hat, rennt durchs Gras.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Statue.
Ein Mann in der Uniform eines ffentlichen Straenangestellten spritzt Wasser.
Spiegelbilder im Wasser von Menschen auf einer Brcke und einem Kind, das ans Ufer luft.
Die Frau fhrt im Park Skateboard.
Zwei Frauen betrachten Bilder auf einem Computerbildschirm.
Ein rothaariges Mdchen hlt ein niedliches Ziegenbaby.
Ein Kind spielt auf einem roten Roller.
Zwei Kinder, ein Junge und ein Mdchen, laufen ber unbefestigten Boden.
Ein Mensch in roter Badebekleidung mit einer blauen Schwimmbrille schwimmt in einem Becken.
Kind in Drachenkostm auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein mit braunem Mantel und Fliegerkappe gekleideter Mann trgt Einkaufstten und geht auf eine Kreuzung zu.
Zwei Teenagerinnen tragen Kostme bei einer Veranstaltung.
Kind rutscht eine Rutsche runter, whrend anderes Kind zuschaut.
Mann im Anzug luft eine belebte Strae entlang.
Ein Mann geht an einem alten Wohnhaus ohne Farbe vorbei.
Menschen am Bahnhof auf dem Heimweg von der Arbeit.
Zwei Menschen auf einer Bank in einer stdtischen Strae mit einem herzfrmigen Ballon in der Hand.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Mantel und grauer Hose luft eine ruhige Strae entlang.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen spielerisch in einer felsigen Umgebung.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Strandkleid spielt im Sand.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein brauner Hund im Schnee.
Ein Mann mit einem Motorradhelm rastet am Ufer.
Sechs Frauen zeigen ihre Nationalitt ber eine Flagge, die sie halten.
Mehrere Menschen mit weien Masken halten ein Banner und Schilder.
Mehrere mnnliche Soldaten kreisen Frauen mit Fahnen ein, die auf dem Boden sitzen.
Zwei schwarz-weie Hunde kmpfen im Schnee.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem Basketball und einem Spielzeug-Basketballkorb.
Kinder spielen in Wasserbrunnen.
Ein mit einer braunen Jacke und einem grauen Hut bekleideter Mann steht mit geschlossenen Augen in einer Menschenmenge im Freien.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einem Zaun mit einer Platte mit Essen auf seinem Kopf.
Zwei Frauen, die Brille tragen, eine lacht und eine lchelt.
Ein Mann sitzt am Rand eines baumbestandenen Weges.
Zwei Frauen blicken von einer Stufe in einen prachtvollen Wald.
Ein Mdchen steht in einem Geschft neben weiteren Geschften.
Ein Cowboy klammert sich fest, whrend das Pferd unter ihm versucht ihn abzuwerfen.
Der kleine Junge am Schwimmbecken isst einen Apfel.
Ein Wanderer mit Rucksack geht in der Nhe eines Wasserfalls.
Drei Menschen stellen Sthle am Strand auf.
Ein Mann in einem dunkelblauen Poloshirt knipst Fotos auf einem Golfplatz, whrend eine Zuschauermenge im Hintergrund zuschaut.
Ein Schuhputzer arbeitet, whrend andere auf einem belebten Gehweg vorbergehen.
Ein Mensch reitet im Westernstil und das Pferd buckelt.
Schler einer High-School schauen etwas an und machen Fotos.
Ein Junge und ein Mann berqueren einen Fluss auf einem Elefanten.
Weibliche Person mit schwarzer Hose und grnem Hemd beim Joggen.
Motorradfahrer mit Puma-Grteltasche parkt mit ausgeklapptem Mittelstnder auf dem Gehweg.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund mit heraushngender Zunge luft.
Ein Mann, der in einem Stuhl sitzt, lsst sich von anderen Mnnern die Haare waschen und splen.
Kinder spielen auf offener Strae Seilspringen.
Kleiner hellhutiger Junge klettert drauen auf einer befestigten Flche mit Blick auf ein Gewsser durch ein Metallgerst aus Ringen.
Drei Frauen mit Kopftuch schauen etwas an, das sich auerhalb des Bildes befindet.
Tnzer ben gemeinsam Tanzpositionen, einige nutzen dabei zur Erleichterung ein Sicherheitsgelnder.
Der Junge kletter eine Strickleiter hinauf.
Das Mdchen im schwarzen T-Shirt ist mit einem groen braunen Hund drauen.
Mnner trainieren in einem Hinterhof Kampfsport.
Zwei Khe stehen nah beieinander, ein Hund rennt an beiden vorbei.
Zwei Arbeiter bringen eine Plakatwerbung fr ein Sportgeschft an.
Ein blonder Mann in einem schwarzen T-Shirt, von Gemse umgeben ist, spielt Scrabble.
Ein Kamelbaby luft auf eine Frau zu, whrend ein Mann ein Foto macht.
Sitzende Frau in braunem Mantel hlt ein Buch und neigt den Kopf.
Ein Mann geht ber die Strae, whrend es schneit.
Brauner Hund rennt mit offenem Maul und Ohren im Wind.
Der gesprenkelte Hund rennt durch den Sumpf.
Ein Polizist steht an einer Huserecke.
Ein Hund jagt eine Spielzeugente.
Zwei Kinder schauen ngstlich, whrend eine Frau ihnen Orangen-Fruchteis auftut.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Wanderhemd schaut einen schwarzen Schafbock an.
Ein Mensch in einem roten Hemd mht den Rasen mit einem grnen Aufsitzmher.
Ein Baby spielt in der Nhe von einem umgekippten Windeleimer.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm auf dem Kopf hlt die Hand in die Luft und ruft etwas auf hnliche Weise wie die Menschenmenge hinter ihm.
Ein gelber Hund luft einen sandigen Weg hinunter.
Ein braun-weier Hund luft durch Wasser zu einem Spielzeug.
Straenknstler hlt eine Kristallkugel, staunender Zuschauer sieht zu.
Zwei kleine Kinder, eins davon in gestreiftem Oberteil, laufen einen von Farn gesumten Weg hinunter.
Hund rennt ber engen unbefestigten Weg.
Zwei kleine Jungen in blauem Fuballdress waschen sich die Hnde in einem Badezimmer in Erwachsenengre die Hnde und verwenden dafr eine Holztreppe.
Junge im Teenageralter fhrt mit dem Fahrrad ber ein grasbewachsenes Feld.
Eine Frau trgt eine weie Tasche mit rotem Stern und luft auf dem Gehweg.
Mann schippt Schnee auf dem Gehweg, whrend es schneit.
Blondes Mdchen trgt ein violettes Oberteil, eine gelbe Hose sowie verschiedenfarbige Socken und Schuhe.
Menschen stehen auf einem U-Bahnsteig und warten auf ihre U-Bahn.
Zwei kleine Jungen fahren in Spielzeug-Jeep an Erwachsenen vorbei.
Mann steht auf einer Bhne, whrend ihn Menschen anschauen und die Arme schwenken.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund rennt durch den Wald.
Ein rotes Auto hat sich auf einem unbefestigten Weg berschlagen.
Brtiger Mann in weiem Hemd und schwarzen Shorts wandert auf einem Waldweg.
Drei Mdchen stehen unter Regenschirmen vor einer Bhne.
Die braun-weie Dnische Dogge spielt mit zwei gelben Hunden auf dem Rasen.
Die beiden Hunde springen herum.
Brauner Hund mit grn-violettem Hundecape luft ber den Rasen.
Drei Jugendliche sitzen drauen und beschftigen sich mit elektronischen Gerten.
Ein kleiner Junge in orangefarbenem T-Shirt luft lchelnd durch eine Stadtszenerie.
Ein Mann lehnt neben einer Kuh auf einem grasbewachsenen Feld.
Ein Hund, der einen Stock im Maul hat, schwimmt im Wasser.
Ein Mann in Geschftskleidung steht an einer Straenecke.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber einen grasbewachsenen Hgel in der Nhe eines Sees.
Zwei Mnner schauen auf einen anderen Mann herunter, der auf einem unfertigen Gehweg steht.
Fans klettern einen Mast hoch, um einen beesseren Blick zu erhalten.
Die Familie geht im Wald spazieren.
Ein Kind in einer roten Jacke zeigt auf schne orangefarbene Blumen.
Eine Frau und ein Kleinkind essen (picknicken).
Eine belebte Strae und zwei Mnner, die blaue Taschen halten.
Oklahoma-Footballs-Spieler, stehend
Ein Football-Spieler trgt ein Trikot mit der Zahl "4".
Ein Football-Coach hlt ein Headset.
Ein Mann rennt mit dem Ball in der Hand vor dem Schiri ber das Footballfeld.
Ein Football-Coach schaut bei einem Spiel zu.
Die Oklahoma-Sooners-Football-Mannschaft bespricht das Spiel, whrend ihre Fans jubeln.
Zwei Football-Spieler versuchen, einen Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft zu attackieren.
Eine rot gekleidete, lchelnde Tnzerin ist auf dem Footballfeld, hinter ihr Fans auf der Tribne des Stadions.
Ein Quarterback bereitet sich darauf vor, den Football zu werfen.
Ein Football-Spieler von OU spricht mit dem Coach ber das Spiel.
Zwei Cheerleader sitzen bei einem Football-Spiel.
Ein Football-Spieler in einem roten Trikot lsst sein Knie von einem anderen Mann untersuchen
Ein Mann in einem Sooners-Trikot blockt einen Angriffsversuch von UW.
Zwei Football-Spieler versuchen, den Ball gegen einen mglichen Angreifer nach vorn zu bringen.
Der Football-Spieler versucht, seinen Gegenspieler zu berholen.
Der Football-Spieler rennt mit dem Ball in der Hand, ein Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft greift nach seinem Bein.
Ein Pferde-Maskottchen gibt einigen Football-Fans "High five".
Football-Spieler auf dem Feld, ein Sooner versucht einen Spieler zu attackieren.
Eine Menschenmenge steht und jubelt bei einem Football-Spiel.
Ein Mann kickt einen Football, whrend im Hintergrund Fans der gegnerischen Mannschaft zuschauen.
Der Mann im grauen Hemd hat eine blaue Baseballkappe auf.
Auf einem Footballfeld ist ein Spieler in einem roten Trikot und ist hinter ihm das Publikum.
Ein Oklahoma-Spieler wird beim Football-Spielen attackiert.
Die Football-Spieler in Rot versuchen einen Spielzug gegen die Spieler in Violett-Wei-Gold.
Eine Gruppe Mnner spielt ein College-Football-Spiel.
Ein Football-Spieler, der einen goldenen Helm trgt, rennt und hlt dabei einen Football.
Zwei Football-Mannschaften in Aufstellung vor dem Snap.
Zwei Football-Spieler machen einen Spielzug, whrend die andere Mannschaft zuschaut.
Ein Football-Spieler rennt mit einem Ball und wird von der gegnerischen Mannschaft verfolgt.
Die beiden Spieler aus unterschiedlichen Mannschaften sind mitten in einem Football-Spiel, whrend andere zuschauen.
Ein Football-Spieler wird getackelt.
Zwei Football-Spieler attackieren einen Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft.
Ein Sooners-Football-Spieler tackelt einen gegnerischen Spieler.
Ein Football-Spieler in Rot-Wei hlt beide Hnde in die Hhe.
Dre Football-Spieler in roten Trikots sind auf dem Spielfeld.
Der Sooners-Quarterback wartet auf den Snap von seinem Center.
Ein laufendes Football-Spiel.
Ein Football-Spieler wird von einem anderen Spieler aus einer anderen Mannschaft vor einer Menschenmenge von hinten getackelt.
Football-Spieler tackelt einen anderen Spieler bei einem Football-Spiel.
Ein Football-Spieler der Sooners steht vor der gegnerischen Mannschaft und wartet auf den nchsten Spielzug.
Der rot gekleidete Football-Spieler schaut ber das Spielfeld.
Der Football-Spieler in Rot kickt den Ball beim Ansto.
Der Football-Spieler bereitet sich darauf vor, den Ball zu werfen.
Eine Gruppe Football-Spieler steht hinter einem Trainer.
Der Head Coach geht auf das Spielfeld.
Eine Football-Mannschaft beim Stretching vor dem Beginn des Spiels.
Viele Football-Spieler sitzen auf dem Boden.
Ein rot gekleideter Mann macht ein Foto von einem Sportereignis.
Ein Oklahoma-Sooners-Football-Spieler trgt sein Trikot mit der Nummer28.
Ein Mann in einem roten Football-Dress und grauen Handschuhen blickt nach links.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Party-Hut auf dem Kopf lacht.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Outfit steht in einem Raum mit Parkettboden und blickt aus dem Fenster.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist um einen Umzugswagen versammelt.
Ein Mensch springt in die Luft und klammert sich dabei an einer an einem groen Ballon befestigten Schnur fest, whrend andere zuschauen.
Ein frisch gebadeter Hund wird von einer frsorglichen Frau in ein Handtuch gewickelt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Mnteln umarmen sich.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann winkt einem haltenden Bus zu.
Junges Mdchen in Wintermantel springt an einem Strand von einem Fels in den Sand.
Mehrere Menschen warten auf einen Zug.
Ein kleiner weier Hund springt auf der Jagd nach seinem Spielzeug ber den Rcken eines greren Hundes.
Ein Hund in einem blauen Pullover hlt ein gelbes Spielzeug im Maul.
Drei Kleinkinder mit Sonnenhter spielen am Strand am Ufer.
Ein Mdchen tanzt wie ein Mann im Anzug.
Groer Hund mit langem Fell luft in der Nhe groer Felsen durch den Sand.
Menschen spazieren auf einem Weg an einem See entlang.
Ein Mdchen mit einem rosafarbenen gestreiften Hemd geht eine Steintreppe hinauf.
Eine braunhaarige Dame mit rotem und schwarzer Hose steht und blickt sich um.
Menschen drauen im Hof, zwei Kinder steigen eine Leiter zum Baumhaus hinauf.
Ein Mann und ein Mdchen stehen vor einer groen Menschenmenge.
Jngerer Mann in schwarzen Shorts und Tank-Top mit Laufschuhen liegt auf einer Bank im Frauen.
Eine Frau geht neben einer violetten Wand entlang.
Ein junges Mdchen in farbenfroher Kleidung striegelt das gefleckte Pferd.
Die Mitarbeiter eines Gastronomiebetriebs bereiten Essen fr zuschauende Kunden zu.
Zwei junge asiatische Mdchen stehen in einem stdtischen Gebiet und blicken in die Ferne.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen einander vor einer silbernen Wand gegenber.
Ein lterer Herr in gestreiftem Polohemd hlt ein kleines Kind an der Hand.
Ein Baby schlft in seiner Decke.
Ein Mann in einem grnen langrmligen Hemd spielt in einem leeren Vortragssaal Geige.
Der braune Hund rennt im Wasser.
Zwei kleine Babys sitzen in identisch aussehenden Kinderwagen.
Eine alte Dame trgt einen Hut und lchelt.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters repariert ein Teil unter der Motorhaube ihres Autos.
Gruppe von Sngern und Sngerinnen auf der Bhne.
Zwei Mnner mit roten Westen und grnen Hten gltten nassen Zement.
Mnner bei Bauarbeiten auf einer Strae.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Hemd mit gelbem Schutzhelm geht auf einer Strae.
Bauarbeiter sitzt auf einem grnen Traktor.
Ein Traktor mit Schaufelarm wird auf einer Baustelle von einem Fahrer in orangefarbener Weste betrieben.
Zwei kleine Hunde spielen auf dem Rasen.
Eine blonde Dame in pinkfarbenem Hemd singt vor einer Ziegelmauer.
Drei Menschen bereiten auf einem Kchentresen Essen zu.
Ein paar Menschen und Autos an einem regnerischen Tag auf dem tglichen Arbeitsweg.
Ein Mdchen mit Sonnenbrille und Hut sitzt in einem Auto.
Ein Mann steht in einem roten Zimmer, neben ihm sitzt ein anderer Mensch.
Eine Texas-A&M-Tennisspielerin lsst den Tennisball auftitschen.
Zwei Mnner in weien Hemden mit bereinstimmenden Logos berprfen den Motor eines Oldtimer-Cabriolets.
Ein Mann schlgt in seiner Kche auf Tpfe und Pfannen.
Ein Mann mit einer Tasche luft vor einer viereckigen schwarzen getfelten Wand entlang.
Ein kleines Kind auf einem blauen Spielzeug trgt ein orangefarbenes T-Shirt.
Ein Kind auf der Flucht in einer bunten Hpfburg.
Ein nur mit Shorts bekleideter bergewichtiger Mann parkt einen roten Motorroller.
Drei Frauen joggen auf einem Weg.
Neben einem Auto springt ein kleiner Hund zum Gesicht einer Frau, whrend ein anderer Hund zuschaut.
Ein Baby in blauer Ausstattung, dessen linke Hand nicht sichtbar ist, schreit.
Zwei Senioren unterhalten sich auf einer ffentlichen Strae.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einer Vorrichtung in einem stillgelegten Lagergebude.
Vier Mnner schauen zu einem anderen Mann auf, der zu einer Handlung bereit ist.
Ein Mann luft an einem Gebude mit Graffiti vorbei.
Ein junger Mann hlt an und berprft das Bild auf seiner Kamera.
Eine Gruppe junger Asiaten sitzt essend auf einer Treppe und schaut etwas an, das vor ihnen passiert.
Ein kleines Mdchen in weiem Kleid luft.
Eine Frau in einem lederfarbenen oder hellgelben Kleid und Elfenflgeln unterhlt Kinder bei einem Fest.
Drei Mnner sitzen an einem Konferenztisch und trinken Kaffee.
Kind in einem rot-gelben Spielzeugauto.
Frau in orangefarbener Jacke spielt mit einem schwarzen Hund.
Ein Typ macht ein Foto von einem anderen Typen, der vor einem kaputten Fernseher steht.
Ein Fotograf mit rotem Sweatshirt ist in einem Gebude.
Vier Menschen stehen in einem leeren Gebude mit Graffiti auf den Wnden im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke macht Bilder von Graffitis.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke tanzt am Strand um eine Stange herum.
Ein Mann in einem Kilt spielt Dudelsack.
Ein lterer Mann und eine junge Frau lachen gemeinsam am Strand.
Zwei Mnner spielen an einem ffentlichen Ort Akustikgitarre.
Ein Mann steht in einem Teich und spielt mit Wasser.
Zwei nackte Jungen an einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein kleiner brauner Hund mit blauem Halsband luft einen Pfad entlang.
Menschen auf der Reise werden mde.
Zwei ltere Damen sitzen auf einer Bank, whrend hinter ihnen ein Herr an ihnen vorbeigeht.
Ein kleiner Junge albert mit einem Sieb auf dem Kopf herum.
Ein Junge in einem grnen Hemd hlt auf der Strae ein Bild Castros.
Ein Kind steht im Gras und hat die Arme weit ausgestreckt.
Eine junge Frau in kurzen Leggings und einem dnnen grnen Pulli luft bei einem Schneesturm im Freien.
Eine groe Felsformation in der Mitte eines Walds.
Eine Gruppe Menschen mit Getrnken in der Hand steht redend herum.
Frau bohrt ein Loch in einen mit blauen Quadraten bedeckten Stein.
Zwei alte Mnner sitzen vor einem Boot mit dem Namen Cyranka auf einem von Bumen gesumten Fluss.
Ein lchelnder Junge kniet in einem Wald.
Ein Kleinkind spielt Gitarre und tut so, als ob es ein Rockstar wre.
Zwei Frauen mit Fastfood-Getrnken in der Hand lachen.
Ein Mann mit roter Mtze spricht mit einem Mann im schwarzen Hemd und einem Mann im roten Hemd mit kahlrasiertem Schdel.
Drei Mdchen mit groen Handtaschen laufen den Gehweg entlang.
Ein Mann mit einem Kopftuch gestikuliert mit geschlossenen Augen und hlt dabei eine Art Stock.
Eine Besprechung junger Menschen, die an einem Konferenztisch sitzen.
Ein Kind in einem braunen Hoodie macht einen Ollie.
Ein junger Mensch liegt in der Sonne ber einem Hgel und trinkt einen Softdrink.
Eine Frau in Tenniskleidung rennt, um mit ihrem Tennisschlger einen Ball zu schlagen.
Ein kleiner Junge schwingt einen Golfschlger vor einem offenen Feld.
Eine Frau mit blondem Haar lchelt und zieht einen weien Pulli an.
Die nackte Frau taucht im Schwimmbecken unter.
Zwei Mnner tragen einen heien Korb, whrend ein Paar und eine Frau zuschauen.
Ein Mdchen beim Wasserski an einem Herbsttag.
Orchester und Chor bereiten sich vor einer goldenen Statue in einem groen, von Sulen umrahmten Gebude auf ihren Auftritt vor.
Zwei kleine Kinder unter einem blau-gelben Schirm.
Eine Person sitzt mit dem Rcken zu einer Sule, whrend eine andere Person auf einer nahe gelegenen, nach unten fhrenden Treppe sitzt.
Weie Hunde mit schwarzen Abzeichen springen, um einen Gegenstand zu fangen.
Der Junge fhrt auf den Knien die Sparutsche herunter.
Kinder spielen mit Holzkltzen in einem Zimmer mit Blick auf Bume.
Drei schwarze Hunde spielen im Gras.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Robe spricht auf der Strae mit einem anderen Mann mit orangefarbenem Rucksack.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem weien Kleid streitet mit einem anderen Mdchen in einem pfirsichfarben-weien Kleid 
Ein Brille tragender Mann sitzt am Tisch und schaut auf sein i-Phone.
Eine Gruppe Menschen sitzt beiderseits einer roten Steinstruktur.
Zwei braune Hunde stehen zusammen am Ufer eines Sees.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt in ihrem Spielzeughaus mit mehreren Schlafzimmern und einigen weiteren spannenden Orten, die es zu entdecken gibt.
Arbeiter kmmern sich um ein Gebude mit vielen Fenstern.
Ein groer brauner Hund beschnffelt einen kleineren Hund im Kies neben einem Gewsser.
Eine Frau und zwei kleine Jungen posieren am Abendbrottisch fr ein Foto.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit violetter Plschmtze fhrt drauen auf einem Dreirad.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund klettert einen Hgel hinunter.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt in Klappsthlen neben Zgen und einem Gleis.
Ein Hund luft ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann rhrt mit einem Holzspatel Soe in einem Stahlbehlter auf einer Herdplatte.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen um ein grnes Plschtier.
Ein Mann sitzt mit seinem Snowboard neben einer Frau, die mit Skiern auf einem verschneiten Berg steht.
Ein Jugendlicher fhrt Skateboard neben einem Zaun.
Zwei bergewichtige schwarze Frauen in Arbeitskleidung sitzen auf Stufen.
Jemand in Shorts und T-Shirts springt ber weie Sthle.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil steht vor einem Mikrofon und hlt es.
Zwei Kinder spielen in einem Hof mit Nutztieren.
Zwei Mnner in arabischem Gewand stehen in einem Flur.
Eine Gruppe von Schwarzen trgt afrikanische Kleidung und blickt geradeaus.
Ein junger Mann in Jeans und einer Jacke luft eine Strae entlang.
Drei Mnner treten stehend auf einer Bhne auf.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann stehen auf einer Bhne und in der Nhe liegt eine Gitarre auf dem Boden.
Eine junge Frau hlt einen Musikplayer mit Kopfhrern, whrend sie luft.
Zwei Mnner spielen in einem leeren Zimmer Gitarre.
Eine kleine Band tritt vor Menschen in einem Nachtclub auf.
Eine vierkpfige Band spielt auf der Bhne vor einigen Leuten.
Jugendliche feiern und hren dabei ihre iPods.
Vier Menschen, die Schrzen tragen und in jeder Hand einen Krug halten, gieen einander etwas in die Krge.
Eine leicht bekleidete Frau tanzt um einen sitzenden Mann herum.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge sitzen auf dem Boden und das Mdchen macht Seifenblasen.
Ein Mann auf einer Leiter schabt an einer Form an einem Gebude.
Ein Mdchen hat den Kopf durch die Aussparung eines Holz-Piratenschiffs gesteckt und Leute werfen mit Tomaten.
Drei Damen sind zusammen, eine von ihnen hat 2Finger freiliegend.
Mehrere Tnzer in engen schwarzen Hosen und Rcken und bunten Schals tanzen.
Ein Hund rennt und fngt einen Ball.
Mehrere Leute tanzen synchron zusammen.
Eine Gruppe Snger beim Vorsingen auf einer Broadway-Bhne.
Ein Snger singt abends in einem Nachtclub.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen beim Auftritt auf einer Bhne.
Gruppe von Menschen mit weien Hemden und schwarzen Hosen tanzt auf einer Bhne.
Menschen beim Vorspiel auf einer Bhne tanzen.
Eine Reihe schwarz gekleideter Mdchen sitzt auf einer Bhne.
Ein weier Hund luft ber Sand.
Ein Mdchen auf Skiern im Schnee.
Mann liest Zeitung in einem Restaurant im Freien.
Menschen in einer Menge, die offenbar jemandem beim Reden zuhren und mglicherweise an einem Gottesdienst teilnehmen.
Ein Mountainbiker fhrt im Wald.
Das kleine Mdchen hat die Schuhe ausgezogen und spielt.
Ein Hund jagt zwei Gnse.
Ein brauner Hund luft an einem Strand durchs Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt auf einem Karussel.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Shorts und Sandalen werfen Kieselsteine von einem unbefestigten Weg in ein Gewsser.
Zwei Frauen in einem Badezimmer, eine von ihnen hat einen Besen.
Eine Frau von asiatisch aussehender Herkunft in schwarzer Kleidung steht im Gepckbereich am Flughafen.
Das kleine Kind sitzt in einem Park im Gras.
Hier ist ein Bild eines Mannes mit zum Pferdeschwanz gebundenen langen Haaren, der in diesem Nationalpark arbeitet.
Kleiner Junge springt von einem Trampolin in einen See.
Zwei Hunde holen Stcke im Schnee in der Nhe der Baumgrenze.
Ein kleines schwarzes Mdchen trgt ein blaues Bandanatuch und kleine goldene Ohrringe.
Ein Mann steht am Gipfel eines Berges und hat die Hand auf ein Denkmal gelegt.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen Volleyball.
Ein Mann im Anzug steht an einem Pult vor einem Publikum.
Ein wichtiger lterer Mann hlt eine Rede vor Reportern.
Eine Frau in einem weien Tanktop sitzt an einem Tisch mit Margaritaglsern.
Ein Mdchen in einem grauen Hemd wirft die Hnde in die Luft.
Eine Frau isst im Freien eine Mahlzeit und sitzt auf einer Picknickbank.
Eine Mutter hat in einem Restaurant ihr Baby auf dem Scho.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd grbelt ber seinem Getrnk.
Ein Mann und ein Baby sitzen auf einer Decke auf dem Rasen.
Ein Mann mit Bart und einer Brille sitzt und hlt ein kleines Kind.
Ein Mann isst eine Waffel neben einem Baby.
Eine verschwitzte kurzhaarige Frau steht vor einem Mikrofon.
Eine Frau mit Rucksack sitzt auf einem groen Felsen und blickt hinunter ber die Berge.
Ein schnurrbrtiger Mann sitzt und zwei Jungen stehen links und rechts von ihm am Eingang einer Gasse.
Ein kleines Mdchen in pinkfarbenem Hemd springt von einer Schaukel.
Zwei kleine Jungen tragen rote Shorts und gelbe rmellose Hemden.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einem Steinhaufen.
Zwei Fuballspieler strecken sich in einem Stadion voller Menschen nach einem Ball, um zu schieen, whrend andere erwartungsvoll zuschauen.
Mann in Jeans kehrt den schmutzigen Gehsteig.
Ein maskierter Mann in blauem Hemd mit Krawatte hlt Papiere vor sich.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera auf einem Kran.
Eine Haufen Kids klettert, rutscht und spielt auf einem echt coolen Spielplatz.
Ein kleines Mdchen schlgt ein einhndiges Rad neben einem kleinen Garten.
Dieser Mann bt Kickboxen, wobei mindestens ein anderer Mann ebenfalls bt.
Ein Mann in einem Hebekorb stutzt Bume.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt mit Schutzhelm arbeitet mit der Holzzerkleinerungsmaschine.
8 Menschen stehen neben einem Fluss und springen fr die Kamera.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau in einer Jeansjacke schreibt etwas.
Ein Mann springt bei Walmart ber einen Einkaufswagen.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt, um auf einem Feld einen Frisbee zu fangen.
Zwei Fuballspieler jagen dem Ball hinterher; einer versucht die Kontrolle zu behalten, der andere versucht die Kontrolle zu bernehmen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen reden auf einer Betrontreppe im Freien neben Bschen.
Ein neugieriger kleiner Junge beobachtet eine Schlange.
Ein Kleinkind spielt drauen in einem Garten und trgt Jacke und Mtze.
Eine Frau zeigt ihren Teamgeist durch das Tragen einer Mannschaftsjacke.
Ein schwarzer Herr im Anzug singt vor einem Standmikrofon
Zwei Menschen fahren zusammen auf einem schwarzen Motorrad.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd springt durch die Luft und im Hintergrund sind Berge.
Zwei schwarz-braune Hunde laufen ber ein Feld.
Fnf Menschen sitzen in einem ffentlichen Verkehrsmittel, hchstwahrscheinlich einem Zug.
Schnurrbrtiger Mann in blauem Flanellhemd mit braunem Baltimore-Ravens-Hut lchelt.
Ein Skateboardfahrer mit einem roten Karohemd vollfhrt ein Kunststck von einer Betonrampe aus.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart grillt Hamburger im Freien.
Ein Junge mit einem Helm auf dem Kopf fhrt auf dem Dreirad einen grasbewachsenen Kiesweg neben einem Zaun entlang.
Vier kleine Kinder spielen Fuball im Park.
Zwei kleine Kinder in rotem Fuballdress haben Spa beim Spielen.
Kleine Jungen spielen drauen Fuball.
Ein kleines Kind in rotem Fuballdress sprintet unter dem aufmerksamen Blick seines Vaters.
Zwei jungen in rotem Dress spielen Fuball.
Ein kleiner Junge in rotem Fuballdress steht neben einem Fuballnetz.
Ein kleiner Junge mit gebrochenem Arm schlft in einem Krankenhausbett.
Eine Gruppe Menschen versammelt sich fr ein Foto, whrend eine Frau auf einem Poller das Foto schiet.
Ein Schler bearbeitet mit einem alten Hobel in einer Werkstatt Holz.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten mit einer Maschine in einer Holzwerkstatt.
Ein Handwerker zersgt ein Holzbrett.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Hose und blauem Sweatshirt macht ein Gelnder aus Holz.
Ein Mann in Jeans und Sweatshirt arbeitet.
Ein lterer Mensch sitzt und malt eine Kopie eines Gemldes an der Wand.
Ein brauner Hund jagt ein gelbes Spielzeug.
Ein Mann in roter Jacke fhrt mit dem Fahrrad die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit Gehrschutz bearbeitet Holz.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbenen Gehrschutz schneidet einen Holzblock mit einer Kettensge.
Ein Mann arbeitet am Bau der Treppe in einem Gebude.
Ein Mann spielt akustische Gitarre auf einem karierten Bett, auf dem drei andere sitzen.
Ein Geschft macht einen Bcherverkauf.
Eine Frau fhrt Auto und auf der Rckbank sitzen zwei Hunde.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt im Hof.
Zwei Frauen sitzen bei einer Party und trinken aus groen Bierglsern.
Einige Menschen lcheln einander zu beim Bier.
Ein junger Mann in einem gelben Hemd und Baseballhelm schwingt einen Schlger.
Mann schneidet ein Stck Fleisch mit Messer und Gabel.
Eine Frau bezeichnet an einem Schreibtisch ein Papier mit einem Lineal.
Ein Hund schlngelt sich durch einen Hindernisparcours.
Mnner stehen in einem Raum mit einer stoffbespannten Decke und Klappsthlen herum und reden miteinander.
Eine Gruppe Mnner tanzt drauen.
Eine Menge sprlich bekleideter Menschen bei einem Outdoor-Festival.
Eine Gruppe Kinder im Fuballdress jagt auf einer Wiese hinter einem Fuball nach.
Ein Hund steht auf zwei Beinen und hlt etwas im Maul.
Eine Frau mit kurzem dunklem Haar hlt ein Glas.
Ein Junge hlt einen rot-weien Ballon bei einer Party in einem Gebude.
Vier Hunde springen ber ein Hindernis.
Der weie Hund luft auf einem Hindernisparcours durch weie Pfosten.
Ein brauner Hund mit rotem Halsband springt in den Schnee.
Snger und Gitarrist einer Musikgruppe spielen zusammen auf der Bhnenmitte inmitten einer beeindruckenden Lichtshow.
Eine Band spielt Instrumente fr eine kleine Zuschauermenge.
Ein Haufen Leute steht oder sitzt in einem verschneiten Dorf.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt im Gras nach einem Frisbee.
Ein kleines Streichorchester spielt in einer Kirche, in der ein Publikum zuschaut.
Zwei Mnner spielen beide Geige.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd und in roter Hose liegt auf einem Gehweg.
Eine junge Dame liegt auf dem Boden neben Wasser und entspannt beim Lesen eines Buchs.
Zwei junge Mnner und zwei junge Frauen warten auf einer Strae in Japan auf einen Bus.
Eine Dame sitzt auf dem Boden und packt einen Koffer.
Menschen und mehrere Hunde in einem Schwimmbecken in einer parkartigen Umgebung.
Ein Hund luft mit der Nase zum Boden ber eine Wiese.
Ein mnnlicher Straenknstler jongliert mithilfe von zwei Stcken mit einem Messingring, whrend ein Paar und ein mnnlicher Passant zuschauen.
Eine als Engel gekleidete Frau verteilt Werbezettel.
Als Engel gekleidete Menschen laufen eine Strae hinunter.
Eine Frau reicht einem mit einem weiem Umhang bekleideten Straenknstler etwas.
Ein als Engel gekleideter Mann hlt eine andere Person, die auch als Engel gekleidet ist und einem Passanten ein Stck Papier reicht.
Zwei Mnner in Engelskostmen springen neben einer Frau auf Krcken.
Eine wei gekleidete junge Frau mit Engelsflgeln balanciert einen Kegel, whrend ein Mann mit einer Clowsnase einen Kegel fngt.
Frau in blauer Jacke und mit orangefarbenem Schal hlt fr Zuschauer Literatur hoch.
Ein kleines Mdchen in gestreiftem Hemd isst eine Eiswaffel mit Streuseln darauf.
Zwei braune Hunde beien einander.
Ein Baby guckt ber den oberen Rand eines blauen Laufstalls.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd steht mit den Hnden auf der Hfte.
Am Strand stiehlt eine barfige Frau in einem schwarzen Rock einem Mann in grnen Shorts den roten Ball.
Ein Mann in einem weien Anzug geht auf Stelzen.
Fnf berwiegend in Wei gekleidete Menschen springen auf dem Gehsteig in der Stadt.
Eine als Engel gekleidete Dame spielt mit Kindern.
In einem Einkaufszentrum unterhalten drei Frauen in weien Engelskostmen ein kleines Mdchen in schwarzem Outfit.
Mehrere Menschen mit Namensschildern sitzen auf blauen Sthlen im Theaterstil.
Drei Erwachsene sitzen vorne in einem Klassenraum whrend eine Frau hinter einem Schreibtisch steht.
Ein Mann in einem Sakko spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Irgendein Gremium sitzt an einem Tisch und schaut aufmerksam zum Publikum.
Mdchen ksst einen Schmetterling, der auf ihrer Hand sitzt.
Einige Menschen sitzen in einem Wasserbecken neben dem Fluss.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut kniet und macht ein Foto.
Die Dame in aquamarinfarbenem Hemd und Bluejeans sitzt auf einer weien Bank.
Drei Mnner waten ans Meeresufer.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in hnlicher Kleidung reist mit dem Rucksack durchs Land.
Ein langhaariger Mann surft auf einer groen Welle.
Drei Mnner, einer in einem blauen Hemd, einer in einem gestreiften Hemd und einer in einem weien Hemd, reden.
Ein junger Mann spielt Flgel, whrend andere in der Nhe schwatzen.
Ein Mdchen fliegt durch die Luft, whrend ein Mann mit ausgestreckten Armen dasteht.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt von einer Barriere.
Ein Rocker in einem Hemd mit Blumenmuster und Schlips hlt einen Drumstick neben einem Drummer mit freiem Oberkrper.
Ein Mann mit Stock auf der Wiese mit zwei Hunden.
Eine ltere weihaarige Dame und eine Bulldogge sitzen auf einem Baumstumpf.
Ein brauner Hund mit heraushngender Zunge springt ber einen Baumstamm.
Ein Mdchen fhrt auf einem Rondell, dass sich in der Luft im Kreis dreht.
Ein Mann mit Brille betet mit zwei anderen Mnnern.
Zwei Hunde mit goldenem Fell kauen ein weies Kissen auf einer Holzveranda.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen um ein Stck Stoff.
Ein Mensch in schwarz-roter Schutzkleidung fhrt ein Gelndefahrzeug auf einer Piste.
Ein kleines Kind in Bluejeans rutscht eine blaue Rutsche hinunter.
Drei Frauen, zwei davon mit Tattoos, laufen die Strae entlang.
Die Hunde rennen im Park.
Ein Baseballteam in blauen Trikots luft gemeinsam auf dem Feld.
Ein Mensch im Rollstuhl auf einem Gehsteig.
Zwei Mnner sprechen mit einem anderen Typen mit grner Kappe, whrend im Hintergrund ein anderer Mann auf einer Bank schlft.
Ein Mann in brauner Kleidung schwingt einen Golfschlger nach einem Golfball.
Ein Kind rutscht eine Rutsche hinunter ins Wasser.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen laufen Arm in Arm ber das grne Gras.
Ein Mann wirft Frisbees in die Luft und der Bordercollie fngt sie in der Luft.
Ein lterer Mann spielt in einer Bar Geige.
Eine Frau spielt Gitarre vor einem Baum.
Mann und springender Hund spielen bei einem Event im Freien Frisbee vor Publikum.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann zieht an einem Seil, das an einem Boot befestigt ist.
Ein Mann hockt und hlt sich an seinem Hund fest.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und Jeans steht an einem Mikrofon und hlt eine Gitarre.
Ein Turner schwingt an Ringen.
Ein kleiner Junge hat Malerkrepp ums Bein gewickelt, sein Bruder trgt einen Supermann-Umhang.
Ein Hund springt von einer Holzveranda.
Ein Reiter auf einem weien Pferd mitten beim Sprung ber ein Hindernis.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein weier Hund spielen auf der Strae.
Die Dame trgt vor dem Spiegel farbigen Lippenstift auf ihre Lippen auf.
Der Mann im roten Hemd springt in die Luft.
Zwei Menschen gehen einen Weg hinunter, der durch einen Wald mit einem riesigen Wasserfall fhrt.
Sicht von oben auf einen Verkufer, der Wsche und Kleidung verkauft.
Eine Frau macht Kugeln aus Pappmach, whrend ihr Freund faulenzt!
Mnner in traditioneller deutscher Tracht heben Bierkrge.
Ein weier Hund folgt einem schwarzen Hund durch Grasgebiet.
Zwei Mdchen rennen durch das Becken, whrend ber ihnen Wasser sprht.
Das Mdchen im hellroten Outfit springt ber den Weg.
Ein Mann schaut auf einem Bauernmakrt durch Erzeugnisse.
Eine Frau in pinkfarbenem Schal, violettem Sweatshirt und grnem Hemd hlt zwei Jungen, beide in gestreiften Hemden, und spaziert in einem Stadtpark.
Zwei Frauen stehen drauen mit einem kleinen Mdchen.
Eine Frau hlt einen Fisch hoch, der mit ihrer Angelrute verbunden ist.
Radmannschaft steht in sonniger tropischer Gegend herum.
Ein asiatischer Mann tritt auf einer mit vielen Lichtern dekorierten Bhne auf.
Ein Typ entspannt mit Sonnenbrille in einem Clubsessel.
Ein kleiner Junge schaukelt auf einer Schaukel und hat ein breites Lcheln im Gesicht.
Kleines Mdchen steht auf einem Fu auf einem Felsen, ihr Haar weht im Wind.
Ein Mdchen in Sportoutfit balanciert einen Fuball auf dem Kopf.
Irgendein Typ mampft bei einem Treffen.
Eine Frau jongliert an einem ffentlichen Ort und trgt dabei ein Engelskostm.
Ein Mann lchelt einem als Engel verkleideten Straenknstler zu.
Ein Kleinkind sitzt im Bad und spielt mit einem gelben Spielzeug und einem Spielzeugdinosaurier.
Eine Person in blauer Jacke kehrt auf nassen Steinen.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Schleife im Haar bohrt in der Nase.
Die Mdchen, alle in Wei gekleidet, jonglieren in einem Hof mit Stcken.
Ein alter Mann mit blondem Haar ineinem blauen Hemd und braunem Hut spielt Akkordeon.
Ein Hund versucht ber einen Drahtzaun zu springen und hat dabei etwas im Maul.
Ein Mann mit Maske steht auf einer Leiter und hlt gelbes Maband.
Menschen arbeiten zusammen um eine Deckenpaneele zu befestigen.
Ein Mann auf einem Boot schiebt mit einer langen Stange ein anderes Boot weg.
Eine Person klettert auf einen groen Felsen, eine andere Person am Boden hilft.
Eine Band spielt vor Publikum bei einem Euro-Jazz-Konzert.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund steht auf einem Balken ber dem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit Bart steht vor einem Gebrauchtreifengeschft.
Drei kleine afrikanische Kinder in einem armen Teil Afrikas, ein Kind fhrt Fahrrad.
Ein Junge in Surferhemd schaukelt auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Erwachsene und drei Kinder spielen drauen und haben Spa.
Ein Mann hlt ein kleines Mdchen, das einen gestreiften Hut trgt.
Jungen ziehen einen Affen im afrikanischen Flachland.
Ein Mann mit Glatzenansatz, Brille und hellbrauner Anzugjacke befingert mit der linken Hand die Saiten in einem Klavier.
Ein Mann ist von einem groen weien Bullen in eine Schlammgrube gefallen.
Der Mann in Blau posiert neben seinem Auto fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann watet in einem Fluss.
Ein kleines Kind steht auf einem Felsen neben einem Gewsser und hat die Arme ausgebreitet.
Ein Junge steht mit einem bunten Ball auf einem Fuballfeld.
Ein groer schwarz-weier Hund rennt sehr schnell durchs Gras.
Ein hellbrauner Hund hpft durchs Gras.
Eine Frau in T-Shirt und Rock lehnt sich bei dem Versuch, einen groen schwarzen Ball zu werfen, nach vorn.
Eine Frau mit dickem lockigem blondem Haar sitzt drauen an einem Tisch.
Orange gekleidete Arbeiter reien mit ihren schweren Fahrzeugen eine Betonkonstruktion ein.
Ein Mann und zwei Jungen hpfen auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Mann mit Bart in Kapitnsanzug und daneben ein Fahrrad.
Ein gelber Hund springt von einer Veranda.
Drei Menschen stehen in einer Gruppe im Park zusammen und ein Mann liest im Park.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen auf einem Boot.
Die drei Jungen in Schwimmwesten schauen ins Wasser.
Ein Kind versucht, einen groen Felsen hochzuklettern.
Ein jugendlicher Baseballspieler in grn-gelbem Trikot springt nach dem Ball.
Ein Mdchen trainiert ihre weien Hunde mit Leckerlis.
Ein afroamerikanisches Mdchen hat gerade von einer Familie aus den USA, die das Mdchen adoptiert hat, eine Puppe bekommen.
Auf dem Bild sind vier kleine Kinder in Hosen und Hemden zu sehen, die im Zimmer faulenzen.
Eine Person wandert im Schnee mit einem Hund einen Berg hinauf.
Ein Junge springt in das blaue Poolwasser.
Fnf Jungen sitzen auf einem grauen Flo auf dem See.
Ein Mann arbeitet auf Hhe des 2. Stocks an einem Gebude.
Ein Mann in blauer Weste sitzt mit einer Farbdose drauen vor einem Fenster.
Der Mann mit dem Rucksack schaut nach links.
Mdchen rennt mit einem braunen und einem weien Hund ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kaufen in seinem Stadtzentrum gemeinsam ein.
Ein kleiner Junge kniet nieder und bereitet sich auf einen Basketballwurf vor.
Menschen stehen vor einem Schild mit der Aufschrift "The Deep End".
Ein junger Pitcher in braunem Hemd und mit Mtze hat gerade einen Pitch geworfen.
Ein Mann in Tarnkleidung auf allen Vieren.
Ein Chelsea-Fuballspieler (Frank Lampard) und ein Liverpool-Fuballspieler versuchen beide, an den Ball zu kommen, whrend der Schiedsrichter im Hintergrund zuschaut.
Ein Typ mit Brille arbeitet in seinem Bro an einem Computer.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd versucht zu springen, um einen Griff in einer bergigen Ecke zu erwischen.
Vier Mnner ziehen eine Kanone auf einem Wagen.
Einde Dame wirft einen Gegenstand auf ein Ziel, um bei einem Jahrmarkt einen Preis zu gewinnen.
Zwei Hunde spielen im Sand.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einem Dock und schauen und zeigen auf Boote.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbenen Stiefeln steht mit ein paar anderen Menschen zusammen.
Ein Wachmann steht vor einem asiatisch aussehenden Gebude.
Spa bei einer Parade an einem heien Sommertag.
Mensch steht mit einem Ruder in der Hand neben einem gelben Boot im Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge schaufelt Sand in eine Form.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit brauner Schnauze schwimmt im Wasser.
Zwei Frauen sitzen einander gegenber, die eine schaut aus dem Fenster und die andere liest ein Buch.
Verschwommenes Bild eines kleinen Jungen, der von einem anderen Jungen in einem Wagen geschoben wird.
Ein schwarzer und ein hellbrauner Hund.
Ein Kleinkind auf den Schultern seines Papas.
Zwei Frauen schauen in einen Glaskasten.
Zwei Fuballspieler jagen dem Ball nach.
Sechs Kinder rennen ber eine von Bumen umgebene Blumenwiese.
Ein Mann malt Wrter auf die Vorderseite eines Verkaufsstands.
Zwei Kinder klettern auf Ketten, die zwischen zwei Holzpfhlen aufgehngt sind.
Eine ltere Person mit Brille in einem bergroen grauen Mantel sitzt vor einem Hauseingang.
Eine Frau in weier Kleidung sitzt auf der Strae.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem Fahrrad, whrend im Hintergrund Menschen etwas bei einem Straenhndler auswhlen.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem ungewhnlichen Fahrrad an einem Feuerwehrauto vorbei.
Ein Mann springt nach einer Frisbee, whrend ein Mann und eine Frau auf ihn zulaufen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen hlt ein Schild mit der Aufschrift "Maritime workers say stop black deaths in custody".
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein brauner Hund mit einem Stock im Maul rennen ber die Wiese.
Eine Vierergruppe wandert durch einen verschneiten Wald.
Eine Frau und ein Hund, beide mit dem Hintern zur Kamera.
Ein Junge macht Seifenblasen.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht Seifenblasen durch einen gelben Reifen.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einer Plakatwand.
Eine Spielerin ist beim Frauen-Volleyball auf den harten Courtboden gefallen.
Gesponsertes Volleyballturnier in einem spanischsprachigen Land.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd und mit einem Kaffee in der Hand geht auf dem Gehsteig.
Zwei kleine Jungen halten fr die Kamera ihre Schalen mit Essen hoch.
Zwei Mnner, einer in schwarzem Hemd und der andere in weiem Hemd, treten nacheinander, ohne sich zu berhren.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt am Strand im Sand.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper lacht seinem Freund zu, der mit einem Getrnk in der Hand fr ein Foto posiert.
Ein Polizist steht vor einem Eingang.
Ein hellbrauner Windhund trgt ein goldenes Trikot mit einer Nummer darauf und rennt eine Piste entlang.
Eine Frau steht auf einer Blumenwiese.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem Fuball auf einer groen Grasflche, whrend zwei andere zuschauen.
Rothaarige Frau sitzt an einem craftzine-Tisch und beantwortet Fragen.
Ein Mann in einem rot-weien Hemd und blauen Shorts springt, um mit dem Schlger einen Tennisball zu treffen.
Vier Menschen spielen ein Spiel im Gras.
Ein Mann im Kilt teilt Snacks mit seinen Kindern.
Viele Kinder spielen drauen im Gras und ben Boxschlge.
Ein Junge in blauem Hemd auf einem Schlammhgel.
Essen und Getrnke auf einem japanischen Markt.
Ein kleines Kind spielt drauen mit einem bunten Spielzeug.
Ein Mdchen mit einer weien Mtze springt beim Tennisspielen.
Bei irgendeinem Groereignis mit Sitzpublikum machen ein Mann und ein Kind seltsame Posen.
Eine ltere Frau macht in ihrer Kche Tee.
Zwei Mdchen machen auf dem Spielplatz einer Schule eine Kissenschlacht.
Ein kleines Mdchen klettert eine Felswand hoch.
Ein kleiner Junge in schwarzem Hemd liegt ber Steinen und hat die Hand in den Schlamm gesteckt.
Ein paar Leute kmpfen sich durch eine Schlammgrube.
Ein Mann in Badehose springt in einen von einer Abschirmung umgebenen Pool.
Ein Mdchen sitzt in einem weien Zimmer auf einem Stuhl.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Holzstuhl vor einem weien Bcherregal und einer orangefarbenen Lampe.
Viele Motorradfahrer fahren auf der Strae.
Ein Mensch mit einer Angelrute vor einem bewlkten blauen Himmel ist von hinten beleuchtet.
Ein Mann hlt einen Fisch hoch, den er gerade gefangen hat.
Ein Mann duckt sich zwischen den roten Tulpen auf einer Blumenwiese.
Ein kleines Kind mit blauen Sandalen fhrt nahe dem Strand auf einem Motorroller.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge rennt mit einem wei-grauen Hund ber das grne Gras.
Ein kleiner Junge ist in einem Badezimmer und hlt einen grnen Ball.
Vater und Sohn fliegen einen roten Drachen.
Ein Mann auf dem Meer.
Ein kleiner Junge in roten Crocs und mit Helm hngt an einer Kletterwand.
Drei Menschen sind versammelt und binden Stcke oder Gestrpp.
Ein Mann mit Baseballkappe beteiligt sich an einem Protest gegen Razzien der Einwanderungsbehrde ICE vor der Stonehurst Elementary School.
Ein paar Leute sitzen um ein Feuer herum und trinken.
Ein kleiner Junge mit rtlichem Haar und grauen Augen streckt die Zunge heraus.
Ein Mann in der Wildnis trgt Holz.
Mensch auf einem Wakeboard in der Luft.
Menschen praktizieren Kampfsport in einem bungssaal.
Zwei Mdchen in Karateanzgen kmpfen in einem Dojo.
Ein Mann beim Skysurfing auf dem Wasser.
Zwei Mdchenmannschaften auf dem Spielfeld bereiten sich auf das Fuballspiel vor.
Ein Mdchen in rot-wei-blauem Fuballdress spielt Fuball.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd und Anzughose sitzt unter einem steinernen Torbogen.
Der Mensch hlt vor dem Gesicht ein Bild hoch.
Vier Menschen sitzen um einen Fernseher herum und spielen ein Videospiel.
Zwei Mnner in lnderspezifischen Uniformen schauen einander an.
Zwei Mnner mit Brten, die einander sehr hnlich sehen, streiten sich um eine Waffel.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen rmellosen Hemd ttigt Bauarbeiten.
Ein Mann in dunklem Tanktop hlt eine Eisenstange und schaut nach rechts.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Tanktop raucht.
Bei einem Fuballspiel stt ein Mdchen in rot-gestreiftem T-Shirt mit einem Mdchen in weiem T-Shirt zusammen.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd lernt, wie man eine Klippe hochklettert.
Buddhistischer Mann mit Brille sitzt an einem ppig dekorierten Schreibtisch in einem farbenfrohen Bro und winkt mit einer Pfauenfeder.
Eine Frau hlt einen kleinen Ball und rennt hinter einem kleinen Jungen her.
Ein blonder Hund luft einen Weg neben einem Rhododendron entlang.
Der Mann ist bei der Arbeit oder im Unterricht eingeschlafen.
Drei Menschen schwimmen im Wasser und ein Mensch auf dem Sand luft ins Wasser.
Ein Hindi-Mann sitzt an einem Tisch mit einer Glocke und schaut Gegenstnde an.
Blondes Mdchen sitzt am Straenrand und lchelt.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Hafen und schaut ins Wasser.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einer Felswand und schaut auf ihr Handy.
Kleiner Junge kickt pinkfarbenen Fuball auf einem Basketballfeld.
Eine Frau mit einem Schal steht neben dem Wasser und blickt nach unten.
Ein stmmiger Mann in schwarz-weiem Poloshirt dehnt sich auf Kunststoffrohren.
Ein Mensch fliegt mit einem gelben Fallschirm ber ein grnes Gebude.
Kinder spielen mit kaputter Broausstattung.
Drei Mnner gieen Beton aus einem Betonmischlaster.
Bauarbeiter in Orange arbeiten an einer Strae.
Ein Mann in einem hellen Hemd klettert eine Felsklippe hoch.
Weihaariger Mann blickt auf einen Metallstab.
Ein Mann liegt unter einem groen moosigen Stein im Wald.
Ein schwarzer Hund planscht im Wasser.
Ein Bauarbeiter mit weiem Helm auf dem Kopf und einem Tribaltattoo auf dem rechten Arm arbeitet in einer nach vorn gebeugten Stellung.
Nahaufnahme von tanzendem kleinem Mdchen.
Ein brauner Hund luft durch einen Teich.
Dame in blauem Hemd scheint glcklich ber das Papier, das sie hlt.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen lacht, whrend die Frau mit dem blauen Oberteil ein grnes Blatt Papier hlt.
Ein Snger singt, damit Menschen zuhren.
Die sechs Kids im Schatten eines belaubten grnen Baumes.
Ein gelber Hund luft ber einen Bergweg.
Ein kleiner Junge betrachtet ein Riesenrad, das sich dreht.
Ein kleines barfiges Mdchen mit roter Sonnenbrille spielt in einer Sple.
Zwei Kinder teilen einen Raum, der es ihnen ermglicht, ihre individuellen Ansprche so weit wie mglich zu erfllen.
Ein Steinbildhauer bearbeitet einen Stein.
Ein Mann bei Sonnenuntergang beim Bergsteigen.
Ein Kind mit einem schwarzen Hut und blauen Hemd steht hinter einem Holzpfahl.
Das kleine Kind steht in einer Kampfsportstellung.
Zwei Schiffe werden einen ruhigen Fluss hinunter gelenkt.
Zwei Menschen in einem Boot paddeln an groen Bumen vorbei.
Ein Sportruderboot auf einem See.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen in den Wellen am Strand.
Ein Mensch springt in einer Gegend mit Steinen und Bumen.
Ein mnnlicher Teenager rennt ber den unbefestigten Boden neben einem Haus auf dem Land.
Menschen bei einer Art Mittelalterfest.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Sweatshirts auf einem Spielplatz.
Zwei Menschen sitzen auf einem Baumstumpfe neben einem Strom.
Frauen in weien Kleidern gehen in Begleitung von Mnnern im Smoking in eine Kirche.
Diese Menschen entspannen sich im hohen Gras.
Kleiner Junge greift nach einer blauen Stange im Spielbereich, im Hintergrund ist ein anderes Kind.
Zwei Hippies spielen Musik im Hof, einer hat sogar blaue Haare.
Ein Mann befrdert Steine aus einer Schubkarre.
Ein Mann mit einer grnen Bowlingkugel in der Hand steht bei der Ballrckgabe auf einer Bowlingbahn.
Zwei Kinder auf Dreirdern fahren an einem pinkfarbenen Banner vorbei.
Eine Frau in Rot sitzt am Rand eines steilen Felsens.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, sowohl Erwachsene als auch Kinder, stehen um ein paar Schafe herum.
Ein Mann joggt bei einem Marathon.
Zwei Kerle knien am Boden und machen eine Handbewegung Richtung Himmel.
Eine Band spielt in einer Kneipenumgebung.
Vier Cowboys sitzen in der Mitte einer Rodeo-Arena an einem Tisch und trinken Jack Daniels.
Ein kleines Mdchen in gestreiftem Hemd in einem Restaurant lchelt.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd durchtrennt vornbergebeugt Steine mit einer Sge.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen lesen gemeinsam ein Buch.
Eine Frau webt mit einem Kamm in der Hand.
Ein Maler auf einer Leiter malt die Ziegelfassade blau an.
Die blonde Frau hockt in einem Feld mit pinkfarbenen Tulpen neben einer Wiese und Bumen.
Drei schlanke Windhunde mit Nummern rennen ber eine Piste.
Ein Mann fhrt Gokart auf der Gokartbahn.
Ein kleiner Sigkeitenverkufer verkauft nachts in einem Zelt.
Ein Mann vollbringt ein krperliches Kunststck, whrend Menschen vorbeilaufen und seiner Darbietung zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen sitzt redend zusammen.
Vier junge Kids lassen sich fotografieren, whrend sie mitten in der Luft sind.
Zwei Mdchen waschen einen mit Seife bedeckten Boden.
Ein Junge in rotem Hemd steht auf einem Kunststoffgegenstand und hlt eine gelbe Spielzeugschaufel.
Ein kleines Kind jagt Wasserspritzer in einem Brunnen.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd, schwarzer Hose und weien Socken in einem Urlaubshotelzimmer ist in die gesprungen, um auf seinem Bett zu landen.
Ein Mann schlft auf einem Klappstuhl auf einem Gehweg.
Der oder die gelb gekleidete Flugbegleiter_in zeigt, wie die Rettungswesten verwendet werden,
Zwei kleine Mdchen halten sich an den Hnden und laufen bei Sonnenuntergang einen Weg entlang.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut bei einem Baseballspiel zu, bei dem es ein Mann zur Base geschafft hat, whrend ein anderer versucht, den Ball zu fangen.
Ein groer Hund rennt im Gras.
Ein Mann mit Baseballcap sitzt auf einer schwarz-gelb gestrichenen Wand.
Drei schwarze Mdchen tragen weie Hemden und lcheln.
Ein Kind in einer Jacke sitzt im Gras.
Mehrere Mnner stehen hinter einem Gelnder zusammen.
Ein lterer Mann mit schtter werdendem Haar in einer orangefarbenen reflektierenden Weste sitzt in einer Arbeitsumgebung an einem Computer.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad fhrt um eine Ecke.
Ein Mann in blauer Weste und brauner Hose wandert einen Berg hoch.
Die Hunde versuchen, einen groen blauen Ball zu beien.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd und eine Frau in khakifarbenem Hemd stehen und reden.
Ein schwarzer Hund schttelt Wasser von seinem Krper.
Das kleines Mdchen trgt ein wei T-Shirt mit einem Peace-Zeichen und ein grnes Rschen-Tutu.
Ein Mann in Seattle hlt ein Schild hoch und bettelt um Geld.
Zwei Freunde laufen die Strae entlang und unterhalten sich lebhaft.
Drei Mnner arbeiten in einem Heimwerkerprojekt.
Eine Frau auf dem Weg zur Arbeit vor einer Urlauber-Familie.
Ein Hund rennt am Strand.
Ein Mann in Jeans und einem roten Karohemd steht in einer Telefonzelle.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen auf einem Gehsteig und eine Frau mit Putzzeug.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf dem Gehsteig mit Einkaufswagen, in denen ihr Hab und Gut ist.
Ein mittelgroer brauner Hund springt.
Ein Paar Hnde bei einer Arbeit.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in einem modern aussehenden informellen Restaurant.
Von diesem Blickwinkel aus sieht man das Muster der Bodenkacheln in diesem Restaurant sehr gut.
Ein Kind luft ber einen kreidebedeckten Gehsteig.
Zwei weie Hunde rennen zusammen im Gras.
Zwei Kinder laufen einen Weg im Wald entlang.
Eine mit Jeansjacke und schwarzen Stiefeln bekleidete Frau schlft auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau in einem weien Zimmer ist im Begriff zu essen.
Die zwei Frauen in der Mitte halten rote Dosen.
Ein Vortrag fr eine Gruppe von Frauen.
Zwei Frauen stehen vor einen Menschenmenge und beschriften ein Papier.
Drei Frauen betrachten einen Gegenstand auf einer Couch.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einem Pier neben einem blaugrnen Wasserfahrzeug.
Eine Parodie-Dragqueen tanzt auf einer Musikbhne.
Zwei Cheerleaderinnen jubeln, whrend sie von mnnlichen Cheerleadern in die Luft gehoben werden.
Ein Mann mit einer Flasche in der Hand steht ber einem Grill.
Eine Frau verkauft auf einem Markt im Freien ihre Waren auf Decken auf dem Boden, hinter ihr ist eine Steinmauer.
Ein Hund schwimmt in einem Teich.
Ein brauner Hund beschnffelt einen weien Hund, der auf dem Boden liegt.
Ein Mann in einem marineblauen Sweatshirt fhrt bei der Arbeit.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad fhrt auf der Rennstrecke nur auf dem Hinterrad.
Zwei dnne Hunde laufen schnell durch hohes trockenes Gras.
Eine braunhaarige Dame lchelt vor Bumen in die Kamera.
Ein alter Mann rumt auf der Strae Mll auf.
Ein Mann in einer Sicherheitsweste fegt an einem Veranstaltungsort im Freien Mll zusammen.
Ein Mann sitzt im Restaurant an einem Tisch.
Ein Mdchen im Teenageralter mit kurzen braunen Haaren strickt mit dicken Nadeln und grauem Garn
Ein Mann wirft einen Stock fr seinen schwarz-hellbraunen Hund.
Schwarzes Kid in schwarzen Shorts lsst an einem Strand in der Nhe vom Wasser einen Fuball vom Kopf abprallen, ein anderer Mann schaut ihm zu.
Drei Mnner arbeiten zusammen auf einem Feld.
Ein Kind mit einem roten Augenschutz streckt die Hand aus, um eine sehr groe Blase zu berhren.
Ein Mensch luft auf einer belebten Strae und trgt dabei einen Rucksack.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Kleid mit flachen Schuhen hlt ihren Kopf, whrend sie darauf wartet, die Strae zu berqueren.
Drei Kinder auf einer lilafarbenen Bank schneiden Grimassen.
Eine Mutter spielt mit ihren beiden Kindern auf einer Wippe.
Ein Mann springt in einem belebten Park mit dem Skateboard von einer Rampe.
Ein kleiner Junge trgt ein Reifengummi auf einer unbefestigten Strae.
Ein Mann macht einen Chipsatz unter dem Mikroskop.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern posiert fr ein Foto im Freien vor einem Wohnwagen.
Ein braun-schwarzer Bulle rennt vor einem kleinen schwarzen Hund davon.
Ein Mann macht mit einem Fahrrad Kunststcke auf einer Rampe, whrend in der Nhe ein Publikum zuschaut.
rtlicher Verkufer in der Stadt verkauft sein Produkt an Stadtbewohner.
Ein Paar ksst sich auf einem belebten Gehweg.
Menschen laufen auf einem Gehweg neben Straenbahnenschienen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau machen an einem sonnigen Tag gemeinsam Gartenarbeit.
Eine Frau schmettert einen Volleyball, eine andere Frau versucht zu blocken.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt im Hof.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen luft ber einen Rummel.
Ein Mann in einem lilafarbenen Hemd mit rotem Bandana lchelt die Menschen an, die ihn ansehen.
Eine Frau, die eine Sonnenbrille und ein Hemd mit Blumenmuster trgt, blickt nach links.
Zwei Menschen stehen neben einem Kamel, an dem Behlter festgebunden sind.
Eine Dame beobachtet Kinder, die auf einem Baum spielen.
Eine Menschenmenge luft in einer Stadt auf einem Gehsteig.
Ein Mdchen mit rotem Haar springt auf einer Sanddne.
Ein frmlich gekleidetes Paar steht nebeneinander, sie mit offenem Mund.
Einige Frauen spielen Volleyball.
Eine groe Menschenmenge vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und liest ein Buch.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen vor einem Ziegelbau macht Fotos.
Hunde rennen und spielen auf einer Grasflche.
Ein Hund wartet darauf, dass ein Mann einen Ball ins Meer wirft.
Ein Junge dreht sich auf einem Spielplatz im Park.
Vier Mnner und ein kleiner Junge sitzen um ein Feuer im Haus herum.
Ein Elternteil hlt ihren Sohn davon ab, auf die Gleise zu springen.
Ein Kind steckt den Kopf aus dem 0095-Taxi und schreit.
Ein Mann spricht an einem Pult in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann scheint Essen fr Kunden auf der Strae zu kochen.
Eine Frau webt, in der Nhe sitzt ein junges Mdchen, um sie herum sind berall bunte Webereien.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Hut auf dem Kopf hlt einen Schirm, hinter ihr ist eine groe Menschenmenge.
Ein gelber Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Ein Hund liegt auf dem Rcken neben einem Kind, das ein Buch liest.
Drei Menschen kommen bei einer Konferenz zusammen.
Eine Restaurant-Umgebung in einem Haus, in der Menschen gerade essen.
Zwei Mnner sprechen miteinander.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt hoch nach einem grnen Frisbee.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt nach einem Fuball.
Mann in grnem T-Shirt an einem Seil springt von einem Felsen zum anderen.
Eine junge Frau schiet mit einer Pistole auf ein Ziel.
Ein Unfall, bei dem eine grne Limousine und ein grauer Van beteiligt sind.
Ein Kind lsst einen Drachen steigen.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt mit einem merkwrdigen Gesichtsausdruck zwischen anderen in einer Menge.
Ein kleiner brauner Hund im Gras versucht Blasen zu fangen.
Ein weier Hund mit beigefarbenen Flecken rennt ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd hlt die Hand eines kleinen Mdchens mit Zpfen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem blau-braunen Hemd spielt mit einer Hake in der Erde.
Zimmer mit Leuten, die Computer benutzen und Technologie testen.
Ein Mann arbeitet auf einer hellen orangefarbenen Maschine.
Drei Kinder spielen im Garten.
Ein junger Mann in legerer schwarzer Kleidung geht drinnen an einer Reihe Computermonitore vorbei.
Ein Hund rennt auf einen Ball zu, um ihn zu fangen.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein grauer Hund rennen am Strand.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille trinkt Flaschenwasser.
Zwei Mnner sitzen mit weit geffneten Mndern da.
Leute reden bei einer Ausstellung.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Cafe und macht eine Handbewegung.
Ein Mann in Rschen schiebt einen Kinderwagen durch einen Park.
Zwei junge Erwachsene halten an, um ein Foto mit Mnnern in Kostmen zu machen.
Ein Transvestit steht in einem gepunkteten Outfit und Netzstrmpfen auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Die Frau trgt ein Kleid und einen Hut und sitzt, den Kopf auf die Hnde gesttzt, auf den Stufen.
Ein brauner Hund jagt eine Frisbee.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd und gestreifter Krawatte hlt an einem Pult eine Rede.
Ein Mann im Anzug hlt in einem Gebude eine Prsentation.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen steht vor einem blauen Sallie-Mae-Banner.
Alte Menschen sitzen in einem Restaurant und lachen.
Eine Frau mit einer Krone auf dem Kopf hebt sich von der Menschenmenge im Park ab.
Eine blonde Frau und ein Mann kommen drauen mit Menschen zusammen.
Eine Gruppe Cheerleader arbeitet und plant einige ihrer bungen.
Drei Frauen mit neonfarbenen Basecaps und Herz-T-Shirt jubeln.
Zwei hellbraune Hunde mit einem blauen Spielzeug auf einer grnen Wiese.
Ein Arbeiter arbeitet an der Scheibe eines hohen Gebudes.
Ein Straenhndler wartet auf Kunden und liest Zeitung.
Ein brauner Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Ein lchelndes Baby in gestreiftem Hemd wird von einer Frau mit grauem Haar gehalten.
Junge krabbelt durch Betontunnel.
Kind in blauem Kapuzenpulli und Shorts rutscht eine Rutsche runter.
Ein Mdchen lchelt von einer Seilschaukel aus in die Kamera.
Ein kleiner Junge in weiem Hemd schiet einen Ball ins Tor.
Kinder mit Helmen auf dem Kopf reiten im Kreis auf Pferden.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund luft ber eine blaue Hunderampe.
Zwei Hunde spielen, einer fngt einen Frisbee.
Menschen essen drauen vor einem Restaurant, haben Spa und trinken Bier und andere Getrnke.
Viele Menschen sind in der stdtischen Strae versammelt.
Eine junge Frau schreibt mit Kreide eine Botschaft aufs Pflaster.
Ein Hund springt ber ein Hundehindernis.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby und schreibt mit einem grnen Filzstift.
Ein barfiger Jugendlicher zieht an einem Seil und isst ein Sandwich.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer Kappe auf dem Kopf hlt seine Sonnenbrille in der Hand, whrend er auf einem Banner unterschreibt.
Ein afrikanischer Junge schlrft in einem grnen Raum von seinem Lffel.
Ein Mann mit Schnorchel und Taucherbrille zeigt den Daumen hoch, als er und eine andere Person durchs Wasser sausen.
Zwei Frauen schreiben auf ein Blatt.
Unter einem Schild hat sich eine Schlange von Menschen gebildet, andere Menschen liegen auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann spricht lebhaft mit einer Person im Orangutan-Kostm.
Ein sehr glcklicher Junge unterschreibt auf einem groen Blatt Papier mit einer Flle von Namen darauf.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen auf dem Boden, eins davon trgt ein Tierkostm.
Eine Frau in weiem Hemd mit violettem Stirnband sitzt und hlt einen Stab mit einem weien Tuch.
Ein Boot segelt an der aufgehenden Sonne vorbei.
Ein Mann mit Kamera und Hund auf einem Kieshgel.
Eine Frau in einem gelben Taxikostm posiert auf einer Strae.
Eine Band spielt bei einem Konzert und das Publikum hebt die Hnde ber den Kopf.
Ein alter Mann trgt eine schwarze Jacke.
Zwei Hunde rennen durch ein niedrig gelegenes Gewsser.
Eine Menschenmenge sitzt drauen vor einem Gebude.
Ein leicht bergewichtiger junger Mann mit langem schwarzem Haar in einem grnen Sweatshirt hat sich in einem Stuhl zurckgelegt und hlt eine Flasche an seine Brust.
Ein junger Mann springt mitten in der Luft auf einem Trampolin. 
Ein Mann mit einer Schrze probiert Essen, whrend er ber einem Herd kocht.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Schrze kocht in einer Kche.
Ein weier Hund mit orangefarbenen Schleifen springt hoch, um eine Arbeitsplatte zu sehen.
Ein Mann mit Zigarette luft an einem Graffitti mit dem Wortlaut "Where are you? vorbei.
Ein junger Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt sitzt auf einer Couch und hlt die Hand an den Mund.
Eine junge Frau mitten beim Sprung auf einem Trampolin in einer wunderschnen Landschaft.
Kind  rutscht eine blaue Rutsche hinunter, am oberen Ende der Rutsche steht die Mutter.
Sechs Menschen raften in einem Fluss in einer Talgegend.
Ein asiatischer oder chinesicher Mann singt ein Lied unter der Anleitung einer asiatischen oder chinesichen Frau.
Zwei kleine Mdchen gehen in den Sonnenschein hinaus.
Rettungskrfte kmmern sich um ein Opfer, das Hilfe bentigt.
Kleinkind im Pyjama spielt mit Papierausschnitten des Buchstaben P.
Zwei Frauen stehen nebeneinander und blicken hoch zur Decke.
Eine Frau macht Kaffee in einem Cafe.
Der Junge im blauen Hemd luft auf dem Gras zwischen den Bumen.
Im Freien ist ein Mdchen auf Holz und ein Mann luft.
Eine Aufnahme einer Menschenmenge, die vor einem Theater Schlange steht.
Ein Mann mit einem Akkordeon geht in einem ffentlichen Gebiet die Strae entlang.
Eine ltere Frau in Stammeskleidung webt ein Tuch in strahlenden Farben.
Der schwarze Hund fngt etwas Grnes mit dem Maul.
Ein groer hellbrauner Hund luft mit heraushngender Zunge durch eine Wiese.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt die Wasserschssel, damit der Hund daraus trinken kann.
Ein Hund mit der Nummer6 nimmt an einem Rennen teil.
Ein junges Paar ruht sich vor einer Steinmauer aus.
Zwei Frauen auf grnen Sthlen schauen ein Buch an.
Ein verrckter Mann tanzt mit dem Hintern ein Auto an, whrend eine Freundin zuschaut und lacht.
Ein brtiger Mann in roten Shorts, schwarzem T-Shirt und verspiegelter Sonnenbrille lehnt sich in einem Klappstuhl zurck.
Eine Frau in gelbem Hemd steht neben einem Essensstand.
Drei Mdchen kurz vorm Teenageralter tragen Sonnenbrillen und tanzen und singen in einer Familienwohnung.
Sting singt und spielt Gitarre vor Publikum.
Ein Mann in einem alten Anzug hlt in einer Menschenmenge ein Protestschild.
Ein schwarzer Hund trgt im Gras ein Spielzeug.
Kinder unter einem groen Brunnen in der Stadt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau spielen in einer U-Bahn.
Ein Kind springt von einer schwingenden Schaukel.
Ein Mann ruht sich in einer Wanne mit Wasser aus und hinter ihm brennt eine Kreze.
Zwei Mnner auf einer Bhne spielen Gitarre und singen.
Frau luft mit kleinem Mdchen Treppe in einer Arena hinunter.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter hlt bei einer Veranstaltung ein groes wei Blatt Papier hoch, auerdem sind noch zwei Kleinkinder auf dem Bild.
Ein kleiner Junge luft mit einer kleinen pinkfarbenen Flagge in der Hand.
Drei junge Leute stehen auf der Strae und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann mitten in der Luft hlt seinen Fahhradlenker.
Ein schwarz-graues buckelndes Pferd versucht, einen Cowboy beim Rodeo abzuwerfen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf einer Strae herum.
Hellblaues Auto fhrt von Zuschauern beobachtet eine unbefestigte Strae entlang.
Ein Mann isst einnen Maiskolben und spricht dabei mit einer Frau.
Eine Frau mit Brille hlt mit einer Hand einen Spiegel und malt mit der anderen Hand ein Bild.
Biker beim Halt auf einer Strae.
Eine groe Gruppe von Teenagern sitzen drinnen auf gelben Sthlen.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt eine dekorierte Pappschachtel auf seinem Kopf.
Zwei Mnner, beide in Blau, stehen mit einer Schusswaffe auf einem Boot.
Eine Person isst Nudeln.
Ein Mann liegt whrend eines Ballspiels lachend auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann spielt Cricket.
Ein Mann und ein Hund auf Felsen am Strand.
Drei Menschen diskutieren den Einrichtungsvorgang fr eine Gesellschaftsveranstaltung.
Ein Mann in dunkelbraunem Hemd klettert eine felsige Erhebung hoch.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby, ein anderes Kind schaut zu.
Ein Mann in Pink kaut in der U-Bahn auf einem Zahnstocher.
Ein Mdchen in rotem Rot mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Drei kleine Mdchen und zwei blonde Frauen beim Seilspringen am Strand.
Ein Rennauto fhrt die Strae hinunter und zwei Leute schauen aus der Entfernung zu.
Ein Mann in rmellosem blauem Hemd und Sporthose boxt einen Sandsack.
Der durchnsste Hund schwimmt.
Menschen sitzen drauen und links ist ein groer Baum.
Zwei Frauen kmpfen bei einem Kampfsportturnier.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter in weiem Hemd spricht zu einer Gruppe von Teenagern, die vor einem Park an Picknicktischen sitzen.
Ein Hund schwimmt durchs Wasser.
Ein in Rot und Blau gekleidetes Kind schaukelt auf einer Schaukel.
Eine Frau blickt durch ein Fenster nach drauen.
Ein Mann in weiem T-Shirt springt mit seinem gelben Fahrrad ber etwas. 
Angehrige der Braut posieren fr ein Gruppenbild.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen im Gras, whrend rechts ein Mensch in einem Baum sitzt.
Ein alter Mann schlt vor einem Publikum Karotten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau spielen Geige vor einem Fenster.
Kleiner Hund fngt am Strand einen Ball mit dem Maul.
Barbecue zu dritt auf dem Uferweg mit Blick aufs Wasser.
Ein Mann klettert groe Felsen hoch.
Der braun-weie Hund fngt eine Frisbee mit dem Maul.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen picknickt auf einem grasbewachsenen Hgel nahe dem Meer.
Ein Mdchen in schwarzem Hemd sitzt auf einer Bank und schaut zur Seite.
Vater und Sohn fttern Vgel an einem Frhlingstag.
Drei Frauen in pinkfarbenen Kleidern stehen und trinken aus Weinglsern.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in halb frmlicher Kleidung tanzen.
Einige Menschen gehen die Strae entlang, ein Mensch hat eine Zigarette.
Ein Mann in Sicherheitskleidung trainiert einen deutschen Schferhund.
Drei Schafe grasen auf der Wiese, hinter ihnen ist ein Hund.
Knstler sitzt im Hof und zeichnet, im Vordergrund sind Menschen.
Fnf kleine Mdchen, vier sitzend und eins stehend, vor einem grnen Zelt essen einen Happen und unterhalten sich.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht sich bereit, einen Softball zu schlagen.
Ein Boot mit mehreren Mnnern darauf wird von einem groen Pferdegespann ans Ufer gezogen.
Der junge Football-Spieler versucht, einen Angriff zu vermeiden.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen trinkt Bier im Park.
Eine Frau in blauen Jeansshorts sitzts an einer Steinmauer.
Ein Gruppe Mnner mit Hunden in gelbem Boot.
Ein Mann wirft eine grne Frisbee im Park.
Zwei kleine Jungen in T-Shirts verstecken sich im Wald, einer davon schaut entsetzt.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Kilt angelt mit einem Stock.
Ein Mdchen in weiem Kleid luft weg von weien Stiefeln an einem Strand zum Wasser.
Ein Paar ksst sich auf einem dunklen Weg.
Ein amerikanischer Hut mit blauen Sternen und roten Streifen sieht an diesem Mdchen hbsch aus.
Ein Mann in Indien beginnt seinen Tag.
Das schwarz-weie Rennauto fhrt um die Kurve.
Sechs Wettkmpfer bei einem sehr knappen Fahrradrennen, alle in verschiedenfarbigen Trikots.
Ein braun-weier Hund spielt mit einem schwarzen Hund.
Ein Mann steht in einer heruntergekommen wirkenden Gegend.
Ein Mann malt eine gelbe Linie auf die Strae.
Eine Brnette mit Locken liest eine Speisekarte.
Ein als Polizist gekleideter Mann mit einem unechten Geier auf dem Arm.
Zwei gelbe Hunde beim spielerischen Kampf.
Ein Junge steht im Becken am Fu einer blauen Wasserrutsche.
Ein wei Auto rast durch Schlamm und Wasser.
Ein rotes Rennauto nimmt eine rutschigen Kurve bei einem Rennen.
Ein gelbes Rennauto rutscht durch eine Ecke, whrend Betrachter zuschauen.
Drei Menschen, ein Menschen sitzt auf dem Boden und spielt Gitarre und zwei Leute auf einem Sofa spielen ein Spiel.
Ein junger Mann springt auf einen Tisch.
Zwei Highschool-Basketballspieler versuchen den Ball zu greifen, einer fllt auf den Boden.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd mit einem Rucksack geht an einem Verkaufsautomaten vorbei.
Ein Mann in grauem Anzug spricht mit einem anderen Mann in schwarzem Anzug.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Boot, das in der Nhe einer Hhe auf dem Wasser treibt.
Ein Mann in grnen Hemd sitzt und designt einen Faltfcher, whrend er auf Kunden wartet.
Ein Baby in einer babyen Jacke sitzt im Sand.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Pullover und braunen Shorts mht den Rasen mit einem Rasenmher.
Ein Mann, ganz in Grau, ist eine lebende Statue.
Das kleine Mdchen sitzt auf einer alten Bank und macht eine Grimasse.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt zwischen Bergen von Schrottmetall und Werkzeugen.
Ein Mann steht auf einer grasbewachsenen Klippe, das ber einen tiefblauen Ozean ragt.
Ein kleiner Junge kegelt in einem mit Teppich ausgelegten Flur.
Ein kleiner Junge in gestreiftem Hemd rennt eine Sanddne hinuntern.
Zwei langhaarige Mnner mit Brten spielen Instrumente, einer Banjo und der andere Geige.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht drauen zusammen und einer macht ein Foto.
Kleines Mdchen in Pink bei einer Fahrt.
Eine Frau mit einem Schal ber dem Haar in der Entfernung hinter Blumen.
Stadtstreicherin durchforstet den Mll.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen versammelt sich um verschiedene Gegenstnde vor einem gefllten Baum.
Zuschauer sehen zu, wie ein wei-blaues Rennauto vorbeifhrt.
Kleines Kind rennt ins Meer, berall rundherum sind Tauben.
Ein Rennauto schlittert durch eine Kurve, whrend Betrachter zuschauen.
Eine einzelne Frau mit Hut sitzt drauen auf einer Bank unter einem Baum.
Ein nasses Kind steht im Wasser.
Drei Frauen in Mnteln laufen an einem regnerischen Tag die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann trainiert seinen Krper, indem er ein Fass zieht.
Arbeiter reinigen die Stufen und die Vorderseite einer groen Statue in einem Park.
Ein Mdchen rennt ber unebenen Sand mit verwelktem Gras.
Ein wei-hellbrauner Hund rennt durch das hohe grne Gras.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge hpfen auf groen Bllen.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Kleid hlt Rosen und gibt einige davon einem Mann in grauem Tanktop.
Fnf Menschen nehmen an einem Gesprch auf einer Bhne teil.
Drei Kinder spielen an einem Sommertag auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Mann mit Brille betrachtet sein elektronisches Gert.
Zwei Menschen hocken in einer dunklen Gasse in Bodennhe zusammen.
Das Mdchen in rotem Mantel luft ber das Gras.
Eine Frau mit pinkfarbenem Schalt telefoniert vor einem Pink-Laden.
Reiter in festlichem Gewand reitet einen weien Araber, der ebenfalls festliche Decken und Quasten trgt.
Eine Frau in hellrotem Kleid und hellroten Schuhen luft auf grauem Pflaster.
Mann mit Trikot Nummer12 wirft einen Fuball.
Eine Gruppe Fuballspieler wartet darauf, dass das Spiel beginnt.
Sechs Arbeiter arbeiten auf den Bahngleisen.
Mnner in orangefarbenen Uniformen in einem Tunnel.
Bahnarbeiter arbeiten nachts auf den Gleisen.
Schwerarbeiter verladen an einem regnerischen Tag Kies.
Mehrere Menschen in orangefarbenen Westen laufen die Bahngleise entlang.
Ein Mann in orangefarbener Weste arbeitet mit Drhten in einer U-Bahn.
Ein Bauarbeiter telefoniert in einem Bahntunnel.
Zwei Mnner in Berufskleidung und mit Helm unterhalten sich ber Berichte.
Zwei Bauarbeiter arbeiten auf einem Gerst.
Weie Mnner in orangefarbenen Jacken stehen auf einem Gerst und streichen eine Decke.
Ein Arbeiter mit orangefarbener Weste und Helm fliest ein Gebude.
Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen heben gemeinsam einen Gegenstand hoch.
Ein Mann steht vor einem groen Zahnrad.
Ein Bauarbeiter in orangefarbener Weste schaut einen Bahntunnel mit einem Kennington-Schild darauf an.
Arbeiter arbeiten unter einem Gerst.
Ein Mann in hellorangefarbener Weste lchelt und hinter ihm arbeitet eine Gruppe von Mnnern.
Ein Arbeiter hlt eine gelbe Maschine auf einer Rolltreppe.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Overall arbeitet unter einem Eisenbahnfahrzeug.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbener Weste neben einem Zug arbeitet mit einem Handgert.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen reinigen Stufen mit einem Industriereinigungsgert.
Zwei Mnner mit einem Transportwagen auf einer Rolltreppe.
Mnner in orangefarbenen Uniformen mit falschen Flgeln laufen einen U-Bahn-Tunnel entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Arbeitern in einem Bahnhof.
Arbeiter auf einem Gerst bearbeiten die Decke eines Gebudes.
Zwei schwarze und ein weier Bauarbeiter arbeiten im Freien.
Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Westen arbeiten auf dem Bahnsteig.
Bauarbeiter mauern in der Mitte eines Bahnhofs.
Ein Flur ist whrend Bauarbeiten mit Leitern und Stoff zugemllt.
Ein Mann macht Wartungsarbeiten auf den Bahngleisen.
Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen bei der Arbeit auf einer Baustelle.
Ein Mann zeigt, wie ein Computersystem funktioniert.
Ein Mann mit schtter werdendem Haar hlt eine Gitarre und singt neben seinen Bandkollegen in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann spielt ein Instrument und singt.
Menschen stehen auf dem Parpklatz vor einem Gromarkt.
Ein Mdchen fhrt einen Spielzeuglaster, whrend ein kleiner Junge hinter ihr spielt.
Ein Baby am Ende einer Spielzeugrutsche bei einer Feier.
Drei Mnner unterhalten sich drauen vor einem Laden.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Anzug schweit eine Eisenstange.
Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen und mit Helmen arbeiten mit Presslufthmmern.
Zwei Mnner scheinen sich beim Rollerbladen auf einem Gehsteig zu amsieren.
Bauarbeiten auf einer Kies-Bahnlinie.
Beim Bau des Bahnhofs wird ein Quattro-Kran betrieben.
Ein Mann steht auf den Gleisen.
Bauarbeiter stehen auf einer Holzbrcke.
Jemand in einer orangefarbenen Sicherheitsweste steht auf einer Eisenbahnbrcke.
Vier Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen mit weien Helmen arbeiten auf einem Bahngleis.
Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Westen in einer Station.
Rckansicht eines Bahnarbeiters in orangefarbener Weste und Jeans auf dem Bahnsteig der Station Kilburn.
Arbeiter in hell orangefarbenen Westen auf dem Bahnsteig.
Eine Gruppe Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Westen entrollen einen orangefarbenen Schlauch in einem Gebude.
Einsatzkrfte mit Schluchen laufen in einer Reihe eine Treppe hinunter.
Ein U-Bahn-Arbeiter steht neben einem Auto mit mehreren Mlltten darin.
Bauarbeiter reparieren die Wnde einer U-Bahn.
Bauarbeiter bringen Verkleidungen im Tunnelinneren an.
Maler auf Gersten streichen die Innenseite einer U-Bahn-Endstation.
Viele Menschen in orangefarbenen Jacke arbeiten in der U-Bahn-Station.
Bauarbeiter schuften in einem Graben.
Viele Menschen in leuchten orangefarbenen Westen scheinen in einem groen Gebude zu arbeiten.
Ein Straenbahnprfer in orangefarbener Weste prft die Straenbahnsitze.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Hemd mit einem Helm in der Hand schaut in die Kamera.
Ein Arbeiter liest in einem U-Bahn-Zug.
Vier stdtische Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Westen arbeiten auf Bhnen in einer U-Bahn-Station.
Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Westen bringen eine gelbe Abdeckplane an.
Mnner mit orangefarbenen Westen und weien Helmen stehen auf Gersten und arbeiten.
Mnner in Uniform arbeiten an einer Bahnlinie.
Mnner stehen neben irgendeiner hydraulischen Maschine.
Bauarbeiter stehen nachts neben Gleisen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in orangefarbenen Mnteln mit weien Streifen stehen zusammen und halten ein Blatt Papier.
Zwei Bauarbeiter reden whrend des Projekts miteinander.
Zwei Mnner mittleren Alters spielen an einem sonnigen Tag im Park ein Spiel.
Ein Kleinkind streichelt den kleinen weien Hund.
Ein Mann jagt ein kleines Mdchen in einem geblmten Kleid einen gepflasterten Weg hinunter.
Mehrere Menschen sitzen um einen Picknicktisch herum und trinken Bier.
Eine Menge rtlicher Fischer berprft am Strand ihre Netze.
Eltern mit kleinen Kindern sitzen an einem Picknicktisch.
Ein junger Mann hlt einen kleinen Jungen und blickt ihn liebevoll an.
Eine Frau in rotem Pullover sitzt neben einem Mann an einem Tisch im Freien.
Er ruft seine Frau an, um ihr zu sagen, dass er spter kommt.
Eine Frau in beigefarbener Jacke luft in einer belebten U-Bahn-Station.
Die Familie stellt sich bei einer Hochzeit fr ein Foto auf.
Drei junge Frauen und ein junger Mann sitzen in einem Hrsaal.
Eine Frau hlt ein Getrnk vor einem weien Zelt.
Eine Dame macht ein Foto mit einer Canon-Kamera.
Drei Chefkche, darunter eine Frau, bereiten Gerichte fr Kunden zu.
Eine Gruppe Kids schaut durch einen Zaun.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper klettert mithilfe eines roten Seils eine Felswand hoch.
Ein Mdchen in schwarzem Sweatshirt giet ein wenig Flssigkeit in ein kleines Glas.
Eine Familie macht einen Ausflug in einem gelben Boot.
Eien Gruppe von Menschen steht nachts drauen und redet.
Eine Frau in rotem Geschftskostm sitzt auf einer Stufe und teilt Essen mit einem Mann in einer Lederjacke.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in goldenen Hemd singt vor einem Mikrofon.
Ein Mann in Uniform geht mit einem Koffer in der Hand die Stufen eines Flugzeugs hinunter.
Drei Jungen faulenzen auf einem Basketballfeld im Freien.
Eine Frau am Strand sitzt unter einem Sonnenschirm.
Ein Mann in orangefarbener Weste hlt einen groen Vogel.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einem Sandstrand vor dem Meer.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten in einem Tunnel.
Walter-Lou-Anne-Kitty-Mitarbeiter jubeln ber die erfolgreiche Herstellung von batteriebetriebenen Lokomotiven.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen stehen in einem Raum herum.
Ein Bild von einer asiatischen Frau, die im Freien auf einer grnen Bank sitzt und Bier trinkt.
Eine Frau macht eine Sandskulptur von einem Pferdekopf.
Ein Mdchen wirft einen Fuball am Strand.
Mann und Frau fahren mit dem Fahrrad auf einem gepflasterten, eingezunten Weg nahe des Meeres.
Menschen gehen ber eine Kreuzung in einer Stadt mit einem Grillrestaurant und einer Pizzeria.
Ein kleiner Junge luft zusammen mit einer rot gekleideten Frau in einem Rollstuhl.
Mnner versammeln sich um einen Korb voll mit frischem Fisch, whrend ein anderer Mann den grten Fisch in die Luft hebt.
Papa und die Mdchen nehmen eine Mtze voll Schlaf.
Ein kleiner Junge lchelt am Fu der Rutsche.
Ein Mann kniet auf dem Boden und hlt eine Banane.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in orangefarbenen Sicherheitsjacken berprfen den Motor von irgendeiner Straenbahn.
Arbeiter in orangefarbenem Overall mit Stirnlampe steht neben Ausrstung.
Zwei Prfer in orangefarbenen Westen kontrollieren die elektrischen Tren eines Zugs.
Zwei Arbeiter reinigen nachts ein Bauwerk.
Ein blonder Mann in blauem Hemd umgeben von Bildschirmen sitzt an einem Schreibtisch und spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Elektriker in einem orangefarbenem Overall prft mehrere Stromkreise.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in orangefarbenen reflektierenden Westen und Hosen posiert fr ein Foto.
Der Junge ist drauen und hlt eine Sprhdose.
Zwei kleine Mdchen machen umgedrehte Cupcake-Formen im Sand.
Eine Gruppe Frauen isst auf einer Terrasse.
Eine Frau in blauem Hemd leitet ihren Hund ber ein Hindernis.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund steht auf einem Dach.
Ein kleines Kind in rotem Hemd schaukelt auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Ein Kind trgt einer Frau Augen-Makeup auf.
Ein weier Hund mit Halsband und Leine kaut auf einem Stock.
Zwei Jungen schneiden Fleisch.
Ein Hund springt durchs Wasser und versucht, mit dem Maul Eis zu fangen.
Ein Mann sitzt drauen vor einem Gebude.
Die Silhouetten von Mnnern vor einem bewlkten, aber hellen Himmel.
Ein kleines Kind fhrt auf einem violetten Fahrrad.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Helm ist dabei, einen Nagel in ein dickes Brett zu schlagen.
Ein Mdchen in rotem Hemd luft im Gras.
Das Baby mit Hosentrgern sitzt neben einem Spielzeug.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen essen bei einem rtlichen Festival.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt in einem Hof, whrend eine Frau zuschaut.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt mit Getrnken um einen Tisch herum.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist am Strand versammelt, ein Mann trgt ein Surfbrett aus dem Wasser.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen in einem Zimmer im Haus.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt ber den Strand.
Eine Gruppe Radfahrer schaut irgendetwas auf der Strae an.
Ein Mdchen in gelbem Kleid steht drauen vor einem Geschft auf dem Brgersteig.
Ein kleines Mdchen ffnet aufgeregt eine Geschenktasche.
Eine Dame in blauem Hemd und Hose luft einen lang, sprlich beleuchteten Flur entlang.
Eine Frau wartet darauf, die Stae zu berqueren.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in einem Gymnastikkurs im Freien.
Eine ganz in Rot gekleidete Frau macht ein Roooaaaarrrr-Gesicht und imitiert mit der Hand eine Klaue.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft ber das Gras und schnffelt am Boden.
Ein Hund springt im Gras.
Zwei indische Menschen tanzen bei einer Hochzeit, der Boden ist ganz mit Blten bedeckt.
Mann spielt Gitarre auf einer Bank und ein anderer Mann schaut ihm zu.
Ein Mann in Jeans, Poloshirt und Baseballcap mit einer Gabel in der Hand grillt auerhalb eines eingezunten Hofs Fleisch.
Ein Mann und zwei Kinder am Strand.
Eine braun-weie Kuh springt weg von einem schwarz-weien Treibhund.
Ein Mdchen in passender Kleidung fr eine Hochzeit inmitten der Brautjungfern.
Ein Mann in einem Smoking und eine Frau in einem Brautkleid gehen aus einer Kirche.
Zwei Mnner spielen Gitarre in einer Band auf einer Bhne.
Nahaufnahme eines kleinen Jungen, dessen Gesicht und Krper bemalt ist.
Sieben Bauarbeiter arbeiten an einem Gebude.
Ein Mann in gelber Jacke wirft eine gelbe Frisbee.
Mann in weiem Hemd telefoniert, whrend im Hintergrund andere Menschen vorbeigehen.
Eine Gruppe amerikanischer Ureinwohner sitzt im Kreis und trommelt.
Kleiner Junge auf dem Fahrrad mit einem lteren Mann.
Zwei Mnner bringen eine Statue und ein Schild oben auf einem Baum an.
Ein Mann in Leuchtjacke trgt einen Helm.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Hemd schaukelt sehr hoch auf einer Schaukel.
Ein kleiner Junge in rotem Hemd spricht ber ein Mobiltelefon.
Ein Mann in einem marineblauen Mantel beugt sich vor, um eine Frau in einem cremefarbenen Mantel zu kssen.
Das kleine Kind trgt eine blaue Taucherbrille.
Die Kinder spielen nachts mit Wunderkerzen.
Eine blonde Frau mit einer Sonnenbrille sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein brauner Hund mit einem kleinen Fuball im Maul steht auf einer Decke.
Ein lteres Paar geht zusammen spazieren.
Ein Mann in einem Laborkittel trgt eine Brille und schaut auf einen Computerbildschirm.
Ein junger Mann in schwarzem Hemd schneidet Fleisch.
Ein Mann scheint berrascht, als er dabei fotografiert wird, wie er in seiner Kche Fleisch schneidet.
Ein Mann mit Cowboyhut auf dem Kopf grillt Essen bei einem Lagerplatz-Barbecue.
Menschen unterschiedlicher Rassen und Ethnien warten darauf, in eine Stadtbahn einzusteigen.
Eine Frau in einer braunen Jacke greift in einen Schrank.
Zwei Menschen am Strand vergraben eine dritte Person bis zum Kopf im Sand.
Eine Frau tanzt allein whrend viele Menschen in frmlicher Kleidung zuschauen.
Zwei asiatische Mnner und eine asiatische Frau sitzen auf schwarzen Massagesitzen.
Ein Mann mit Schrze grillt einen Maiskolben.
Ein Mdchen hngt mit dem Kopf nach unten oberhalb einer Wiese ber einer Stadt.
Der ltere Mann mit der weien Mtze hlt den Daumen hoch.
Mehrere Menschen verlassen ein Verkehrsflugzeug.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Mauervorsprung und isst einen Apfel.
Frau in blauem Hemd trinkt, whrend sie etwas ber einem Grill gart.
Ein Mann mit Pferdeschwanz und abgeschnittenen Shorts macht Hula-Hoop.
Ein Mann in einer rustikalen Kche legt Essen auf der Theke aus.
Drei kleine Jungen stehen neben und auf einem Zaun.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund luft mit einer Frisbee im Maul.
Ein Junge fllt von seinem roten Fahrrad.
Zwei Hunde haben beide denselben Stock im Maul und schwimmen.
Ein Mann spielt akustische Gitarre vor einem Ladenfenster.
Ein groer brauner Hund springt ins Meer.
Zwei kleine Mdchen, mit Kleidern und Mtzen bekleidet, stehen neben einem Baum.
Mit einer Metallzange dreht ein Mensch einen Schaschlikspie, der neben anderem gegrilltem Essen auf dem Grill liegt.
Zwei Hunde stehen in einer Pftze, einer der Hunde hat einen gelben Tennisball.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Hund aus und legt den Arm um die Schulter einer Frau in pinkfarbener Hose.
Auslieferer mit blauer Baseballkappe in einer Schule.
Ein Junge klettert im Wald auf Felsen.
Kajakfahrer in unruhigem Wasser.
Der Kletterer scheint in der Klemme zu sitzen.
Ein Motorradfahrer fhrt um eine Kurve.
Ein junger Mann sitzt auf dem Gehsteig und spielt E-Gitarre.
Eine rothaarige Frau in einem pinkfarbenen Hemd versucht, einen Baum hinunterzuklettern.
Ein Kind klettert die Innenseite einer roten Rhre in einem Spielgerst hoch.
Ein rothaariger Mensch in einem roten Hemd klettert auf sten.
Bei einem Baseballspiel einer niedrigen Liga ruft ein Schiedsrichter safe, als ein Spieler das Homeplate berquert.
Eine Frau in einem gemusterten Kleid singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, die mit Mobiltelefonen telefonieren, blickt in den Himmel.
Ein Mdchen hlt sich an einem Seil ber dem Wasser fest.
Ein Mann in einem Labor giet eine klare Flssigkeit in eine Maschine.
Mann in kariertem Anzug schttelt jemandem die Hand.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund rennt am Strand.
Drei Kinder spielen Fuball im Sand.
Ein Mdchen schaut einem Jungen ber die Schulter, der ein Buch liest.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Hose klettert.
Ein kleiner Junge im Bademantel sitzt auf einem Metallstuhl.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jogginghose leht sich im Wald an ihren Rucksack.
Eine Frau mit weiem Haar meielt an einer unfertigen Skulptur.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt nach vorn gebeugt auf einer Kinderschaukel.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen spielt am Strand ein Spiel mit einem Tennisball.
Zwei Hunde rennen durchs Gras neben einer Strae.
Ein brauner Hund rennt ber ein Feld mit langem grnem Gras.
Ein kleiner Ligaspieler macht einen Schlag. 
Ein junger, linkshndiger Schlagmann im Augenblick nach dem Schlag mit einem Fnger in der Nhe und einer Menschenmenge im Hintergrund.
Kleines Mdchen will sich im Pool abkhlen.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Brille sitzt und hlt zwei amerikanische Flaggen.
Kids mit Helmen spielen Hockey im Freien.
Zwei Mnner mit Baseballkappen verkaufen an einem Stand im Freien Spargel und anderes Gemse an eine Frau mit einer grnen Tasche.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann in einem Shirt mit der Nummer11 ist bereit, auf dem Fuballfeld Fuball zu spielen, whrend Tausende Menschen zuschauen.
Viele Menschen, die Helm tragen, fahren auf Fahrrdern.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Sicherheitsweste geht auf einige Gebude zu.
Drei Hunde rennen wie verrckt ber eine Rennbahn.
Schwarz gekleideter junger Mann mit weien Tennisschuhen liegt auf einem groen grauen Stein.
Ein dunkles Auto der Marke Mercury parkt vor der PNC-Bank.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Schwimmbrille beim Rckenschwimmen in einem Becken.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem gelben Shirt luft ber den Strand und trgt ein Surfbrett.
Drei Drachen in der Luft vor einer Bergkette.
Ein Mdchen bt auf einem Parkplatz Aufschlag.
Vier Frauen in hnlichen roten Outfits singen und trommeln bei einem Auftritt.
Landwirte verkaufen Eingemachtes aus einem Van.
Nahaufnahme eines Hundes mit geffnetem Maul.
Zwei Kinder liegen im Gras.
Menschen schauen auf einem Markt im Freien Kleider und andere Gegenstnde an.
Ein schwarzer Hund steht im Wasser.
Ein Mensch mit Schwimmkappe und Schwimmbrille atmet ein.
Fnf Mnner stehen in einem Boot.
Ein kleines barfiges Mdchen hpft in die Luft und spielt dabei auf einer Spielzeuggitarre.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem Ballspielzeug mit seinem braunen Hund.
Eine schwarz-wei gekleidete Frau raucht eine Zigarette auf einer Wiese.
Ein in Flssigkeit getrnkter schwarzer Hund springt ins Gras.
Ein Mdchen springt in einem Gurtgeschirr, im Hintergrund ist ein Gebude.
Das Baby sitzt am Sandstrand.
Ein Mann in Kapuzenpulli und Jacke sitzt auf einer Bank in einem Park.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber einen unbefestigten Weg.
Ein Junge in orangefarbenem Spring Hill-Ballsporttrikot wirft den Ball.
Ein Junge in einem Schwimmbecken trgt Spiderman-Schwimmflgel.
Eine Frau spielt mit Spielgerten, whrend ein Kind zuschaut.
Ein asiatischer Mann sitzt auf einer Strae in der Stadt.
Mehrere Menschen stehen bzw. sitzen auf einer Wiese und schauen zu, wie ein Hund ber einen Mann springt, um eine orangefarbene Frisbee zu fangen.
Ein braun-weier Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Ein Mann in Jeansshorts und einem Strohhut angelt von den Felsen aus.
In Ourense (Spanien) findet ein Kampfkunstkurs statt.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen schlafen in einem Bett.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einer Betonmauer am Meer.
Ein Mann mit einem Reishut auf dem Kopf trgt eine Menge Gegenstnde.
Schwimmlehrer zeigen kleinen Mdchen, wie man auf dem Wasser treibt.
Vier Frauen in roten Badeanzgen treten im Wasser auf, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Ein kleiner Junge in Hawaiishorts spielt in Wassersprenger.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Leder-Motoarradanzug und mit Helm auf einem silbernen Motorrad.
Eine Menge von Menschen geniet die Sonne auf einem Platz.
Eine Frau schiebt einen Mann im Rollstuhl; im Hintergrund ist ein Torbogen.
Menschen laufen eine belebte Strae entlang.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt in den Fontnen, die aus dem Boden schieen.
Zwei Hunde rennen im Wasser.
Ein Baby hlt einen Becher und spielt mit einer Spielzeug-Giekanne.
Ein kleiner Hund spielt im Gras.
Ein weihaariger Mann legt Stock und Hut hin und ruht sich neben einem Baum aus.
Hngender Maler streicht eine Wand.
Eine Gruppe Teenager versucht, einen Gegenstand auf einem Weg im Freien zu fangen.
Drei Mnner drauen auf der Terrasse eines Hauses.
Ein Mdchen kniet auf einem runden Brunnen, der Wasser in die Luft spritzt.
Ein kleiner Junge klettert die Felswand hoch.
Die drei schwarzen Hunde schwimmen sehr nah beieinander.
Ein Mann blickt ber ein Gelnder ins Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen jagt Seifenblasen, whrend sie ber einen Schieferweg luft.
Ein glckliches junges Paar trinkt ein Glas Wein und redet.
Zwei an einem Tisch sitzende Damen lachen gemeinsam.
Frauen halten bei einem Abendessen Karikatur-Portrts von sich selbst hoch.
Ein ganz in Blau gekleideter Mensch geht eine Straen mit hohen Bumen auf beiden Seiten hinunter.
Ein Mann malt ein Bild von zwei Frauen.
Ein Mann mit einer Handverletzung spaziert mit einem Stock in einem Park.
Zwei Hunde stehen einander auf einer Wiese gegenber.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd steht zwischen zwei Autos und hlt drei Finger in die Hhe.
Hellhutige Frau in schwarzem Kleid in der Nhe eines alten Holzzauns.
Zwei Kandidatinnen fhren ihre Hunde bei einer Hundeshow aus.
Ein Zementlaster giet Zement auf die Strae
Ein Kind sitzt an einem Tisch, hlt ein Sandwich in der Hand und weint.
Menschen sitzen oder stehen in einem Bus.
Ein verheirateter Mann mittleren Alters in gelbem Hemd schwitzt und spielt auf einer braunen Gitarre.
Ein Lufer wird von einem Mann im Pinguinkostm gejagt.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch das flache Wasser in einer Bucht.
Ein groer roter Traktor zieht einen Tieflader ber eine unbefestigte Strae.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen steht im Gras und die meisten der Menschen halten die Hnde in der Luft.
Ein Mann rennt barfu ber das Gras.
Die beiden grauen Hunde versuchen, einen roten Gegenstand zu kriegen.
Ein Passant und ein Bauarbeiter auf dem Gehsteig.
Eine Frau in Shorts hlt ein Baby in einer Menge von berwiegend Kindern drauen in einer groen Fontne.
Zwei asiatische Mdchen treten in Kostmen auf.
Eine Frau fhrt auf einem Fahrrad ber einen belebten Marktplatz.
Ein Mann wird von einem anderen Mann mit einer asiatischen Kampfkunsttechnik hochgehoben.
Zwei Jungen mit Baseballkappen strecken grn verfrbte Zungen heraus.
Zwei Hunde bellen hinter einem Zaun.
Ein kleines Kind luft einen laubbedeckten Kiesweg entlang.
Ein Mann in einem Frisrsalon bekommt die Haare geschnitten.
Ein Mann steht neben einem groen bunten Vogelkfig mit Vgeln darin.
Zwei afroamerikanische Kinder lesen ein Buch.
Drei Menschen stehen in einem Gang zwischen zwei Regaleinheiten voller Bcher.
Eine blonde Frau probiert in einem Schuhgeschft Absatzschuhe an.
Eine weie Frau sitzt und liest und ist dabei von sechs kleinen schwarzen Kindern umringt.
Gebude, vor dem Schwarze sitzen, in einem Dritte-Welt-Land.
Eine Frau in grnem Hemd steht an einem Pult.
Eine Frau mit braunem Haar lchelt und trgt ein Kongress-Namensschild. 
Eine Frau in schwarzem Kostm steht lchelnd vor einer anderen Frau in roter Jacke.
Eine Gruppe Fugnger schaut sich die Auslage eines Geschfts an.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd steht hinter einem schwarzen Pult.
Laura Bush spricht bei einer Konferenz ber weltweite Alphabetisierung.
Frauen in afrikanischer Kleidung sitzen drauen, eine Frau in westlicher Kleidung geht an ihnen vorbei.
Afroafrikaner sitzen auf Sthlen in einem Klassenzimmer.
Ein Mann spricht und bei ihm sind zwei Menschen.
Zwlf Kinder sitzen auf dem Boden.
Viele Kinder amsieren sich bei einer Feier.
Ein kleines Mdchen putzt den Boden mit einem Lappen.
Eine Mama sitzt drauen auf einem Stuhl und hlt ihre Tochter auf dem Scho.
Ein Kind auf einer Schaukel.
Ein kleiner afroamerikanischer Junge sitzt auf einer Holzbank in einer Bcherei und sieht ein Buch durch.
Sie sind blau gekleidet und schreiben.
Drei Hunde rennen von einem nicht grasbewachsenen Fleck davon und lassen einen anderen Hund zurck.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen einander auf einer Bank gegenber.
Zwei braune Sofas stehen gegenber an einem Kaffeetisch, auf dem sich Zeitungen und Zeitschriften stapeln.
Menschen gehen ber unbefestigte Strae und zwei Laster.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd und eine Frau in einem pinkfarbenen Hemd sitzen herum, im Hintergrund sind andere Menschen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt im Schatten unter einem Baum.
Zwei Mnner in Uniform halten ein Schild mit kleinen Kindern hoch.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Blau springt in die Luft.
Ein weier Hund luft ber einen Weg zwischen Bschen.
Der Hund luft im seichten Wasser.
Ein grauhaariger Mann mit Brille sitzt mit ausgestreckten Beinen auf einer groen Bank.
Eine dicke Frau steht auf der Strae.
Frau in Pink macht einen Spaziergang ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann in Steppjacke, der von hinten zu sehen ist, steht vor einem Korbstuhl.
Sechs kleine Jungen, einer davon Afroamerikaner, einer hispanisch und die anderen hellhutig, stehen in unterschiedlicher Kleidung vor einem Maschendrahtzaun, fnf von ihnen halten sich die Ohren zu.
Zwei mnnliche Zwillinge falten ein blaues Handtuch zusammen.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern sitzt in einem fensterlosen Raum auf dem Boden.
Kleiner Junge in Trikots spielen mit einem gelben Ball.
Ein junger Mann rasiert mit Seife und einem Rasierer seinen Bart ab.
Mehrere Menschen sitzen drinnen in einer dunklen Kunstgalerie.
Ein Profisportler tritt auf die Platte, um seinen Schlger nach dem Ball zu schwingen.
Zwei Hunde spielen mit einem Stock im Wasser.
Ein Mann in gelbem Shirt und khakifarbenen Shorts balanciert auf einer Metallkette.
Ein Mann fllt einen alten Eimer mit Sand.
Ein Kleinkind in hellblauem Overall sitzt oben auf einer roten Plastikrutsche.
Rinder und Mann, der einen Tag am Strand geniet.
Ureinwohner fischt in einem Einbaum in einer blaugrnen Bucht.
Ein Mann spielt Harmonika in einem Restaurant und schaut den Betrachter an.
Ein Mann mit vielen Tattoos und Piercings schluckt bei einer Vorfhrung auf einem Fest im Freien ein Schwert.
Ein Mann mischt etwas in einer sehr groen Schssel.
Ein Mann in gestreiftem Hemd spielt Gitarre fr mehrere Leute, die um ihn herumstehen.
Eine Frau trgt einen Eimer mit Blumen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd trgt Kopfhrer und arbeitet mit Tonausrstung.
Ein Polizist schaut eine Werbeanzeige in einem Fenster an.
Ein Junge in blauem Fuballtrikot und Shorts steht und schaut zwei anderen Kindern beim Fuballspielen zu.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Hemd ist kurz vorm Weinen.
Ein Mountainbike-Fahrer fhrt ber einen Waldweg.
Vier Menschen blicken durch einen Zaun.
Cowboy in blau-roter Hose wird von einem Pferd abgeworfen.
Ein weier Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Eine Frau ist drauen und blickt bei Sonnenuntergang ber das Meer.
Der Mann fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad schnell den Berg hinunter.
Ein frhliches schwules Paar spaziert durch einen Park.
Fnf asiatische Menschen sitzen um einen runden Tisch herum.
Menschen hngen mit dem Kopf nach unten, als eine Achterbahn einen Korkenzieherlooping fhrt.
Eine Frau hlt eine Leine auf einem Segelboot.
Der Hund springt durchs Wasser.
Mbel in und vor einem Umzugswagen.
Ein kleines Kind in einem Izog-Hemd hlt ein Mobiltelefon ans Ohr.
Soldat sitzt mit einem Maschinengewehr oben auf einem Jeep, ein Soldat sitzt im Jeep.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Polizisten auf Motorrdern fhrt durch eine stdtische Strae.
Ein Junge mit einem Geburtstagshut auf dem Kopf spielt in einer Pftze.
Ein Footballspieler rennt whrend des Spiels mit dem Ball.
Ein Mann repariert an einem sonnigen Tag einen Segelflieger.
Vier Mnner arbeiten mit einem Mlllaster auf einem Mllplatz neben einem Gebude.
Eine Person mit orangefarbenem Helm fhrt auf einer Rampe Skateboard.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Hemd hlt einen blauen Hut ber dem Kopf und einen roten Hut auf dem Ellenbogen.
Es scheint eine Feier im Freien stattzufinden.
Ein jngerer Mann mit Brille sitzt auf einem Fleck Wiese neben anderen Menschen.
Dieser Youngster behauptet, Klettern wre ein Kinderspiel!
Ein Mann in fragwrdigem Unterteil fhrt seinen Einkaufskarren durch eine Versammlung auf der Strae.
Ein Mann, der in einem Park kauert, schaut etwas in der Ferne an.
Eine Gruppe von nackten Menschen fhrt auf der Strae Fahrrad.
Ein weier Mann sitzt an einem sehr unordentlichen Schreibtisch und telefoniert.
Ein Mann in rotem Button-Down-Hemd unterrichtet in einem Klassenzimmer mit blau gestrichenen Wnden.
Ein Lehrer ordnet das Haar eines kleinen Schlers.
Ein Junge mit einem blauen Helm und grauer Hose klettert.
Zewi Bauarbeiter tragen Helme und orangefarbene Westen.
Mit Sicherheitswesten und Helm bekleidete Bauarbeiter prfen ihre Arbeit.
Mann, der neben einem schnell fahrenden Zug steht, blickt auf sein Mobiltelefon.
Ein Jugendlicher schiet einen Fuball auf einer leeren Steinflche.
Ein Mann spielt bei Sonnenuntergang Ball.
Ein kleiner Hund bellt eine braun-weie Kuh an.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern steht vor einer Pizzeria.
Ein kleiner Hund springt nach einem gelben Fuball.
Ein Mann in blau-gelben Shorts hlt seine Hand ber das Wasser.
Einer Frau in einem weien Bikini-Oberteil wird von einem Mann dabei geholfen, eine Wasserflche zu berqueren.
Drei Menschen sitzen in einem Raum mit einem Fahrrad und einem Motorroller.
Eine Frau in einer Schrze hlt einen Fisch, auf dem Tisch sind ein blauer Topf und mehrere weitere Zutaten.
Ein Kind steht vor einer tanzenden Hochzeitsgesellschaft.
Ein Mann in rotem Pullover sitzt auf einer Bank und unterhlt sich mit einem Mann in violetter Strickjacke.
Ein brauner Hund springt hoch im Gras.
Eine Person steht oben auf einer Treppe vor einem Costco-Geschft.
Eine Gruppe von Autos parkt auf einem Hgel.
Zwei Mnner schreien bei einem Konzert.
Ein Hund watet durch tiefes Wasser und hlt dabei einen Stock.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbenen Shirts schieben bei einem Marathon Kinder in Sportwagen.
Ein kleiner Junge pustet Seifenblasen durch einen Stab, der von seiner Mutter gehalten wird.
Ein kleines Mdchen und zwei kleine Jungen spielen tagsber mit Rollern an einem Hafen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in pink-weiem Kleines Mdchen umarmt einen Absolventen.
Auf diesem Foto kniet ein als Baseball-Fnger gekleideter kleiner Junge hinter der Home Plate.
Ein kleiner Junge fhrt auf einem gelben Fahrrad ber einen Stadtplatz.
Ein schwarzer Hund hlt einen schwarzen Vogel im Maul.
Eine Frau in grnem Kleid wartet mit ihrem Gepck.
Ein Mann liegt mit dem Gesicht nach unten auf einem Sitz und schlft mglicherweise.
Ein Pferdesportler springt im Pferdehof in die Luft.
Ein brauner Hund wird im Wasser nass.
Drei kleine Jungen machen Zeichen mit den Hnden und lcheln.
Zwei Mnner und eine Dame gehen mit einem Bier, Orangensaft und einem elektronischen Gert eine Landstrae hinunter.
Einige Menschen essen in einem Food-Court.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem weien Kleid luft ohne Schuhe ber eine unbefestigte Strae in Amerika.
Ein Erwachsener zieht ein Kind aus einem Bllebad.
Der Mann wirft einen Tennisball, den der braune Hund fangen soll.
Menschen fahren im Freizeitpark auf Coney Island mit der Cyclone-Achterbahn.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Hemd hlt ein Paar Kopfhrer.
Mdchen wartet beim Tennisspielen darauf, dass der Ball herunterkommt.
Zwei Jungen spielen im Hof mit einem Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Ein junger Mann sitzt mit seinen Habseligkeiten am Straenrand.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten ein Schild mit der Aufschrift: It's a nice day for a Gay Wedding.
Ein kleiner Junge macht im Park ein Foto.
Ein schwarzer Mann in einem weien Anzug und mit Hut hlt einen Pappbecher.
Zwei Hunde rennen ber den Sand aufeinander zu.
Zwei Mdchen beim Sackhpfen.
Drei Frauen stehen neben einer belebten Kreuzung.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund luft ber den Strand und blickt zurck.
Ein europischer Landwirt legt Heu auf den Boden, um Erosion durch den Fluss zu verhindern.
Zwei Gruppen von Menschen sitzen in einer Nische in einem Lokal.
Drei Frauen springen gleichzeitig in der Nhe einer Kstenstadt.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt einem anderen kleinen Mdchen ein mit Rschen besetztes weies Kleid zur Beurteilung hin.
Menschen schauen fern und essen.
Ein kleines Mdchen vor einer Bibliothek luft durch eine Fontne.
Das hbsche kleine Mdchen durchquert die Rhre.
Ein Hundekopf liegt im Scho eines Menschen, der von einem kleinen Teller isst.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spielen in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein brauner und ein schwarz-brauner Hund laufen am Strand.
Ein Mann mit weier Mtze und Shirt paddelt in einem kleinen blauen Boot.
Ein lchelndes Kind hlt einen langen, gelb-grnen Gegenstand und schaut dabei ein anderes Kind an, das einen hnlichen Gegenstand hlt.
Ein kleiner Junge im Baseball-Outfit schwingt einen Schlger.
Ein Kind mit Schwimmbrille und Badekappe schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Kleine Jungen ben in einem berdachten Schwimmbecken Schwimmen.
Kind in blauem Kleid hlt in einer Hand eine Sandale und isst mit der anderen Hand blaue Zuckerwatte.
Eine Band spielt auf einer Bhne fr ein Publikum.
Ein Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Hemd und ein Mann in einem weien Hemd laufen ber ein Feld.
Ein kleiner weier Hund und ein groer Schferhund spielen in der Nhe von zwei Menschen.
Ein Mann mit Dreadlocks schlendert an einem Straencaf entlang und klimpert dabei auf einer Gitarre.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter vollfhrt ein Kunststck mit seinem Skateboard.
Ein Mann in grauem Hemd steht vor einem Stand mit Schalen mit bunten Pulvern.
Eine Frau in einem violetten Reiterdress reitet auf einem Pferd durch ein Feld.
Kleine Jungen mit Rucksack gehen an einer groen Buddha-Statue vorbei die Strae entlang.
Die Familie ruht sich mit Getrnken auf Gartensthlen aus.
Ein kleiner Junge mit schmutzigem Gesicht liegt auf einem bunten Teppich.
Ein Knstler wartet darauf, eine Person auf der Strae zu zeichnen.
Auf einem Spielplatz steht eine Gruppe kleiner Jungen neben einem anderen Jungen, der auf einer Schaukel sitzt.
Zwei Frauen in weien Kleidern spazieren durch einen Park.
Ein Mann mit einer Zigarette und eine Frau in einem blauen Hemd kssen sich in einer Bar.
Zwei Mnner mit orangefarbenen Westen lehnen ber einem Gelnder.
Ein Hund hpft in einem Feld und ein anderer Hund steht neben ihm.
Eine Frau in rotem Hemd steht vor dem Wandbild einer Kuh.
Ein schwarzer Labrador springt von einem Steg in einen Teich.
Ein Stand mit vielen verschiedenen Trockenfrchten, zum Beispiel Nssen.
Eine Familie mit zwei Babys, Mutter, Vater und einer nicht identifizierten Frau sitzt um einen Tisch herum und isst und trinkt Wein.
Menschen reden bei einer Veranstaltung in einem Park.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist in einem Park an von Bumen umgebenen Picknicktischen versammelt.
Drauen in einem Park stehen acht Menschen neben einem unaufgerumten Picknicktisch.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen am Rand einer belebten Strae.
Frau in Karohemd und Rock hlt eine Pflanze und lchelt.
Ein Mdchen mit einem pinkfarbenen Hut auf dem Kopf luft neben Schafen ber einen staubigen Weg.
Zwei Jungen stehen in der Brandung.
Ein kleines Kind amsiert sich beim Spiel in einem Auto, auf dem die Comicfigur Barney abgebildet ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit blondem Haar schaut auf die Menge hinunter.
Ein Mann kniet neben einem knallroten Kajak, hinter ihm befinden sich mehrere Schilder von Kajak- und Kanugeschften.
Ein hellbrauner Hund und ein schwarzer Hund kmpfen.
Eine alte Frau in einem Mbelgeschft, ein kleiner Hund schaut whrend sie fortgeht.
Ein Mann auf einem Surfbrett fhrt auf einer Riesenwelle.
Der kleine Junge bewirft das barfige Mdchen im Teich mit Schlamm.
Ein Mann hlt eine trkische Flagge aus einem Autofenster.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd mit einer braunen Baseballkappe isst Eier in einem Lokal.
Junge rutscht mit ausgestreckten Armen die Rutsche hinunter.
Ein Mann in Neongrn macht vor einem Gebude mit mehreren Graffiti sauber.
Ein kleiner Junge posiert drauen auf einer Steinmauer.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Zpfen in einem pinkfarbenen Pullover greift nach dem Bein eines kleinen Jungen.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen spielen.
Ein Hund beit eine Katze, whrend sie nebeneinander auf dem Bett liegen.
Sechs Arbeiter auf einer Straenbaustelle.
Ein Junge sitzt an einem Tisch und schreibt in sein Notizbuch.
Ein Vater und sein Kind sitzen bei einem Barbecue auf einer Bank.
Ein Tennisspieler in rotem Hemd ist kurz davor, mit dem Schlger einen Tennisball zu schlagen.
Eine Frau in einem weien Hemd hlt einen Brotlaib hoch.
Zwei langhaarige Mdchen springen auf einem Trampolin.
Eine Frau mit Blumenkranz spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart und schwarzem Hut hlt einen kleinen gelben Gegenstand fr die Kamera hoch.
Zwei schwarze Hunde schwimmen in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mdchen macht mit einem pinkfarbenen Stift Notizen zu ihrem Buch.
Junger Erwachsener in grnem Hemd mit rotem Haar schreibt auf einem Blatt Papier.
Ein kleiner Junge macht auf einer Wiese Seifenblasen.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Stirnband arbeitet bei einem Bauprojekt.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Bikini ist im Wasser.
Menschen sind damit beschftigt, im Hotel zu essen.
Mehrere Menschen in einem Raum schauen eine Wand an, auf die Bilder projiziert sind.
Mehrere Menschen spielen in einem Raum gemeinsam auf Instrumenten.
Ein Junge schiebt einen Einkaufswagen, in dem ein anderer, kleinerer Junge steht.
Ein Kind dreht einen Hand-Hubschrauber auf einer Wiese.
Ein kleines Mdchen schaut die vielen frischen Erzeugnisse an, die es auf dem Markt zu kaufen gibt.
Ein roter Hund steht an einem felsigen Ufer und hat die Pfoten im Meer.
Zwei Hunde stehen brusttief im Wasser, daneben ist ein Stock.
Ein groer brauner Hund und ein groer schwarz-weier Hund rennen zusammen.
Zwei braune Hunde spielen in seichtem Wasser.
Ein informell gekleidetes Orchester probt in einem leeren Zuhrerraum.
Eine junge Frau in Tanktop und Hosenrock trgt ein Baby.
Das Kind hlt eine Kamera nah dran.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Kinderwagen eine nasse Strae entlang, neben ihm luft ein Kind.
Ein Mann sitzt und schweit einen Gegenstand.
Eine Familie springt im heimischen Wohnzimmer in ein Schlauchboot.
Das schwarz-weie Tier ist im Gras.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd macht auf einer stdtischen Strae ein Kunststck mit Feuer.
Eine Gruppe von Musikern ist versammelt, um zu musizieren.
Zwei schwarz-wei angemalte nackte Frauen fahren mit dem Fahrrad auf der Strae.
Eine Frau mit freiem Oberkrper ist mit Schlamm bedeckt.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd bereitet Essen auf einem Grill zu.
Eine afrikanische Frau steht neben einem Lattenzaun am Straenrand.
Ein Mann mit Karohemd und grnem Hut mht neben dem Gehsteig den Rasen.
Ein Paar in einem Restaurant hlt Hndchen.
Eine orientalische Frau mit einem Hut auf dem Kopf luft die belebte Strae entlang.
Ein Hund mit einer Frisbee schwimmt in einem See.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein brauner Hund rennen im Sand umher.
Eine Gruppe Kids springt in ein Schwimmbecken.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Kostm und flauschigen schwarzen Flgeln fhrt Fahrrad.
Ein Mann spielt Keyboard und ein anderer Mann spielt Trommel.
Jungen stehen von einem Ziegelbau, einer der Jungen rennt los.
Eine geschftige Frau posiert schnell fr ein Foto, whrend sie die Kche wischt.
Eine Gruppe Kinder stehen unter mehreren Bannern und strecken die Arme ber den Kopf.
Ein lterer Mann luft die Strae entlang, ohne auf die Menschen um ihn herum zu achten.
Ein Junge in einem weien T-Shirt planscht im seichten Wasser.
Ein Auto parkt in einer Strae voller Graffiti.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen im Feenkostm fhrt auf einem pink-violetten Dreirad.
Eine Gruppe Kinder rennt mit einem Hund einen grasbewachsenen Hgel hinunter.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blondem Haar spielt mit Sand und einer Schaufel.
Zwei Mnner mit freiem Oberkrper putzen ein Dach.
Zwei Menschen gehen bei Sonnenuntergang am Strand auf eine Gruppe von Menschen zu.
Ein Tennisspieler in weiem Dress schlgt einen Tennisball.
Ein traurig aussehender Mann fhrt mit einem Stadtbus und hlt ein Tuch.
Zwei Mnner auf einer umzuntem unbefestigten Flche.
Ein einzelner Schaukler auf dem Kettenkarussell auf einem Jahrmarkt.
Zwei Mnner gehen am Strand entlang und tragen Angelruten.
Ein Mann mit Brille in einem weien Hemd rhrt Essen auf dem Herd um.
Zwei Frauen machen drauen auf einer Aschenbahn Fotos.
Zwei braun-weie Hunde, von denen einer ber einen Baumstamm springt, whrend der andere dahinter durchs Gras luft.
Ein Mann hat die Schuhe ausgezogen, sitzt auf der Bank und schaut die groe Fontne an.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Schwarz sitzen an einem Kchentresen und sehen zu, wie eine Frau in rotem Tanktop auf einem Schneidbrett Teig mischt.
Menschen gehen an einem Strand einen Gehweg entlang.
Drei Frauen in unterschiedlichen Posen auf einem von Bambusbumen gesumten Weg.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd liest die Aufschrift auf der Seite einer Schssel.
Eine Dame steht in einer Kche vor dem Herd und brt etwas in einer Bratpfanne.
Ein Junge luft bei Au Bon Pain zwischen Sthlen und Tischen entlang.
Ein Mann in einem Jeansoverals fhrt auf einem Segway einen Gehsteig in der Stadt entlang.
Ein Erwachsener ist in einer Hngematte und hlt das Bein eines sehr kleinen Kindes.
Drei Frauen sonnen sich auf einer Felsformation, die an ein Gewsser angrenzt.
Ein Mann vollfhrt einen Trick: Eine Dame zertrmmert mit einem Vorschlaghammer einen Klotz auf seinem Bauch.
Zwei weie Hunde laufen nebeneinander im grnen Gras.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten auf einem Stahlgerst.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen nimmt an einem Marathon auf einer Strae in der Stadt teil.
Eine Gruppe von Cheerleadern in schwarz-orangefarbenen Outfits jubelt.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke steht ober auf einer Leiter, die von einer Frau in einer roten Jacke gehalten wird.
Zwei Mnner mit Bauarbeiterhelm und reflektierenden Sicherheitswesten bei der Arbeit.
Ein Turner auf einer gelben Matte auf dem Rasen beugt sich nach vorn.
Kinder spielen bei einem Fuballspiel mit.
Mehrere Frauen, die pinkfarbene Energizer-Hasenohren tragen, zeigen nach rechts.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt von einem Steg ins Wasser.
Fischer bringen ihre Netze nher an die Kste, im Wasser befindet sich ein mit den Netzen verbundenes Boot.
Groer Hund und groe Katze auf Ziegelpflaster schauen sich an.
Ein Mann geht am Strand entlang und hinterlsst Fuspuren.
Ein Baby sitzt auf einem Reifen und hlt ein Spielzeug.
Um die Fe eines Abenteurers, der sich in eine unterirdische Hhle hineingrbt, liegen Gesteinsbrocken .
Ein alter Mann sitzt auf einer Bank mit Blick aufs Wasser.
Ein Mitarbeiter eines Eiswagens sitzt auf der Flanke des Eiswagens.
Eine Menschenmenge steht vor einem pinkfarbenen Finish-Schild herum.
Ein Kleinkind spielt mit seinen Plastik-Spielzeugen auf dem Gehsteig, eine Frau mit einer Einkaufstasche lehnt an einer grnen Metallstange.
Eine Frau und zwei Kinder mit Hten auf dem Kopf laufen einen Weg entlang.
Eine wunderschne Dame sitzt in einem hellblauen Kleid an einem Tisch.
Menschen versammeln sich zu einer Veranstaltung in der Stadt.
Der kleine wei-braune Hund schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Kleines Mdchen posiert, im Hintergrund ist eine Menschenmenge.
Ein Junge in roter Weste und weiem Karateanzug macht Sparring mit einem Jungen in einer blauen Weste.
Drei Brautjungfern in blauen Kleidern halten die Schleppe eines Hochzeitskleids.
Eine Frau im Hochzeitskleid inspiziert einen Blumenstrau.
Brautjungfern und Trauzeugen posieren mit dem Brautpaar fr ein Foto.
Ein verheiratetes Paar posiert an einem bewlkten Tag auf einem grasbewachsenen Hgel fr Fotos.
Ein verheiratetes Paar blickt hinaus aufs Wasser.
Zwei Menschen sitzen im Dunkeln neben einem brennenden Feuer.
Eine Frau luft bei einem Marathon mit.
Ein mglicherweise betrunkener Mann liegt auf dem Boden neben einer belebten Strae.
Ein lterer Mann hlt ein Kleinkind, das in eine blau-weie Decke gewickelt ist.
Ein Mann im Park klettert. 
Eine junge Frau mit  abgesehen von Farbe oder Schlamm  freiem Oberkrper.
Ein Skateboardfahrer macht ein Kunststck in der Luft auf einer Skateboardrampe.
Zwei Hunde spielen auf einem Schulhof.
In einem gepflasterten Bereich in der Nhe des Strands sitzt ein Mann mittleren Alters, der von einer weien Familie umringt ist, und malt ein Portrt von jemandem.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern wird in der Verwendung von Computern unterrichtet.
Wir geloben ewige Treue auf was immer Sie wnschen, wenn Sie uns nur etwas zu essen geben.
Eine Frau in pinkfarbenem Hemd malt einen Stern auf die amerikanische Flagge.
Ein obdachloser Mann mit weier Kappe steht hinter groen orangefarbenen Kegeln.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen auf dem Boden.
Slumbewohner zeigen, wie sie versuchen sauber zu machen.
Zwei Jungen stehen in einer armen Gegend auf einem Mllhaufen.
Ein Mann schlft, der andere springt auf seinem Bett, beide sind wei gekleidet und scheinen indischstmmig zu sein.
Ein kleiner Junge und vier Truthhne gehen.
Das Mdchen schaukelt frhlich auf einer Schaukel im Freien.
Skateboardfahrer vollfhrt einen spektakulren Sprung auf einer Treppe.
Ein Bauarbeiter trgt Kanthlzer 5 auf 10 vor einer krzlich errichteten Holzwand.
Ein Mann geht mit einer Kuh einen Gehsteig entlang.
Ein hawaiianischer Mann mit freiem Oberkrper und mit einer pinkfarbenen Blume im Haar und einem grnen Umschlagtuch spielt ein Instrument.
Eine farbenfroher Umzug zu Ehren von Fotos, die auf einer Tafel angebracht sind.
In einem Wohnzimmer bereitet sich ein kleiner Junge mit einem Spielzeug-Stethoskop darauf vor, den Herzschlag einer Frau abzuhren.
Ein Mdchen steht am Ufer eines Flusses und greift nach unten ins Wasser.
Eine Frau mit Locken schaut durch eine groe Auslage von Geldbrsen auf einem Tisch.
Ein Hund jagt ein Reh in den Wald.
Ein Mann in blau-kariertem Hemd beit in etwas zu essen.
Ein asiatischer Mann putzt sich an einem weien Waschbecken die Zhne.
Ein Mdchen schaukelt einen kleinen Jungen in der Nhe eines Torbogens an.
Ein frhliches Baby trgt eine orangefarbene Rettungsweste.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber ein Feld mit hohem Gras.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt auf einem Sofa und nippt an Getrnken.
Mutter und Tochter gehen auf der Strae an einem Zeitung lesenden Mann vorbei.
Der Hund mit der Nummer4 ist in Fhrung vor den anderen Hunden.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke mit einem weien Lngsstreifen auf dem rmel lchelt.
Zwei Damen sitzen und schauen etwas an.
Ein gut gekleideter Mann schlft vor der Scheibe eines Geschfts mit Werbung fr Bcher.
Sitzender Jugendlicher versucht, unter Befolgung der Anleitung ein Modell fertigzubauen.
Ein Mensch auf einem Motorrad fhrt auf einem Parkplatz nur auf dem Hinterrad.
Ein kleiner Hund jagt einen Tennisball auf dem Pflaster.
Eine Frau zeigt bei einer Hundeshow einen Hund mit sehr langem Fell.
Ein weihaariger Mann in Bluejeans und weiem T-Shirt meielt einen Gegenstand.
Zwei Mnner interagieren mit irgendeiner mechanischen Vorrichtung, die an einer Wand befestigt ist.
Indischer Mann mit groem Mobiltelefon.
Eine barfige Frau in einem Tanktop betrachtet in einem Gang in einem Geschft Spielzeuge.
Eine farbenfroh gekleidete Person posiert mit einem blau-weien Schirm.
Ein Mann schweit, ohne geeignete Sicherheitsausrstung zu tragen.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht im Freien ein Foto.
Kajakfahrer mit Schutzhelm und blauem Kajak trotzt strmischem Wasser.
Ein Mensch springt von einem hohen Stein.
Ein Mann in seinem Atelier betrachtet seine in Bearbeitung befindliche Skulptur.
Ein Junge schaukelt in der Luft.
Ein braun-weier Hund luft neben einem Mann auf einem Skateboard.
Ein Arbeiter blickt in die Ferne, hinter ihm steht eine China-Shipping-Kiste.
Der graue Hund hat die Augen geschlossen.
Ein kleiner Junge reitet auf einem roten Pferd.
Ein kleiner Hund betrachtet einen Tennisball in der Luft, in der Nhe sitzt ein Papagei.
Ein blondes Kind geht an der Schaufensterauslage eines Geschfts vorbei.
Zwei ltere Mnner be- oder entladen im Freien einen Anhnger voller riesiger weier Zylinder.
Ein weier Hund sitzt auf einem steinigen Rasen.
Ein  kleiner Junge in Shorts und rotem Hemd hebt auf einer aufblasbaren Rutsche ab.
Polizisten auf Motorrdern geleiten eine Autokolonne.
Zwei Mnner, ein jngerer und ein lterer, unterhalten sich, whrend die weise Eule schweigend zuhrt.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille auf der Nase steckt einen Chip in den Mund.
Zwei Mnner umarmen einander zur Begrung.
Menschen fahren auf Motorrollern eine belebte Strae entlang.
Ein Mdchen mit pinkfarbenem Hut schaut aus einem Wasserbecken heraus.
Der kleine Junge bckt sich, um ein Tier anzuschauen.
Mehrere Jugendliche in schwarz-weien Hemden und Bluejeans gehen eine Strae entlang.
Ein schwarzer Hund jagt einen roten Ball durchs Wasser.
Eine Frau bgelt in einem Schlafzimmer mit Parkettboden.
Ein Mann in einer Menschenmenge hebt bittend die Arme.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist um einen Ziegelbau versammelt, auf dessen Dach sich drei Mnner befinden.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem lilafarbenen Badeanzug macht neben dem Becken eine Pause.
Ein Mann in Schwarz kauft etwas an der Kasse eines Geschfts.
Ein junger Mann zndet ein Feuerzeug an, ein anderer schaut zu.
Zwei Mnner umarmen sich in einer Menschenmenge vor einer Ziegelwand.
Ein Softballspieler rennt zur Home Plate.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Arbeitern scheint an Ausschachtungen oder Reparaturen einer Strae zu arbeiten, whrend eine Frau und ein Mann an ihnen vorbeigehen und eine schwarze Limousine vorbeifhrt.
Bauarbeiter gieen Zement in ein Loch am Straenrand.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten mit einem Zementmischer und gieen Zement in ein Loch in einer Strae.
Der Mensch auf dem Fahrrad trgt Rot.
Ein lterer Junge hat unter einem Mammutbaum den Arm um ein jngeres Kind gelegt.
Ein Mann macht bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien Ballonfiguren.
Ein Kleinkind und ein Baby spielen am Ende einer Rutsche.
Ein Mann mit buschigem Bart in pinkfarbenem Hemd lchelt.
Eine Frau setzt ihren Hut ab und blickt dabei an die Decke.
Rennhunde whrend des Laufens in der Luft.
Zwei Jungen in weien Umhngen rennen ber einen Weg auf einem Feld.
Ein alter Mann steht vor einem heruntergekommenen Gebude.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack sitzt auf einem umgefallenen Baumstamm beim Fluss.
Zwei Menschen stehen auf einer belebten Strae neben einem nackten Gitarrenspieler.
Drei Mnner arbeiten an einem groen Glasrahmen.
Ein Hund mit einem Stock folgt einem anderen Hund durchs Wasser.
Eine ltere Frau in schwarzem Oberteil liest konzentriert ein Buch am Kchentisch.
Ein lchelnder Junge lsst sich in einem Wasserbecken treiben.
Ein groer brauner Hund schwimmt auf die Kamera zu.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen am Strand, whrend die Sonne untergeht.
Die junge Dame mit dem roten Shirt steht vor der Menschenmenge.
Drei Polizeiautos werden bentigt, um einen Verdchtigen festzunehmen.
Ein Schulkind schaut ein Zitronensaft-Geschft an und wrde den Saft gern probieren.
Eine lchelnde Frau hlt in der Nhe eines Mannes einen Kuchen.
Whrend andere zuschauen, springt ein kleines Mdchen in ein Schwimmbecken und eine Frau streckt die Arme nach ihr aus.
Stdtische Baumarbeiter sind in Geschirren aufgehngt und stutzen einen Baum.
Mnner singen Blues in einem der tollen Orchestervorspiele mit freundlicher Untersttzung des Shell Konzerns in den USA.
Ein Kind hat den Kopf durch ein Loch in einer hlzernen Kuh gesteckt.
Ein Hund fngt einen Tennisball auf einem Flecken grnem Gras.
Ein Hund hpft durchs grne Gras.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen giet Pflanzen neben der Einfahrt, auf dem Gehsteig geht eine Dame vorbei.
Das kleine Kind schaukelt im Hinterhof.
Ein braun-schwarzer Kampfhund wird von einem Mann trainiert, der einem Stock in der Hand hlt.
Der groe beigefarbene Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Eine Frau in pinkfarbenem Hemd spielt Jenga, whrend zwei Erwachsene zuschauen.
Ein Hund springt ber einen Zaun in einem Hindernisparcours.
Ein Mdchen in geblmten Kleid weint auf einer Sanddne.
Ein Mann blickt ber einen groen, schneebedeckten Berg.
Zwei Menschen in Jacken gehen an einem Exponat in einem Museum vorbei, um das mehrere Menschen herumstehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in pinkfarbener Hose giet Topfpflanzen.
Eine Menschenmenge hat sich neben einem Feld mit bunten Wildblumen versammelt.
Ein schnell rennender Windhund bei einem Rennen.
Ein orangefarbenes Kanu bewegt sich auf zwei andere Kanus auf einem See zu.
Eine Frau betreibt in einer Turnhalle Kampfsport.
Dame mit Strohhut und Flipflops beobachtet, wie der geworfene Gegenstand durch die Luft fliegt.
Drei Frauen und ein kleines Mdchen spielen mit einem kleinen Welpen.
Ein kleiner Junge in grnem Hemd hlt eine groe Schlange.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einer Mauer neben weien Kreuzen auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann in gelber Jacke fhrt auf einem mit mehreren Paketen beladenen gelben Fahrrad auf der Strae.
Fnf kleine Mdchen in Gelb spielen in einem Zimmer mit Spielzeugen.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Schal tritt aus einem Gebude.
Ein Kind im Pullover hat einen Stift im Mund.
Ein Junge in Blau trinkt aus einer Tasse, im Hintergrund sind andere Kinder.
Eine Kuhfarm am Fue eines Berges in der Nhe eines Sees.
Drei Kajakfahrer fahren im Wasser an schneebedeckten Bergen entlang.
Kinder spielen gemeinsam ein Videospiel.
Ein Junge mit Helm als Fnger, der seine behandschuhte Hand zum Fangen ausstreckt.
Ein Mann steht und schaut in die Ferne, whrend die Sonne hinter einem Holzbau hervorlugt.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einem Felsen mit Blick auf ein baumbestandenes Tal.
Eine Frau mit Kopftuch in der Wste.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Badeanzug lacht neben einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein brauner Hund neben einer Steinbank.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in Karateanzgen macht Futritte in die Luft.
Zwei Hunde ziehen in kniehohem Wasser von beiden Seiten an einer Scheibe.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen unter einem steinernen Torbogen und lesen Zeitung.
Ein Mann im England-Trikot steht auf einer Wiese.
Ein Kind steht geduckt auf einem Ast.
Ein Mann steuert auf den Schatten einer Untefhrung zu.
Ein Hund schwimmt im Wasser und hlt dabei einen Stock im Maul.
Ein Bauarbeiter steht oben auf einer Holzkonstruktion.
Diese Mnner sind in einem Kfig und bauen etwas, das aussieht wie ein Fundament.
Ein Kind springt verkehrt herum auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Kind in einem weien Kleid geht an einem Tisch neben einem Teich vorbei.
Ein Mensch reitet vor Publikum auf einem buckelnden Tier.
Zwei Knstlerinnen in Kostmen stehen auf der Strae neben einem Gebude.
Ein Kind mit Hut und weiem Hemd sitzt.
Kleiner Junge bereitet Essen auf einem Grill im Hinterhof.
Ein Mann springt auf einem schneebedeckten Berghang in die Luft.
Vier weibliche Menschen, einer davon ein Kind in pinkfarbenem Hemd, das eine Maske trgt.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Park scheint sich zu amsieren.
Zwei Mnner stehen am Mittelstreifen einer Strae in der Stadt.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut Lufern bei einem Marathon zu.
Zwei Mnner stehen vor einem Gebude, auf das jemand Wrter gesprht hat.
Ein kleiner Junge fhrt mit dem Skateboard auf einer Betonrampe.
Ein hellbrauner Hund schttelt sich Wasser aus dem Fell.
Ein grauhaariger Mann steht mit einem gelben Eimer im Wasser.
Eine Frau mit einem Kopftuch sitzt neben einem blau gekleideten kleinen Jungen.
Zwei Hunde schauen einen Menschen an.
Ein kleiner Junge in rotem Hemd und Baseballkappe kniet in seichtem Wasser mit einem gelben Eimmer voll Sand.
Zwei kleine Hunde jagen einen roten gestreiften Ball.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einem groen Baumstumpf.
Kleiner Junge isst ein rotes Stieleis.
Mitglieder einer Band treten in weier Kleidung auf, whrend hinter ihnen der Schlagzeuger sitzt.
Ein Mann steht abends auf der Strae.
Ein mnnlicher und zwei weibliche Wanderer posieren vor einer Berglandschaft.
Ein Kleinkind spielt auf einem Spielplatz.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt in der Nhe vom Meer.
Zwei kleine Kinder, ein Junge und ein Mdchen, stehen neben einem redenden Straenhndler.
Ein brauner Hund schnffelt am Schwanz eines grauen Hundes.
Eine Frau im Hochzeitskleid putzt Zhne.
Ein Fotograf lugt zwischen Felshgeln hervor, um ein Foto zu machen.
Mensch mit pinkfarbener Skihose mit Skiern auf einer Piste.
Ein Mann fhrt Fahrrad, whrend hinter einer Brcke die Sonne untergeht.
Mehrere Menschen laufen eine malerische einspurige Landstrae entlang.
Ein kleines Kind sitzt auf mehreren Kissen und hat ein grnes Tablett mit kleingeschnittenem Essen vor sich.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund hpft ber ein Feld.
Ein Mdchen mit kurzgeschnittenem Haar bereitet Essen auf einem Grill zu.
Ein Junge blickt mrrisch, whrend sein Vater in die Kamera schaut.
Schwarzer Hund mit schwarz-hellbraunem Gesicht luft durchs Wasser.
Ein Militrangehriger spricht auf der Strae mit einem anderen.
Ein Mann mit ungepflegtem Bart verteilt Flyer neben einigen Fahrrdern, die an ein Tor angekettet sind.
Das Mdchen hlt einen grnen Ball.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen mit einer pinkfarbenen Tasche geht ber eine belebte stdtische Strae davon.
Junger Mann gibt damit an, wie er vor seiner Freundin von einer Klippe springt.
Die beiden kleinen Hunde rennen ber das Gras.
Eine Frau in weiem Hemd geht den Brgersteig entlang.
Frau mit schwarzem Sonnenhut, schwarzem Kleid und schwarzen UGG-Clogs luft ber einen stdtischen Platz.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Anzgen ringen miteinander.
Ein asiatischer Mann und eine asiatische Frau sind einander gegenber und machen wtende Gesichter.
Zwei Frauen gehen gemeinsam ber eine Strae.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbenen Overalls gehen eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt mit einem Blatt Papier in der Hand da.
Der groe brauner Hund springt in ein Schwimmbecken.
Drei Menschen stehen in einem Geschft im Gang mit den gekhlten Sften.
Ein kleines Mdchen platziert ein kleines Bild auf einer Schaumstoffunterlage.
Kleines Mdchen mit blauen Augen isst Kekse.
Fnf Menschen springen fr einen Fototermin vor einem Brunnen in die Luft.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner, die mit ihren Skateboards in einem Park abhngen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen isst in einem Restaurant, hinter ihnen ist ein Wandbild von einer Dame beim Einkaufen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit zombieartig geschminktem Gesicht klettert auf ein Steingebilde.
Zwei Frauen auf einer Couch, die Frau in Wei scheint etwas zu erklren, das sie in der Hand hlt.
Bordercollie springt in die Luft und fngt einen Tennisball.
Eine Frau posiert mit Sonnenbrille in Form von Dollarzeichen und einem silbernen Koffer voller Geldscheine, auf dem LUCKY steht.
Ein blondes Mdchen macht Karate und durchtrennt mit einem Futritt Holzblcke.
Ein Mensch mit Helm auf dem Kopf fhrt auf der Strae Fahrrad.
Halbnackter Mann springt in ein Gewsser.
Ein Bauarbeiter zeigt auf einen Gegenstand oder Bereich, der im Foto nicht zu sehen ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen fhrt in einem Geschft vorne im Einkaufswagen.
Eine Frau in einem blau-weien Hemd trgt einen Cowboyhut.
Frau mit dunkler Brille und Baseballmtze telefoniert mit ihrem Mobiltelefon.
Stdtischer Arbeiter, der die Strae entlang luft, aus der Vogelperspektive.
Mann fhrt auf einem Flughafen ein JAL-Fahrzeug.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt in einem gelben Tunnel auf einem Spielplatz.
Eine Frau mit langen blonden Haaren greift auf den Rcksitz ihres Autos.
Ein blonder Junge in rotem Hemd und blauen Shorts malt auf Leinwand.
Ein Junge rutscht eine aufblasbare Wasserrutsche hinunter.
Ein Mdchen im Kleid springt drauen in die Luft.
Zwei Frauen stehen am Ende eines Gangs bei Target und schauen auf eine Einkaufsliste.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt drauen auf der Terrasse und malt ein Bild aus.
Eine Frau luft ohne Schuhe ber einen Parkplatz.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt mit einem unausgepackten Geschenk in der Hand neben einem kleinen Weihnachtsbaum und trgt einen Lampenschirm auf dem Kopf.
Gartenarbeit macht Spa und entspannt.
Zwei Frauen beim Kickboxen, die Frau in Rot blockt einen Futritt der grinsenden anderen Frau in Blau.
Ein Hund lsst an einem Strand eine rote Scheibe fallen.
Vier Teenager spielen in einem Keller das Videospiel Rock Band und haben einen Mordsspa dabei.
Eine Frau in rotem Hemd hlt ein Mobiltelefon.
Zwei Mdchen in einer Menschenmenge sind verkleidet, eins davon als die Comicfigur Wall-E.
Menschen unterhalten sich an einem Esstisch unter einer berdachung.
Eine Braut und ein Brutigam, die Blumenkrnze tragen, schneiden ihre Hochzeitstorte an.
Mnnliche Cheerleader halten eine weibliche Cheerleaderin auf einem Football-Feld in die Hhe.
Eine Gruppe bunt gekleideter dreht gleichzeitig Stcke.
Ein kleiner Junge hat aus einer grnen Tasse Milch verschttet.
Ein Mann steht oben auf einem felsigen Hgel.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann passt auf einen Obstladen auf.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd sitzt am Tisch und arbeitet an einem Computerprojekt.
Streichorchester und Dirigent sind im Scheinwerferlicht, rundherum ist Dunkelheit.
Ein Mann grillt Hotdogs, whrend im Hintergrund zwei andere Mnner essen.
Eine Mutter und ihr Sohn sitzen drauen.
Eine Frau hlt ein Kind und liest.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf der Terrasse und unterhalten sich.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt drauen an einem Tisch, isst Speisen und trinkt alkoholische Getrnke.
Der Junge mit offenem Hemd streckt den Arm in die Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge in gestreiftem Hemd lehnt an einem Baum, whrend ein anderes Kind an einem Picknicktisch sitzt.
Strand mit Mensch in rotem Tanktop, der unter einem kleinen Baum sitzt.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd renoviert seine Kche und prpariert die Wand, vor der sich der Kchentresen befinden wird. 
Ein Junge springt auf eine aufblasbare Wasserrutsche.
Ein Mann wird bei einem Rodeo von einem Pferd abgeworfen.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein grerer Junge und ein mittelalter Junge schauen auf einen Computerbildschirm und lachen.
Ein Kind nimmt Erde in den Mund.
Sechs Frauen warten darauf, ein Dixie-Klo auf einer Wiese zu benutzen. 
Ein Mann bereitet einen Drachen vor zum Steigenlassen.
Zwei Frauen in Tutus und Stulpen bleiben zu einer Unterhaltung stehen.
Kinder spielen neben einer Fontne Bockspringen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in pinkfarbenem Hemd streckt die Hand nach einem grnen Ballon aus.
Frau fhrt ihren kleinen Hund durch einen Hindernisparcours.
Wir lieben diesen Garten und genieen jeden Sommerabend.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack spricht mit einer Frau in schwarzem Hemd.
Eine Frau will in einem Heimwerkermarkt ein Kochfeld kaufen und hat gefunden, was sie sucht.
Eine Frau in violettem Oberteil mit weier Mtze joggt die Strae entlang.
Ein rothaariges kleines Mdchen in Violett angelt in einem Boot drauen auf einem See.
Ein Mann luft auf einem niedrigen Seil unter einem Baum.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einem beigefarbenen Stuhle neben einem Plsch-SpongeBob-Schwammkopf.
Ein Mann fhrt auf dem Pier Fahrrad.
Ein braun-weier Windhund mit der Nummer5 mitten in der Luft beim Rennen.
Eine Frau kommt am Ufer vorbei.
Eine Gruppe Kinder im Keller einer Kirche spielen Rasseln und Schellenkrnze.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt um einen Swimmingpool herum.
Ein lchelnder Mensch in schwarzem rmellosem Hemd schlgt einen Nagel in ein Stck Holz.
Eine Engelsstatue ist an der Seite eines Gebudes angebracht.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein kleiner Junge sitzen auf einer Holzkiste und lesen Bcher.
Ein lchelnder Mann auf dem Fahrersitz eines Autos dreht sich zum Rcksitz um.
Ein Junge lchelt und schwimmt im blauen Wasser.
Ein rotes Auto gert in eine Explosion.
Ein Mann geht zur Stirnseite eines Konferenzraums.
Drachenflieger bei Sonnenuntergang.
Eine fliegende Maschine mit einem gelben Segel landet, im Hintergrund sind Industriegebude.
Menschen in einer berfllten Strae in der Stadt.
Jeder auf der Strae in der Stadt scheint mit eigenen Dingen beschftigt zu sein.
Ein Kind und seine Mutter beim Ballspielen in einem Park.
Stehender Mann in kamelhaarfarbener Jacke blicket auf den Steinweg.
Ein Mann mit Beatmungsmaske meielt einen Ritter in eine Ziegelwand.
Drei Mnner schauen zu, wie zwei andere Mnner einen frisch gegrilltes Schwein im Hinterhof zerlegen.
Ein Mann fngt von einem Boot aus einen Fisch.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht und sitzt herum bei etwas, das aussieht wie eine Brgerversammlung.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt essend und redend an einem Tisch.
Eine Frau in einem Spaghettitrger-Oberteil und ein Junge mit freiem Oberkrper und roten Shorts spielen mit einem bergroen Schachbrett.
Ein Kind isst aus einer Essensbox zum Mitnehmen.
Ein Mann schaut zu, wie ein Kind ein Spiel spielt.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid berquert die Strae.
Ein lterer Mann in einem weien Hemd tritt durch eine Glastr aus einem Gebude.
Zwei Kinder mit Ballons in der Hand und eine Frau sind auf einem Gehsteig, ein Auto fhrt zur Seite weg.
Ein Kind mit freiem Oberkrper spielt auf einer Pferde-Schaukel aus Gummi und hlt dabei die Hand einer Frau.
Drei Kinder essen gemeinsam auf einer Picknickbank.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd schiet Feuerwerkskrper von einer Mole ins Wasser.
Neben einem See bckt sich ein Mann, um einen Feuerwerkskrper anzuznden.
Zwei ltere Jungen in Kapuzenpullis liegen auf einer Matratze in einem Laden, zwei jngere Mdchen schauen zu.
Ein brauner Hund rennt auf Gras.
Ein Mann steht in der Mitte des Sees in seinem kleinen Boot.
Ein Kid in Violett macht ein Kunststck mit dem Skateboard.
Eine Gruppe Damen feiert.
Eine Frau zeigt auf etwas, whrend andere Fotos machen.
Ein grauer Hund mit blauen Augen liegt auf einem hellblauen Teppich und kaut auf etwas.
Ein stdtischer Arbeiter bereitet das Fllen eines Baumes vor.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden sitzt, um etwas zu essen.
Ein Junge spielt drauen auf einer Spielzeugrutsche.
Ein kleines Mdchen in rotem Hemd schlgt einen Tennisball mit einem pinkfarbenen Schlger.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und macht eine Pause von den Bauarbeiten.
Ein groes weies Rohr wird auf einen Anhnger heruntergelassen, whrend zwei Arbeiter danebenstehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt ein weinendes Baby.
In einer Turnhalle trainiert ein Junge im Teenageralter zusammen mit seiner Mannschaft mit dem Schwert.
Ein kleiner Hund sitzt auf dem angewinkelten Knie eines Menschen.
Ein Priester mit einer kleinen blauen Tasche in der Hand geht die Strae entlang und telefoniert mit einem Mobiltelefon.
Ein Mann giet ein Getrnk in ein Glas, eine Frau schaut zu.
Der Junge luft in grauen Shorts und mit freiem Oberkrper.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen faulenzt auf einer groen Wiese.
Ein Mann in grauem T-Shirt schaufelt Zement von einer Schubkarre.
Ein Mann mit Hut grbt neben einem Zaun.
Ein Mann schneidet Holz fr den Zaun, den er gerade baut.
Ein braunes Pferd tritt auf einen Mann mit Cowboyhut.
Ein Mann in gestreiftem Hemd tanzt vor einer Band.
Ein Baby mit einem blauen Bandana spielt mit einer Reihe bunter Ringe.
Zwei Menschen fahren einen Fluss hinunter, im Hintergrund ist eine Fugngerbrcke.
Zwei Menschen in einem Kanu fahren an einer bewaldeten Felsklippe vorbei.
Eine Frau in blauer Bluse und Jeans fhrt Fahrrad.
Jemand in grnem Hemd rennt hinter einem kleinen Hund.
Die Frau trgt ein violettes Shirt und luft am Strand.
Ein lteres Paar sitzt im Auenbereich eines Restaurants und geniet Wein.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd hocken in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann schlgt einen Nagel in einen Balken.
Zwei braune Hunde am Sandstrand jagen einander und kmpfen spielerisch.
Eine kurzhaarige Dame mit weiem Tanktop macht Fotos.
Eine Gruppe Kinder vor einem Gebude, darunter ein Junge, der im Gras springt.
Zwei Mnner unter Schirmen bei einem Hofflohmarkt.
Ein Mann schwimmt in einem kleinen Boot eine Wasserstrae in einer Stadt hinunter.
Frauen am Strand mit einem kleinen Mdchen.
Zwei alte Mnner mit Hten stehen mit Akkordeons zwischen Autos.
Ein kleiner Junge zieht das Gesicht aus einem Blaubeerkuchen.
Ein Junge kickt einen riesigen Baseball, whrend eine Gruppe von Kindern zuschaut.
Ein Welpe wird mit einem Fhn getrocknet.
Ein kleines Kind in pinkfarbenem Kapuzenpulli geht eine groe Treppe im Freien hoch.
Ein kleiner Junge springt aus dem Schwimmbecken.
Ein ses brnettes kleines Mdchen sttzt sich mit der Hand an die Wand.
Zwei junge Frauen stehen neben einem Red-Bull-Auto.
Eine Frau, die ein Bndel auf dem Kopf trgt, fhrt zwei Esel auf einer schlammigen Strae.
Papa amsiert sich mit seinem Sohn im Schwimmbecken.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Karohemd teilt Essen aus einem Topf aus.
Ein kleiner Hund jagt einen Ball.
Kleiner Junge ist Lolli und tanzt auf der Strae.
Ein Mann im grnen Hemd sitzt zwischen zahlreichen freien roten Sitzen.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper unterhlt sich mit einem sitzenden Mann, whrend eine blonde Frau schlft.
Ein Baseball-Schlagmann hlt einen fallenden Baseballschlger.
Eine Gruppe von Einkufern sumt die Strae in einem Geschftsviertel nahe eines Berges.
Ein Mann sitzt mit einem Beil an einem Tisch und blickt auf eine zerbrochene Tasse.
Ein Mann rockt mit seiner Gitarre auf der Bhne.
Ein Vater schiebt das Gokart seiner Tochter, whrend ein anderes Mdchen zuschaut.
Eine Dame mit Hut sitzt vor ihrem Haus und malt ein Portrt.
Ein Kampfsportler zerbricht Eis mit einem Futritt.
Ein Mann liegt von Bumen umgeben auf dem Boden im Gras.
Drei Frauen warten am Flughafen mit ihrem Gepck.
Ein Hund rennt in einem Park hinter einem anderen Hund her.
Ein Kind in einem Geschft hlt ein Paar Stozhne vor die Wangen.
Eine lchelnde Frau spielt Geige vor einem trkisfarbenen Hintergrund.
Vier Mnner sitzen in einem Raum und sehen jemanden an.
Menschen in weien Hemden und mit Ruckscken schauen sich um, einer von ihnen hlt eine Kamera.
Zwei Frauen sonnen sich am Wasser.
Auf einem Fischmarkt werden Blaukrabben aus einem Behlter verkauft.
Ein Cowboy und sein Pferd fallen in einer Arena beide zu Boden.
Ein Mann tritt bei einem Rodeo auf einem Pferd an und versucht sich festzuhalten.
Ein kleiner Junge steht neben einem Auto, das gerade gewaschen wird.
Ein Mann begutachtet den Boden, als er vom Fallschirmsegeln zur Landung ansetzt.
Mann in der Wste versucht, einen Drachen zu steuern.
Ein Mann befindet sich hinter einer Kamera auf einem Stativ und spricht mit einem anderen Mann.
Mann geht auf dem Gehsteig und telefoniert.
Ein Junge in gelbem Regenmantel begutachtet einen Happen Essen, den er in der Hand hlt.
Ein langhaariger Mann sitzt auf dem Sofa.
Ein Mann in roten Shorts schlgt einen Volleyball in die Luft, ein anderer Mann schaut zu.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack geht eine Strae entlang.
Menschen auf einem Gehsteig blicken in Schaufensterscheiben, whrend andere Menschen einfach weitergehen.
Ein Mdchen luft auf einem Sandweg.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen luft vor einem U-Bahn-Gleis.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt drauen.
Ein Mdchen in pinkfarbener Hose rennt, im Hintergrund ist eine kunstvolle spanische Ruine.
Ein Teenager in rotem Hemd bereitet sich darauf vor, einen Volleyball aufzuschlagen.
Eine Frau steht mit einem Baby neben einer Statue.
Ein brauner Hund wird gestillt.
Ein verspielter Hund springt im Sand.
Eine Frau in rotem Hemd hlt den Arm in die Hhe.
Mdchen in blauem Pullover mit einem bunten Spielzeug in der Hand sitzt auf den Schultern eines grauhaarigen Mannes.
Ein Mann in einer alten Tracht hprft neben einem Peugeot ber eine englische Strae.
Drei Mnner tragen Ausgehkleidung und stehen herum.
Zwei Leute sitzen auf einer Bank, whrend andere in der Entfernung umhergehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem roten Plastik-Feuerwehrauto in einem modischen Schuhgeschft.
Ein Mann und Frauen klettern.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge in orangefarbenem langrmligem Shirt hlt ein Magazin.
Eine Brautjunger in einem knielangen blauen Kleid geht mit einem Trauzeugen den Gang entlang.
Ein Mann mit gelber Krawatte und Hemd macht das Hook em Horns-Zeichen. 
Eine Frau und ein Mann stehen zusammen.
Eine Braut und ein Brutigam tanzen bei ihrer Hochzeitsfeier. 
Braut isst Hochzeitstorte vom Hemd ihres frischgebackenen Ehemannes.
Eine blonde Frau am Strand in einem blau-pinkfarbenenen, geblmten Bikini mit vorderem Bindeverschluss macht sich bereit, einen Flaggenmast in den Sand zu stecken. 
Vier Mnner und ein kleiner Junge an einem fr Schnitzkunst eingerichteten Tisch.
Ein Baby krabelt auf einem Holzboden in der Nhe einer Wasserflasche.
Ein  kleiner Junge in Blau krabbelt einen Fenstersims entlang.
Ein Mann hilft einem kleinen Jungen mit Hut dabei, mit einem Hammer etwas aus Holz zu bauen.
Ein Kind mit Wollmtze schaut eine Kiste an.
Ein Mann mit Kettensge und Schutzausrstung fertigt aus Holz eine Vogelstatue an.
Zwei Mdchen auf einem Fahrgeschft in einem Freizeitpark.
Eine sehr attraktive Frau posiert an einem sonnigen Tag vor einer Pflanze.
Ein lteres Paar steht in einer Kche zusammen.
Vier Menschen stehen hinter einem Balkon vor einem Ziegelbau.
Ein blondes Kind in einer Kiste lchelt.
Menschen bewundern einen grnen VW Kfer und andere Oldtimer auf einem Hof.
Mehrere junge Mnner stbern durch CDs.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern klettert auf einer Brenstatue.
Ein lterer Herr spielt Ein-Mann-Orchester mit mehreren Instrumenten.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf dem Waldboden und blickt durch ein Fernglas.
Eine Frau fhrt auf einem roten Fahrrad an einem Fluss entlang und trgt dabei einen Helm.
Eine amerikanische Ureinwohnerin in einem bunten Hemd arbeitet an einem Webstuhl.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein weier Hund kmpfen.
Ein Mann klettert nahe einer Kste ber schneebedeckte Felsen.
Ein Mann macht auf einem Fliesenboden Breakdance.
Ein Kinderwagen schlft in einem grnen Kinderwagen.
Ein Straenverkaufsbezirk, in deem auslndisches Essen verkauft wird.
Eine Menge Leute um ein paar Kisten mit Fisch herum.
Drei hellbraune Hunde rennen hinter einem Tennisball her.
Ein kleiner Junge hngt von einem Klettergerst und lchelt.
Drei Kinder rennen auf dem Fuweg neben dem Fluss.
Diese Frau macht nach einem langen Spaziergang oder Lauf eine Pause.
Eine Gruppe Radfahrer fahren die Strae herauf.
Ein schwarze Hund luft parallel zu einem Drahtzaun auf einer Wiese.
Ein Hund rennt mit einem roten Gegenstand im Maul.
Kinder spielen im blau-grnen luftgefllten Hpfzelt.
Ein Mann arbeitet unter einem Zug.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd und Jeans mit einer Kamera steht zwischen zwei hohen Gebuden.
Zwei Jungen spielen in schmutzigem Wasser.
Eine College-Schlerin textet ihrem Freund eine Nachricht, whrend sie auf den Beginn der nchsten Stunde wartet.
ltere Mnner machen sich bereit zum Grillen.
Ein groer dnner Hund rennt schnell ber eine Wiese.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in Rot und Gelb luft.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt an einem Tisch und isst, berall rundherum liegt Essen herum.
Zwei Arbeiter in neongrnen Hemd ffnen einen Anschlusskasten.
Ein Mdchen im Teenageralter trgt einen braunen Hut und eine Jacke mit Herzen darauf.
Dieses kleine Mdchen geniet bei warmem Wetter die Unschuld der Kindheit.
Eine junge Frau in schwarzer Freizeitkleidung hlt ein Schwert in einer Kampfhaltung.
Kinder in Sommerkleider spielen in einem sonnengetrnkten Park auf einem Karussell.
Die Windhunde rennen bei diesem Rennen schnell.
Gruppe von Menschen geht im Freien herum, ein Mdchen wird getragen.
Dieser Kirchenchor singt zu den Messen, whrend sie in der Kirche frhliche Lieder aus dem Buch singen.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Zug.
Zwei kleine Mdchen sitzen vor einem Bcherregal, eine liest ein Buch.
Kids springen bei Sonnenuntergang von einem Pier ins Wasser.
Ein Paar am Straenrand redet.
Ein kleiner wei-brauner Hund springt ber eine horizontale Stange.
Ein braun-weier Hund schwimmt im Schwimmbecken auf jemanden zu.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd grbt ein Loch.
Kinder sitzen an einem langen blauen Tisch und malen mit Farbstiften Bilder.
Ein lterer Mensch und ein kleines Kind gehen zusammen vor einem groen Gebude entlang.
Eine Frau mit Hut in einem blauem Oberteil macht am Strand Yoga oder Stretching.
Ein Mann mit Schutzausrstung schleift einen groen Metallgegenstand.
Ein schwarzer Hund auf einem flachen Feld versucht die Richtung zu ndern.
Jungen in Spielkleidung hinter einem Ball.
Eine Dame mit einem grnen Oberteil fhrt auf Rollerskates durch eine Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Fahrrad, das an einer Sule in der Luft befestigt ist.
Ein junger Mann in merkwrdiger Kleidung lehnt an einer Ziegelmauer, die einen Garten umgibt.
Ein kleines Mdchen geniet eine gefrorene Sigkeit am Schwimmbecken.
Ein Fotograf kniet mit der Kamera nahe dem Rand eines Hafenbeckens.
Zwei Mnner schauen zum Boden, einer von ihnen trgt Handschuhe und hlt ein Werkzeug.
Ein junger Mann spielt vor einer Frau auf einem elektrischen Cello.
Ein Mann mit Brille spielt Gitarre vor einem Mikrofon.
Ein Mann in Badeshorts umarmt in einem Brunnen eine Frau in abgeschnittenen Jeans und Bikini-Oberteil.
Ein Mann mit einem Brot schaut auf seine Kamera.
Zwei Hunde, der eine kommt auf die Kamera zu und der andere luft im Hintergrund.
Das kleine Mdchen trgt ein violettes Kleid.
Mehrere Frauen mit Kopftuch stehen in einem gepflasterten Hof.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge sitzen inmitten von Pflanzen auf dem Boden.
Der schwarz-braune Hund steht mit gespreizten Beinen am Strand.
Ein Mann mit einem Becher sitzt vor einer Holzkonstruktion.
Ein junger Mann mit freiem Oberkrper in Shorts und mit Sonnenbrille hlt einen Fuball.
Ein kleiner Hund springt ber Hindernisse.
Zwei Mnner, zwei Kinder und eine Frau sitzen bei einem Stand voller Geldbrsen.
Drei Mnner gehen zusammen ber einen Platz.
Ein junger Mann in Shorts und ohne Hemd tritt hoch in die Luft, wobei Wasser von seiner Kleidung spritzt.
Fnf Streicher spielen gemeinsam auf einer Bhne.
Drei Mnner in schwarzen Anzgen betrachten etwas vor ihnen.
Eine ltere Frau mit einem Stock und Sonnenbrille sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein lterer asiatischer Mann in blauem Mantel mit einem Stock sitzt vor einem lteren Ziegel-Zement-Bau.
Menschen sitzen im Freien unter einem grnen Schirm.
Ein schwarze Hund, mglicherweise in einer Gasse, der sich vielleicht verlaufen hat und friert und hungrig ist.
Mann und Frau, beide schwarz gekleidet, gehen Arm in Arm.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf dem Gehsteig und wechselt den Reifen eines Fahrrads, whrend ein anderes kleines Mdchen sitzt und ihr zuschaut.
Ein Baby in einem Sandkasten spielt mit einem Eimer.
Die junge Dame scheint eine Mimin unter Kollegen zu sein.
Ein dicker Mann in Pink trinkt Bier.
Eine Frau in blauen Jeansshorts und schwarzem Oberteil sitzt auf einem Korbstuhl.
Ein kleiner Hund springt ber ein Hindernis.
lterer Mann spielt auf einem seltsamen gitarrenhnlichen Instrument offenbar in einem Park oder auf einem offenem Gelnde.
Ein Kind spielt auf der Strae im Wasser.
Drei Mnner steuern auf dem Weg zurck zur Arbeit auf ein Gebude zu.
Mdchen hlt im Freien eine pinkfarbene Blume, die zu ihrem Oberteil passt, und lchelt.
Mehrere Menschen bereiten ihre Stnde mit Fisch, Gemse und Obst fr die ffentlichkeit vor.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd mit Hut springt auf einem Rad auf den Sims eines Brunnens.
Ein Mann geht durch ein Gebude und hlt dabei ein kleines Kind an der Hand.
Der groe Mann greift in einem Lokal nach einem Stuhl.
Vier Menschen  drei Mdchen und ein Junge  sind auf einem Boot.
Weibliche Person mit Brille, braunem Hemd und Rucksack.
Elf Personen stehen auf einem Balkon und blicken auf die Bume und die Fauna drauen.
Ein europisches Paar steht kssend auf der Strae.
Hund und Frauen mit Kinderwagen gehen in einer lndlichen Gegend ber eine Brcke.
Mann spielt in der Nhe einer Bootsanlegestelle mit seinem Hund Fangen.
Zwei kleine weie Hunde spielen drauen im Schnee.
Eine Menge von Frauen sind an einem Lobbylauf beteiligt.
Zwei Kinder in einem Kinderwagen vor einem Feuerwehrauto.
Zwei Mnner mit Hten spielen im Freien Banjo und Saxophon, dahinter sitzt ein Mann mit Hut auf einer Bank.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem grauen Hemd und Nuckel steht neben einem Spielzeugpferd.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Hemd geht die Strae entlang.
Ein weier Hund mit schwarzen Flecken springt durch den Strahl aus einem Schlauch in ein blaues Plastik-Planschbecken.
Akrobaten mit freiem Oberkrper treten vor Zuschauern auf.
Ein Mdchen im Teenageralter springt auf einem Trampolin hoch in die Luft und ein Kleinkind fllt auf den Bauch.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen schaut auf ein buntes Bild auf einem Bildschirm.
Die Frau mit Henna-Tattoo hlt in der linken Hand ein Blatt Papier.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen fhrt auf einer Achterbahn.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd neben einem Mann in weiem Hemd, der einen Typen in orangefarbenem Hemd anschaut.
Die Frau steht da und schaut auf Reihen von Zeitschriften.
Eine asiatische Frau in blauem Mantel und pinkfarbenem Pullover hlt eine silberne Perle hoch und begutachtet sie.
Ein paar Leute laufen eine Treppe hinunter.
Mehrere Menschen sitzen um einen Picknicktisch herum, unterhalten isch und trinken Bier.
lterer asiatischer Mann in orangefarbener Robe in einem stdtischen Gebiet.
Ein Mann mit einem clownsartig geschminktem Gesicht trgt einen Cowboyhut.
Das Mdchen wirbelt lange, bunte Fahnenbnder herum.
Ein lterer Mann repariert eine Schreibmaschine, um die andere Schreibmaschinen herumstehen.
Kleine Mdchen schlafen auf dem Fuboden.
Ein Junge liegt auf der Couch, das rechte Bein in einem Verband, und verwendet sein Mobiltelefon.
Menschen sitzen und klettern auf groen Felsformationen.
Drei blonde Mdchen und ein dunkelhaariges Mdchen versuchen, verzierte Muscheln und Steine zu verkaufen.
Zwei Leute kochen zusammen Essen in einer Privatkche.
Ein kleiner Junge in braunem T-Shirt nuckelt an einem Schnuller und hlt die Hand in die Luft.
Vier kleine Jungen spannen fr die Kamera die Muskeln an.
Eine junge asiatische Frau in orangefarbenem Kleid spricht mit jemandem.
Ein Pferd wird in einer Arena seinen Reiter ab, whrend Zuschauer von der Tribne aus zusehen.
Ein indischer Mann steht in einer Gruppe von indischen Menschen und schreibt auf einem Klemmbrett.
Kleines Mdchen, das viele pinkfarbene Sachen anhat, spielt mit seinem Fahrrad.
Ein paar Kids fahren in Shorts auf dem Fahrrad einen Weg entlang.
Ein weier Hund kommt aus einem blauen Tunnel.
Ein Mann in weier Hose geht durch einen Pavillon, der von einander gegenberstehenden und mit den Hnden verbundenen Menschen gebildet wird.
Ein orange gekleideter Mann sieht aus, als ob er ein Instrument spielt.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund liegt neben einem bunten Ball.
Ein Junge spielt mit einer Schwimmnudel neben dem Schwimmbecken.
Zwei kleine Kinder amsieren sich auf einer Achterbahn.
Eine Frau in Schwarz macht Stabhochsprung.
Zwei Frauen in roten Rcken tanzen vor einem Publikum.
Mann und zwei Kids in einem Boot auf dem See.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt am Strand hinter einem Schild, das vor gefhrlichen Wellen warnt.
Zwei kleine Mdchen schaukeln an einem warmen Tag nebeneinander in einem Park.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt unter einem Sonnenschirm auf einer grasbewachsenen Waldlichtung.
Zwei Frauen im Rock laufen auf dem Gehsteig.
Eine blonde Frau mit Zpfen geht barfu und mit einer grnen Rhre auf dem Rcken den Gehsteig entlang.
Die Frau hockt an einer Ziegelmauer und telefoniert mit ihrem Mobiltelefon.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille schreibt auf einem Block, neben ihm steht an ihn angelehnt sein Fahrrad.
Der Mann trgt einen schwarz-weien Schal um den Hals.
Eine Frau in rotem Hemd und ein Mann in Wei stehen vor einem Spiegel.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern kurz vorm Teenageralter luft in der Nhe eines Flusses.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart hlt zwei Jungen in einem Schwimmbecken.
Nahaufnahme eines Menschen, der in einer Blaskapelle Schnarrtrommel spielt.
Ein Hund vollfhrt bei einer Hundeshow ein Kunststck.
Kleine Jungen spielen Wii.
Baseballspieler in Spielkleidung, der gerade einen Ball geworfen hat.
Zwei Menschen im Wasser auf einem Surfbrett.
Kleines blondes Mdchen schreitet auf einer groen blauen Flche im Freien.
Vier Menschen laufen durch die Wste.
Ein brauner Hund rennt mit einem Stock im Maul durchs Gras.
Ein Hund jagt einen Vogel im Wasser.
Menschen fahren Schlittschuh auf einer Outdoor-Eislaufbahn in einer Stadt.
Ein Mann skatet auf einem Gelnder.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper posiert hat die Arme ausgebreitet und posiert neben einer Frau.
Ein  kleiner Junge im Pyjama wendet Auberginen auf dem Gasgrill.
Eine Gruppe Erwachsener wird von einem lteren Herrn bei einer bung angeleitet, die gemeinsame Anstrengungen zur Stabilisierung einer langen Stange erfordert.
Ein junger Mann in GIGOLO-Hemd an einer Rezeption.
Ein kleines Mdchen in rotem Badeanzug schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Dieser Hund rennt am Strand durch Wasser.
Ein Mdchen steht mit dem Rcken zu einem kuppelhnlichen Kunstwerk vor einer Wand.
Drei Rugbyspieler versuchen, den Ball zu fangen.
Drei Mnner sind bei dem Versuch, den Ball zu fangen, in die Luft gesprungen.
Eine einzelne Luferin nimmt im Regen an einem Rennen teil.
Eine Frau in pinkfarbenem Hemd steht vor einem gelben Gebude.
Zwei Erwachsene sitzen auf einer Bank.
Ein Mensch mit einer Bohrmaschine macht etwas mit einem Spielzeugtier.
Ein Mann lchelt, whrend er ein weinendes Kind hlt.
Der Mann mit rasiertem Schdel und Brustwarzenpiercings trgt eine Sonnenbrille.
Ein Kind rennt in der Nhe von Bumen.
Ein braun-weier Hund luft in einem umzunten Hof.
Zwei Mdchen schauen durch ein Mikroskop.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund rennt und planscht im Wasser.
Fuballspielt mit Teams in Rot und Blau.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd rutscht durch den Sand auf einen Mann mit Mtze und blauer Spielkleidung zu, der einen Sporthandschuh in seine Richtung hlt.
Mann mit Bart macht einen Skateboard-Stunt.
Ein Paar spielt Frisbee auf einer grnen Wiese mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau in blauem Hemd splt ihren Mopp auf der Strae aus.
Ein Mann mit weiem Button-down-Hemd und Brille tippt auf einem Laptop.
Ein lterer Mann bereitet Hotdogs auf einem Grill.
Eine weie Frau und ein schwarzer Mann mit roter Mtze kmpfen spielerisch.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge buddeln sich gegenseitig im Sand ein.
Ein Mann mit pinkfarbenem Hemd sitzt auf dem Boden und malt mit Kreide einen Pfau.
Hunde im Wasser mit einem Basketball und ein Mensch auf einem Pferd.
Baby schlft in einem Kinderbett mit Streichholzschachteln, Bohrmaschine und einigen Plschtieren.
Ein schwarzer Hund auf unbefestigtem Boden beit in einen Fuball.
Ein aufgeregter Junge spielt mit einem Bodyboard in der Brandung.
Der Junge watet durch das blaue Meer.
Ein Kind mit Zahnspange und blauer Mtze zeigt die Unterseite seines Skateboards.
Chun-Kuk-Do-Turnier mit einer Gruppe von Zuschauern.
Zwei Frauen kmpfen hart bei einem Tae-Kwon-Do-Turnier, whrend der Schiedsrichter zuschaut.
Eine Band spielt auf der Bhne.
Ein etwa 6Monate altes Kind mit einem Sesamstraen-Buch in der rechten Hand sitzt auf einer groen Elmo-Puppe und sieht aus als ob es die Puppe gleich kauen rde.
Ein Beagle klettert ber graue Stufen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Badekleidung halten einander in einem Gewsser.
Niedergeschlagener Mann, der nicht wei, was er tun soll.
Eine Frau in einem rot-weien Bademantel hlt einen langen Schal hinter sich.
Drei Forscher arbeiten in einem Labor.
Drei Kinder laufen in einem Park vor ihrer Mutter her.
Drei Kinder skaten auf einer Rollschuhbahn.
Ein braun-weier Hund spielt in einem Schwimmbecken mit einem Mann.
Ein Schferhund treibt Schafe einen grasbewachsenen Weg entlang.
Zwei Hunde in einem roten Fahrzeug schauen zu einer Fahrzeug, die aus ihrem Fahrzeug steigt.
Ein Mdchen schttelt Wasser aus ihrem Haar.
Vier junge Mnner sitzen auf dem Boden nah bei einem Fernseher, in dem Elmo aus der Sesamstrae zu sehen ist.
ltere Erwachsene und junge Erwachsene feiern und tanzen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen im Kreis klatscht in die Hnde, whrend andere im Hintergrund sitzen.
Drei junge Mnner spielen Domino, whrend eine ltere Frau zuschaut.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd und Sandalen wirft einen Gegenstand auf ein Ziel, whrend eine Gruppe lterer Erwachsener zuschaut.
Amputierter steht in einem Seniorenzentrum aus Rollstuhl auf und wirft einen Ball.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt hlt einen Gegenstand und spricht mit einem Mdchen in einem blauen T-Shirt, das sich zu ihm umdreht.
Zwei Mnner beschlieen, was sie mit einem im Weg liegenden heruntergefallenen Ast tun.
Ein junger Mann in einem rot-gestreiften Hemd und Bluejeans wirft eine blaue Kugel auf einer Bowlingbahn.
Mehrere Menschen sitzen in einem Raum zusammen und lcheln.
Mnner arbeiten in einem Pflanzenbewuchs neben einem Ziegelbau
Ein Mensch spielt auf einem Klettergerst, whrend andere zuschauen.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf dem Dach eines hohen Betonbaus.
Ein Teenager sitzt sehr, sehr hoch auf einem Baum.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete Menschen stehen in einem Altersheim, whrend in der Nhe einige Zuschauer in Rollsthlen sitzen.
Teenager interagieren mit lteren Leuten in einem Gemeinschaftsraum.
Ein alter Mann tanzt mit einer Frau.
Zwei Mdchen, eins in einem roten Hemd und blauen Rock, waschen einen roten Laster.
Eine Gruppe von 8Teenagern hlt ein Seil und sitzt an der Wand.
Zwei Mnner bei einem Mixed-Martial-Arts-Wettkampf.
Eine junge Frau in einem grn-pink-gestreiften Hemd mit einem weien Grtel und Flipflops sitzt auf einer Betonstufe.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem blauen Halsband rennt durchs grne Gras.
Drei Kinder stehen um eine Gestalt auf einem violetten Tisch herum, zwei Kinder tragen weie Mntel.
Typ macht Basketballwurf vor Zuschauern.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Mtze schaut von einer Frau in einem schwarz-wei getupften Outfit weg.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd tanzt mit einer lchelnden Frau.
Zwei Mnner geben einander mit dem Mund ein Wrstchen weiter.
Ein Mann schnappt mit dem Mund nach pfeln in einem Plastikeimer.
Eine Gruppe von Teenagern sitzt im Kreis; der Mann in der Mitte sitzt auf dem Boden, hinter ihm steht aufrecht ein Besen.
Eine Frau ordnet ihr Essen in Milchkisten.
Eine Frau im Freien hat viele Kisten mit unterschiedlichen Lebensmitteln und hlt eine Dose.
Ein junger Mann in Jeans und rotem Hemd mit gelben Handschuhen hlt einen Ast.
Drei Menschen stehen oben auf einer Treppe im Freien.
Eine Frau sieht zu, wie ihr Bekannter einen Spare versucht.
Ein Mann mit einer Brechstange in der Hand und einer Maske blickt auf.
Zwei Mdchen helfen dabei, ein schmutziges Haus zu reinigen.
Drei Menschen putzen Fenster und eine Frau in blauem Hemd spricht mit Ihnen.
Ein Mann filmt eine Gruppe von Mdchen im Freien.
Ein dunkelhaariges kleines Mdchen auf dem Spielplatz von oben mit einem Fischaugen-Objektiv aufgenommen.
Eine ltere Frau und ein junger Mann spielen Bingo.
Eine Frau hlt ein Car Wash-Schild am Rand einer ruhigen Strae.
Ein Mann in braunem Hemd und blauen Shorts luft im Dorney Park.
Ein paar Jungen und Mdchen sitzen in einem Fahrgeschft in einem Freizeitpark.
Drei Kinder spielen in einer Holzkonstruktion im Freien.
Ein paar Mnner sitzen auerhalb eines Gebiets mit einem offenen Tor und essen Mittagessen.
Mehrere Kinder schauen bei Jahrmarktspielen zu.
Zwei Mdchen in Jeansshorts stehen in einer Wasserpftze.
Zwei kleine Kinder rennen ber Sand zu einer groen Wasserflche.
"Zwei mnnliche und eine weibliche Person spielen in einer 	Wasserfontne."
Kind und mit weiem Pulver bedeckter Boden.
Zwei Menschen in Hosen mit Tiermotivdruck liegen nebeneinander auf einem Bett.
Ein Hund rennt durch hohes Gras.
Kleiner Hund rennt mit einem Spielzeug im Maul durchs Gras.
Zwei rivalisierende Radfahrer fahren an Zuschauermengen vorbei.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einer Wand mit Bildern darauf.
Zwei rothaarige Jungen mit Brille stehen auf einer Bank und spielen Schwertkampt mit Stcken.
Ein Mdchen mit buntem Hut auf dem Kopf hat ein seltsames Wesen auf ihrer Hand.
Ein kleiner grauer Hund springt ber ein kleines Hindernis.
Ein Mann steht oben auf einem Gletscher.
Ein Reiter auf einem Pferd vor einer Bergkette.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen bei einem Radrennen.
Ein Mann in pinkfarbenem Hemd reitet auf einem buckelnden Pferd.
Ein Bullenreiter reitet auf einem buckelnden Bullen, whrend andere Cowboys zuschauen und darauf warten, bei Bedarf zu helfen.
Ein Kind rutscht eine grne Rutsche hinunter.
Kind in Jeansshorts springt mit einem Skateboard ber einen Kameramann, whrend andere Skateboardfahrer und Kameramnner zuschauen.
Zwei groe schwarze Hunde rennen durch hohes Gras.
Die Frau trgt einen schwarzen Hut mit einer amerikanischen Flagge darauf.
Eine Frau geht in die Wellen.
Eine Person in Shorts hlt eine Frisbee, whrend ein Teammitglied in rotem Hemd und Zuschauer zusehen.
Junger Erwachsener in schwarzem Hemd steckt seine Hand in eine Tierfalle.
Mann in einer Arena versucht, sich so lange wie mglich auf einem Pferd zu halten.
Ein Mann mit einem Irokesenschnitt lchelt in die Kamera.
Mehrere Hunde rennen im Freien, im Hintergrund befinden sich zwei Fahrzeuge.
Drei bellende, heulende Hunde.
Ein brauner Hund in der Luft mit einer Frisbee im Maul.
Ein Mann spritz einem Hund mit einem Super-Soaker Wasser ins Maul.
Barfige Leute stehen im Wasser vor einem groen Kunstwerk, das ein Gesicht zeigt.
Eine Frau balanciert ein Schwert auf dem Kopf.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt durch die Luft, whrend zwei Leute im Hintergrund zuschauen.
Ein Mann in einem Coca-Cola-Gebude wischt einen Tisch.
Eine Basketballspielerin in Blau blockt eine andere Spielerin in Gelb.
Mann steht am Rand von Felsen in der Nhe eines Meeres.
Zwei Menschen tauchen im blauen Meer.
Zwei Jungen schauen an einem Flughafen durch ein Fenster.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen in einem Planschbecken mit Wasserpistolen.
Groe, hoch aufregende stdtische Statue bei Nacht.
Die Frau verspritzt Wasser aus einem Eimer.
Mann in blauem Hemd mit weiem Hut reinigt einen Brunnen.
Mann in schwarzem Mantel und rotem Hut hlt eine Kamera.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd hlt einen kleinen Jungen und ksst ihn.
Ein groer Van fhrt im Herbst eine Landstrae entlang.
Eine Blaskapelle in voller Tracht kommt die Strae entlang.
Kind in weiem Hemd in einem hohen Baum.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt eine Eiswaffel und leckt sich die Lippen.
Eine Frau legt ihren Arm um einen Mann, der sich vorbeugt, um sie zu kssen.
Ein Mann in Wathose fischt in einem Becken nach etwas.
Eine Frau muss unterwegs auf zwei Kinder aufpassen, eins sitzt auf ihren Schultern und das andere auf ihrem Scho.
Eine blonde Frau in schwarzen Jeans schwarz auf einer Mauer und prft ihre Ngel.
Die Frau hlt eine Tasse und trgt eine Sonnenbrille oben auf dem Kopf.
Eine mnnliche Person macht an einem heien Nachmittag ein Nickerchen.
Am Meeresufer joggt ein Mdchen in gelben Pants und ein Junge fhrt Fahrrad.
Vier Kinder spielen um eine Stange herum.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund spielt mit einem weien Ball auf einem kargen braunen Feld.
Ein weier Hund rennt am Strand.
Zwei Hunde spielen und ringen miteinander.
Kleiner Junge mit Brille spielt im Wassersprenger.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen geht abends eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann betrachtet eine Skulptur in einem groen leeren Raum.
Ein Mann mit kahlrasiertem Schdel und Sonnenbrille lchelt breit.
Ein Mdchen in weiem Kleid mit roter Tasche telefoniert.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein junger Mann spielen ein Wurfspiel bei einer Feier im Freien.
Ein rothaariger Junge mit Brille macht eine groe Seifenblase.
Junger Mann in schwarzem Hemd fhrt auf einem blauen Fahrrad, vor ihm sitzt ein Baby.
Ein Mann balanciert eine Platte mit Essen auf dem Kopf.
Ein Chefkoch bereitet Essen zu, whrend zwei Menschen zuschauen.
Menschen stehen an einer Bootsanlegestelle und warten darauf, dass ihr Boot kommt.
Ein Mann mit einer orangefarbenen Tasche geht an zwei Telefonzellem in britischem Stil vorbei.
Zwei Kinder kmpfen auf einem Platz, whrend Menschen zuschauen.
Eine Menschenmenge hat sich versammelt, um zwei Mnnern bei einem brasilianischen Tanz zuzuschauen.
Mehrere Kinder stehen vor einem Gebude.
Eine vielfltige Gruppe von Menschen sitzt im Sommer auf einer Wiese.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper fhrt auf dem Skateboard und fhrt dabei seinen Hund Gassi.
Ein Hund mit langem Fell springt ber ein Hindernis.
Ein Junge mit Irokesenschnitt und Sonnenbrille.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tragen Sonnenbrillen und weie T-Shirts und lcheln in die Kamera.
Ein kleiner Junge nimmt ein Bad aus einem Eimer.
Ein Mann mit zurckgebundenem langem Haar in blauem Hemd spielt Klarinette.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper sitzt auf einem Stein in der Nhe eines blauen Gebudes.
Die zwei Jungen spielen auf dem Feld.
Zwei Menschen liegen in einem Bett in der Mitte eines Kaufhausganges.
Zwei Menschen stehen in der Nhe eines blauen Autos mit zwei geffneten Tren, hinter ihnen Gebude.
Ein Deutsch-Kurzhaar liegt auf einem Teppich vor einem sonnigen Fenster.
Zwei groe schwarze Hunde spielen mit einem kaputten Ball.
Ein kleiner Junge springt in das Planschbecken im Hinterhof.
Ein Kind in Badekleidung spielt unter einem Wassersprenger.
Ein weier Hund rennt auf die Kamera zu, whrend ein Mann weggeht.
Arbeiter zieht ein Seil, das offenbar an einem Boot befestigt ist.
Eine Dame mit blondem Haar hilft einem anderen Menschen.
Drei dunkelhaarige Menschen stehen beieinander, im Hintergrund sind groe Gebude.
Ich gehe zu einem Hotdog-Wettessen auf Coney Island.
Eine Gruppe von Bullen rennt eine Strae entlang, whrend manche Menschen rennen und andere zuschauen.
Ein Mdchen mit Sonnenbrille lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein Typ macht Kunststcke auf einem Motorrad.
Ein Motorradfahrer steht oben auf seinem Motorrad.
Ein kleiner Junge ist am Strand im Wasser.
Zwei Teenager spielen am Strand im Sand.
Ein junger asiatischer Mann und eine junge asiatische Frau sitzen vor der Treppe eines kleinen Geschfts und rauchen.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen mit einem Puzzle in einem Klassenzimmer.
Ein Footballspieler hat einen Pass gefangen, die beiden Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft versuchen ihn abzufangen, whrend er auf dem Boden liegt.
Eine Gruppe hellhutiger Menschen faulenzt in einem sandigen Gebiet.
Ein junger Mann springt von einer schwimmenden Rutsche ins Wasser.
Zwei Frauen pflcken in einem offenen Tal Pflanzen.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einer Schleife steht vor ein paar anderen Preisschleifen.
Ein Mann macht Fotos unter Verwendung seines Zoom-Objektivs.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Pferdeschwanz neben einem Plastik-Spielschloss lacht.
Der Reiter wirft fr ein besseres Gleichgewicht die Hand in die Luft, whrend das braune Pferd buckelt.
Ein Typ in einem Nike-T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift MAKE SOME NOISE neigt seinen Kopf beim Essen zur Seite.
Ein Mann in kurzen Shorts posiert auf einem groen Felsen.
Diese Frau trgt ein weies T-Shirt und hlt einen Becher.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern geht zwischen Bahngleisen entlang.
Eine Gruppe herausgeputzter Menschen schaut eine Broschre an, um zu entscheiden, welchen Ort sie als nchstes besichtigen.
Ein Mann mit einem Fingerverband klettert, whrend andere zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern sitzt auf dem Boden vor einer Ziegelwand, whrend eine Frau sie beobachtet.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt an einer beleuchteten Arbeitsbank.
Eine lchelnde Frau im Bikini ist in der Luft ber einem Sprungbrett.
Ein Mann macht sich bereit, eine Rckhand beim Tennis zu schlagen.
Zwei kleine Jungen mit geschminkten Gesichtern sitzen nebeneinander.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen an einem Strand.
Zwei kleine Mdchen, eins blond und eins brnett, springen auf einer grnen Couch in einem hellen, sonnendurchfluteten Zimmer.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd spielt im Freien Tennis.
Mann in der Luft ist dabei, auf einem Tenniscourt einen Tennisschlger zu schwingen.
Musiker auf der Bordsteinkante stellt ffentlich sein Knnen zur Schau.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd liest ein Blatt Papier.
Ein Mann in einer Schrze brt Essen und lchelt.
Zwei Frauen sitzen neben Felsen, wobei eine von ihnen ein Getrnk hlt.
Eine Frau geht mit einem blauen Schirm.
Ein junger Mann steht mit seiner Kamera in der Hand auf einer Rolltreppe und blickt ausdruckslos in die Kamera.
Ein lchelnder kleiner Junge springt zu einem Spielzeug-Basketballkorb hoch.
Zwei kleine Mdchen in Kleidern stehen vor einer gelben Wans zusammen.
Ein Baseballspieler schlgt einen Ball.
Ein brauner Hund und ein schwarzer Hund zerren von beiden Seiten an einem Spielzeug.
Dieses Mdchen rupft die Blte von der Pflanze.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht vor dem Raum und bereitet sich darauf vor zu singen.
Ein paar Leute tanzen bei einer Parade einen zeremoniellen Tanz.
Ein sehr frhliches Kleinkind in gelbem Hemd schaukelt auf einer Schaukel.
Eine Frau mit einem besonderem Fahrrad schaut zu einem Baby.
Ein Mdchen im Bikini luft aus der Brandung.
Die Frau im Tanktop hat ein Tattoo auf dem Arm.
Mike Holmgren auf dem Feld mit seinem Team, den Seattle Seahawks, im Gesprch ber Einzelheiten zum Training mit einem Assistenztrainer.
Menschen springen von einer sehr hohen Brcke hinunter ins Wasser.
Ein lterer Mann hebt sein Weinglas whrend eines Essens im Freien mit anderen.
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid schaut aus einem Fenster.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen ein Spiel, einer hat den Mund weit geffnet.
Ein Coach in blauem Hemd zeigt auf etwas auerhalb des Kamerabereichs.
Ein Mann in einem Hundekostm spielt an einem Kartentisch mit einer verwirrten Frau und Kartengeberin.
Ein kleiner Junge jagt Tauben auf der Strae und ein Mann sieht ihm dabei zu.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die sich kssen, neben einem geffneten Fenster.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen umarmt einander.
Ein weier Hund fngt ein Leckerli mit dem Maul.
Ein Mann sitzt auf bei einem Konzert auf einem Gelnder.
Eine Menge Menschen sind in verschiedenen Bereichen eines alten Gebudes versammelt.
Eine reife Frau mit Sonnenbrille und Jeansjacke.
Ein Mann paddelt in einem Boot, whrend vier Frauen auf einem Felsen in einem Gewsser stehen.
Ein Junge hngt mit dem Kopf nach unten von einer Metallstange.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein brauner Hund rennen im Gras.
Zwei Jungen spielen mit zwei Hunden am Strand.
Eine junge Frau mit einem blauen Irokesenschnitt sieht nach rechts und hlt die Hand eines Kleinkinds, das nach links blickt.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Badeanzug fhrt auf einem Spielzeugzug.
Vier Mdchen bereiten an einem Tisch im Freien Essen zu.
Ein Mann springt vor einem Platz in China.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Mann blickt in die Ferne, daneben hlt ein anderer Mann die Hand in die Hhe.
Die Mutter mit zwei Shnen schwimmt im Meer.
Fnf Kinder sitzen auf einer Holztreppe und posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein junger Mann in roten Shorts bereitet sich im Wald darauf vor, eine Frisbee zu werfen.
Zwei Footballspieler stoen zusammen.
Ein Mdchen in pinkfarbenem Sommerkleid fhrt neben einem weien Lattenzaun Fahrrad.
Drei Polizisten auf Rollerblades unterhalten sich.
Zwei Ferienlagerbetreuer ruhen sich whrend der freien Nachmittagszeit fr ihre Jugendlichen aus, whrend der Leiter ber die bevorstehenden abendlichen Aktivitten spricht.
Ein blondes Kind liegt auf einem Ast eines Baumes auf einer grnen Wiese.
Eine Frau in einem Sari neben einem Jungen auf einer Strae im Regen hlt einen roten Schirm.
Zwei Mnner decken ein altes Dach mit Tonziegeln.
Ein Hund steht auf den Hinterbeinen in einem Waldgebiet, ein anderer Hund schaut ihn an.
Der schwarze Hund trgt ein hellgrnes Halsband.
Drei Mnner in Westen sitzen mit dem Rcken zur Wand neben einem Mllhaufen.
Der junge Mann wartet mit anderen auf dem Gehsteig.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter raucht vor einem Metallzaun eine Zigarette.
Menschen reden auf einem asiatischen Markt.
Ein Kind mit einer Wasserpistole wird mit Wasser nassgespritzt.
Vier Knstler sind auf der Bhne und interagieren mit dem Publikum.
Ein blondes Mdchen sitzt, trinkt einen Softdrink und schaut einen Delfin an, der im Hintergrund schwimmt.
Eine Frau in rotem Hemd singt.
Ein Mann geht den Weg an einer Ladenzeile entlang.
Zwei groe Hunde rennen im Gras.
Ein Mann mit Mtze stutzt im Freien eine Pflanze.
Ein langhaariger Mann vor einem Mann hlt irgendein Musikinstrument.
Ein Mann mit zurckgekmmtem Haar in einem schwarzen Mantel spielt einen Rekorder ab.
Eine junge Frau lackiert ein Gelnder.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen posiert neben einem Metallgelnder fr ein Bild.
Ein Mann pflanzt Blumen um einen Pfahl im Freien.
Ein Mann und eine Frau graben Erde um, neben ihnen ist eine Pflanze.
Menschen sitzen auf Sthlen, ber ihnen hngt eine Reihe von Flaggen.
Die Zahl der kleinen Kinder ist ein klein wenig hher als die der Erwachsenen.
Frau vor einem mit einem Vorhang verahngenen Fenster und Glasreiniger hlt ein Papierhandtuch.
Frau in einem blauen Kleid mit violettem Schirm steht auf der Strae.
Ein Baseballspieler rutscht auf eine Base zu.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt vor einem Exponat in einem Aquarienhaus, whrend ein Delfin vorbeischwimmt.
Eine Frau steht auf dem Bordstein an einer belebten Strae.
Ein Mann repariert mit einer Asphaltsge die Strae.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut bei einem Outdoor-Konzert zu.
Eine Frau geht vor einem Laster her und spricht mit einer Person, die neben ihr geht.
Drei junge Menschen pflanzen Blumen und decken den Bereich mit einer Plane ab.
Menschen pflanzen in einem Kreis im Freien Blumen.
Zwei Menschen in roten Hemden subern eine Gasse.
Eine Frau lchelt ein Baby an, whrend ein lteres Paar zuschaut.
Kleine Kinder werfen auf der Wiese Krbe.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem grnen Stuhl vor einem groen Fenster mit Blick auf eine Stadtlandschaft.
Menschen essen in einem Restaurant.
Die Sonne scheint hell auf den Schnee, der ein paar Leute umgibt.
Ein junger Mann trgt einen braunen Hut und eine Sonnenbrille.
Frau in rotem Hemd und Hut schaut Nippes auf einem Tisch an.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut einer Band beim Auftritt auf einem Gehsteig zu.
Vier Menschen in leuchtend blauem Wasser mit einem Kind in pinkfarbenem Schwimmring.
Mehrere Menschen warten darauf, dass ein Zug vorbeifhrt.
Eine Gruppe von Windhunden luft einen unbefestigten Weg entlang.
Ein Junge in gelbem Hemd luft an ein paar Vgeln vorbei.
Ein Mann zieht eine Ladung Erde durch eine enge Gasse, in der ein Motorrad steht.
Ein neugieriges Kind versucht vor einem schnen Meereshintergrund das zu fischen, was die Natur an die Kste gesplt hat.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem orange-weien Motorrad.
Die blonde Frau hlt einen schwarzen Schirm.
Eine Frau mit Stock trgt eine Tasche ber den Gehsteig.
Eine junge indische Mutter mit ihrem Kind.
Eine Gruppe von Arbeitern mit Leuchtwesten auf einem Uferweg hlt Leuchtstbe.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen bereitet sich darauf vor, einen Berg zu besteigen.
Ein kleiner Hund spielt mit einer Plastiktte auf dem Gehsteig.
Ein kleiner Hund springt ber einen gelben Balken.
Ein Mann hlt ein kleines Mdchen im Freien in die Luft.
Menschen benutzen Computer in einer modernen Bibliothek.
Drei Mnner spielen und fahren auf einem Fahrzeug, das aus Musikinstrumenten besteht, darunter Trommel und Klavier.
Ein Mann macht Stabhochsprung ber eine hohe Stange.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen posiert fr ein Foto auf einer Wiese.
Mnner in Boardshorts spielen Beachvolleyball.
Ein kleines Mdchen hpft barfu von Stein zu Stein.
Diese Mdchen amsieren sich prchtig bei der Muschelsuche.
Zwei Menschen in einem dichten Dschungelgebiet, berall Bume und Gras.
Der Mann in der Schrze deckt den Esstisch.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt einen Schlauch auf seinen Bruder, der hinter einem Fenster ist.
Hunde rennen auf der Rennstrecke um eine Kurve.
Mehrere Vorschulkinder schauen zwischen Zaunlatten hindurch, whrend zwei Erwachsene zuschauen.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters poliert schwarze Lederschuhe.
Eine kaputte Couch, dahinter sitzt ein Mann an einem Tisch.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht und hrt einem Redner zu.
Ein barfiges Kind luft am Strand aufs Meer zu.
Vier Hunde planschen im Wasser.
Ein Mann in gestreiftem Hemd posiert mit einem blonden Mdchen in einer schwarzen Schrze.
Ein Hund jagt eine Frisbee im Wasser.
Ein Typ trinkt aus einem groen Silberbecher, dessen Inhalt unbekannt ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Hemd luft drauen herum.
Ein asiatischer Mann hlt eine groe Anzahl von Taschen und blickt ber die Strae.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Oberteil mit einem Muster auf der Vorderseite putzt das weie Gelnder.
Ein lterer Mann hat auf einem Speditionshof die Hnde auf eine Art Fass gelegt.
Afroamerikanische Frau mit zwei kleinen Mdchen.
Drei ltere Mnner spielen in einer groen Halle Livemusik.
Vier Teenager spielen in einer Kirche auf Instrumenten.
Ein Mann in senffarbener Jacke sitzt vor dem Wasser und liest.
Der Mann spielt auf dem Boden ein Saiteninstrument.
Kid in gestreiftem Tanktop fhrt auf dem Skateboard die Skateboard entlang.
Ein Mdchen in einer Menschenmenge hlt ein angeleintes Schaf.
Mann mit Fahrradhelm und zwei kleine Jungen, deren Kpfe aus einem Bltterhaufen herausragen.
Ein Kleinkind isst sehr unordentlich blauen Kuchen.
Zwei Kinder sitzen drauen an einem Tisch, der voll mit Popcorn ist.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke guckt Gegenstnde an.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd mit Kragen auf dem Wasser.
Ein Paar macht eine Pause vom Tanzen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, darunter eine barfige Frau mit weien Shorts, einer schwarzen Jacke und Rucksack, warten auf einen Nahverkehrszug.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen im Wasser aus dem Wassersprenger.
Zwei Mnner verputzen ein Gebude.
Ein Kind spielt in einem farbenfrohen Brunnen.
Ein Kind auf einer Luftmatratze in einem Schwimmbecken spritzt mit Wasser.
Mann in Wei jongliert, Fahrrad lehnt an der Wand.
Vier Jungen werden gleich von einer heranrollenden Welle getroffen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf dem Gehsteig und blickt ber die Strae.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und Jeans sitzt auf zwei bereinander gestapelten Kisten und spielt fr Trinkgeld Gitarre.
Ein Mdchen schaukelt auf einer Seilschaukel ber Wellen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in gelbem Hemd rennt in einem belebten Park durch eine Fontne.
Eine Band spielt in einer Bar vor Publikum.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einer pinkfarbenen geblmten Couch und liest ein Buch.
Zwei Frauen arbeiten in einer Kche.
Ein kleines Kind mit wildem Lockenhaar sitzt auf einem Stuhl und zeigt seine Legos.
Ein Straenknstler und seine Gitarre vollstndig blau angemalt.
Zwei Jungen fahren vor einem Brogebude Skateboard.
Zwei Mnner spielen Gitarre auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann strzt mit seinem Fallschirm ins Wasser.
Eine Frau hilft einem Kind aus dem Schwimmbecken.
Eine Frau, ein Junge und ein Hund gehen einen Hgel hinauf.
Ein Mann spielt Golf und schlgt den Ball aus einem Sandbunker hinaus.
Ein Mann in Jeans schlft mit einer roten Maske ber den Augen.
Zwei Windhunde rennen ber einen unbefestigten Weg.
Ein indischer Mann trinkt etwas aus einem Becher, der offenbar aus Ton ist.
Mann lehnt an einem Lkw und macht Pause unter einem Schirm.
Ein Mann in pinkfarbenem Hemd und weier Hose spielt Gitarre und ist mitten im Sprung.
Frau auf einer Bank blickt auf eine wolkige Bergansicht.
Zwei Frauen, beide in Sandalen, eine mit grnem Hut schliet das Kleid der anderen Frau.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Hemd schaut ein Fahrrad an.
Eine Frau in orangefarbenem Pullover hat ein Glas in der Hand.
Zwei kleine Jungen trinken zuhause.
Eine Rockbar spielt in einer sprlich beleuchteten Bar.
Ein Hund wlzt sich im Gras.
Ein blonder Junge in rotem Hemd und roten Shorts klettert auf einen Baum.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Leiter, um mit seinem Mobiltelefon ein Foto zu machen.
Mehrere Frauen in weien Schuhen oder Sandalen laufen ber ein Straenfest.
Ein Mann schlgt auf einen Amboss.
Ein kleines Mdchen bietet einem traurigen Kleinkind auf einer Wiese einen Ball an, hinter ihnen steht ein Mann in Bermudashorts
Schwarzer Hund spielt mit wei-blauem Spielzeug.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Lkw und auf seinem Scho sitzt ein Kind und lenkt.
Zwei kleines Mdchen in Sonntagskleidung linsen ber einen Zaun.
Ein Mann geht auf einen Polizisten zu, der auf einem Fugngerbergang einer stdtischen Strae steht.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Gehsteig zwischen einer Wiese und einem Gebude.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd und blauen Shorts luft ber Beton.
Frau sortiert einen Behlter mit Essen.
Ein Mann malt auf der Strae, ein anderer Mann filmt dies.
Ein Mann verkauft Essen an einem Straenstand.
Der Junge sitzt auf dem Scho des Fahrers und hilft beim Lenken.
Eine Frau zeigt einem Mann mitten auf einer belebten Strae etwas auf ihrem Mobiltelefon.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, die nebeneinander sitzen und von denen einige weie Hemden und blaue Westen mit gelben Schrpen tragen und die andere groe flauschige weie Hte mit einem pinkfarbenen flauschigen Oberteil.
Mnner und Frauen in traditioneller Kleidung besuchen etwas.
Ein  kleiner Junge spielt mit einer Schusswaffe im Freien auf dem Gehsteig.
Eine Frau arbeitet an einem Essensstand in der Stadt.
Ein Mensch nimmt etwas aus einer Tasche auf einem Kchentresen.
Eine Strae mit viel Werbung.
Eine asiatische Frau geht zu einer Sule neben einem Gebude.
Ein Mann kurz davor, einen Tennisball zu schlagen.
Ein Kind in blauem Hemd trgt eine Armbanduhr.
Zwei Mnner sitzen an gegenberliegenden Seiten einer Bushaltestelle.
Ein Mann, eine Frau und ein kleines Mdchen gehen einen Uferweg neben einem ruhigen Meer entlang.
Ein Mann mit Glatzenansatz hilft einem kleinen Jungen beim Fischen.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einer Terrasse und geniet den Blick aufs Wasser.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und hlt eine groe Stange.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen aus Nahost gehen durch den Schnee.
Ein Mdchen sitzt in einem Personenzug auf dem Scho eines Mannes.
Ein kleines Kind rhrt mit einem roten Lffel Essen auf einem Kchentresen.
Wie kommen wir zur anderen Seite?
Der Mann und die Frau umarmen und kssen sich in der Nhe von Musikern, die auftreten.
Diese Frau spielt ein Instrument.
Ein Hund springt ber einen Busch am Strand.
Ein Junge springt von einer hohen Felsklippe ins Wasser darunter.
Ein Junge beim Skimboarden in einem Hinterhof-Schwimmbecken, zwei andere Mnner schauen zu.
Ein Mann singt vor einem groen Herz.
Ein Hund springt auf einer Terrasse hoch, um einen gelben Ball zu fangen.
Ein Mann beugt sich hinunter und whlt in einer weien Tte.
Eine Frau steht vor einer Strandszenerie und lchelt.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Brille spielt auf einer schwarzen Gitarre.
Dieses kleine Kind sitzt hinter dem Lenkrad eines Autos.
Ein Hund rennt los ber den Sand.
Ein kleines Mdchen zeigt ihre lilafarbene Zunge.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen ist im Freien versammelt.
Jemand steht auf einem roten Ball und davor steht ein Mdchen in einem Hemd mit Tigermotiv.
Ein Radfahrer springt mit seinem Fahrrad in der Luft.
Eine blonde Frau mit einem Gegenstand im Mund und einer pinkfarbenen Zahnbrste in der Hand sitzt vor einer leuchtend bunten Couch.
Zwei Menschen oben auf einer Klippe.
Der schwarze Hund ist im Wasser an der Kste.
Ein Junge macht vor einem Baum einen Toe-Touch.
Ein Mann klettert die felsige Seite eines Berges hoch.
Ein kleiner Junge rennt herum, whrend andere auf eine Bhne schauen.
Eine alte Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid mit einem Brotlaib vor einer Tr.
Menschen gehen in einem Innenstadtbereich entlang.
Vier Mnner faulenzen vor einem Gebude.
Eine Frau in pinkfarbener Bluse unterhlt sich mit einem belustigten hellhutigen Mann.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Weste und bunter Krawatte zieht die Aufmerksamkeit einer Menschenmenge in der Nhe eines Restaurants im Freien auf sich.
Eine junge Frau legt ihren Kopf auf die Schulter eines Mannes.
Eine ltere Frau in mehreren Schichten Kleidung sitzt bei einer Treppe und strickt einen Gegenstand.
Ein Mann mit Schaufel und Besen in der Hand sieht zu, wie ein kleiner Junge den Schuh einer Frau putzt.
Drei Mnner in T-Shirts und Shorts sitzen auf dem Gras und essen Speisen.
Das Bein eines Kindes drngt sich durch eine Hundetr.
Arbeiter in rotem Hemd klettert eine Leiter hinauf, um in einen Behlter auf einem Gabelstapler hineinzuschauen.
Ein Mdchen mit blondem Haar springt von einer Reifenschaukel.
Eine junge Frau tanzt fr ein kleines Publikum.
Kinder und Mtter sitzen im Halbkreis auf dem Boden.
Eine grauhaarige Frau blttert fr einen Kreis von Kindern auf blauen Sthlen die Seiten eines Buches um.
Kinder essen an einem langen Tisch mit schwarzen Sthlen.
Eine Frau mit geflochtenem Haar sitzt an einem Tisch voll Essen und gestikuliert.
Ein Snowboardfahrer nutzt eine Rampe, um ber ein Gelnder zu grinden.
Ein gelb-brauner Hund macht im Freien sein Geschft.
Ein Mann in gelbem Mantel steht auf dem Gipfel eines Berges.
Ein beleibter Herr wei nicht, wie er seinen Schirm benutzen soll.
Ein Mann sitzt in der Mitte einer Gruppe auf einem Stuhl.
Eine Frau macht bei einem Hoffest Seilspringen im Gras.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Picknicktisch und hlt ein Baby.
Mnner mit roten Fliegen singen in einem Chor.
Ein Junge springt in einen Pool.
Ein Baby in weiem Oberteil schreit.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd schreibt auf einer Tafel.
Ein Mann mit grauen Handschuhen hlt auf einer Treppe die Hnde an die Ohren.
Ein junger Mann macht Breakdance auf einer Pflasterstrae und viele Menschen schauen zu.
Ein Mann geht und hlt dabei einen Hut auf einem Stock.
Eine brnette Frau probiert ihre essbare Schpfung aus einer Schssel.
Ein groer hellbrauner Hund rennt mit einem grnen Gegenstand im Maul.
Ein Sicherheitsbeauftragter schaut ber ein Gewsser mit Lichtern.
Ein Kleinkind mit nassem Haar steht in ein Handtuch gewickelt an einem Schwimmbecken.
Die Berge, die das Paar ansieht, sind wunderschn.
Ein Herr telefoniert an seinem Schreibtisch, whrend ein Kind auf seinem Scho sitzt und auf einem Blatt Papier malt.
Mdchen in Rot mit gestreifter Strumpfhose spielt vor einem Gebude Geige.
Viele schwarze Hunde rennen ber eine Grasflche.
Eine Frau arbeitet an einer Maschine und lchelt.
Ein kleines Mdchen klettert und ist sicher von oben angeseilt.
Ein hellbrauner Hund steckt den Kopf in Gestrpp.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen an Bnken mit Blick auf das Wasser vorbei.
Ein Tennisspieler macht eine Bewegung, um den herankommenden Tennisball zu schlagen.
Ein Mann in grauem Hemd und schwarzer Hose spielt Tennis.
Eine junge Dame beim Tennistraining.
Mnnliches Kind spielt allein in einem runden, geschlossenen Spielgert im Park.
Eine Frau in einem Caf trinkt Kaffee und macht dabei Schreibarbeit.
Ein Mensch mit einem roten Hut trgt eine riesige Eiscremschssel, aus der mehrere Eiswaffeln herausragen.
Drei Frauen sitzen um eine erhhte Feuerstelle herum und grillen aufgespiete Ferkel.
Ein Mensch hlt sich, den Krper in Flugposition, in der Luft an einem Fahrrad fest.
Zwei Mnner sitzen an einem Tisch und reden miteinander, einer hlt ein halb geffnetes Buch.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hut auf dem Kopf sitzt auf einem Stuhl am Straenrand.
Ein Hund hpft durchs braune Gras.
Ein Mann macht bei dem Versuch, auf ein Fahrrad zu springen, einen Backflip.
Ein Baby in einem grnen Beutel linst hinaus.
Ein Mann mit grauem Haar zieht ein schwarzes Kragenhemd ber ein weies knpfbares Hemd, whrend mehrere andere Mnner zuschauen.
Eine Band spielt, in Bhnenlicht getaucht.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke spielt auf einer schwarzen E-Gitarre und singt.
Ein lchelnder Mensch mit einer knallbunten Irokesenfrisur.
Ein groer weier Pudel luft mit einer Sandale im Maul bers Gras.
Zwei Mdchen halten ihre jngere Schwester hoch.
Ein Mann in einem Kilt spielt ein Instrument vor einem Schaufenster.
Ein kleiner Junge trinkt Wasser aus dem grnen Schlauch.
Eine Frau fhrt auf einem stdtischen Gehsteig Fahrrad, whrend Mnner in langen Anzugjacken mit einer Reihe anderer Menschen herumstehen.
Ein einzelner Surfer surft auf einer hohen Welle im Meer.
Ein Junge in orangefarbenem Hemd hat hochstehende Haare.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Kleid schaut einen U-Bahn-Zeitungsstnder an.
Zwei Menschen stehen in seichtem Wasser und schwingen Wunderkerzen durch die Luft.
Zwei Frauen in lndlicher Gegen sortieren Getreide.
Ein Mann auf einem Vierradfahrzeug springt in einem Feld.
Frauen fahren Moped und E-Fahrrad.
Eine Dame hlt einen Schirm hinter etwas, das wie ein Wasserfall aussieht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen mit Essen an einer Theke.
Ein Cowboy steht bei einem Rodeo in der Nhe von zwei Schafen und einem Hund.
Drei Mnner im Freien lcheln, trinken Bier und machen Fotos.
Eine junge Frau in einem Tanktop raucht eine Zigarette und hlt zwei Bocciakugeln.
Ein paar Menschen im Wasser auf einem Kanu.
Ein Mann mit Dreadlocks sitzt in einer DJ-Kabine und lchelt.
Ein Mann giet etwas aus einem Getrnkeautomaten in einen Becher.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd mit der Aufschrift money talks trinkt, an einen Verizon-Laster gelehnt, Wasser.
Ein groer brauner Hund schnffelt am Hinter eines kleinen weien Hundes.
Zwei blonde Mdchen in weien Kleidern, eine deutlich kleiner als die andere, stehen am Ufer einer groen Wasserflche.
Mann hat den Arm um die Schulter der Freundin gelegt und die beiden schauen etwas an.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Briefkasten mit einem Telefon in der Hand.
Ein schwarzer Hund bei einem Hunderennen.
Zwei Frauen stehen nebeneinander und lachen.
Ein Mdchen und ihr Kind gehen neben einem Berg entlang.
Ein Mann in weiem T-Shirt und beigefarbenen Shorts liegt schlafend auf einem schwarzen Sofa.
Ein kleiner Junge zeigt und schaut auf einen Baum, im Hintergrund sind drei weitere Bume.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Junge in blauem Hemd und dunklen Shorts rennt durch eine Fontne.
Menschen amsieren sich auf einer Grillparty.
Zwei Erwachsene und ein Kind stehen auf einem Felsen, im Hintergrund sind Berge.
Ein junger Mann im T-Shirt in einem Buchladen lchelt.
Eine Gruppe mnnlicher Personen mit Helm steht in einer Reihe, im Hintergrund sind Flaggen und eine Menschenmenge.
Ein orangefarbener Lkw fhrt vor einem weien Gebude die Strae entlang.
Ein Baseballspieler steht am Platz und fngt einen fliegenden Baseball in seinem Handschuh.
Der Mann arbeitet nach Einbruch der Dunkelheit auf einem Markt.
Ein Hund ruht auf einer Matratze, whrend eine alte Frau auf dem Boden sitzt.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem Slinky auf der Strae.
Ein Mensch segelt mit einem roten Fallschirm ber Gras in der Luft.
Mnner in traditioneller schottischer Kleidung marschieren und spielen Dudelsack.
Eine Gruppe von Soldaten marschiert mit Flaggen in der Hand in Reih und Glied.
Vier Jungen rennen einen Hang hinauf davon.
Zwei Jungenmannschaften spielen Fuball, ein Junge ist in der Luft und hinter ihm ist der Ball.
Ein Kind spielt mit Wassernudeln in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen Outfit macht Hula-Hoop, whrend Leute essend an Tischen sitzen.
Eine Person steht auf einer Klippe mit Blick auf ein breites Tal.
Zwei kleine Jungen sitzen auf einem Stuhl neben Blumen und einem grnen Rechen.
Eine fnfkpfige Exerziergruppe auf der Bhne.
Braut und Brutigam beim Smalltalk mit einem Gast und der Brutigam schttelt dem Gast die Hand.
Paar wird in einer Kirche getraut.
Zwei Menschen auf einer Wildwasserbahn in einem Freizeitpark.
Zwei junge Mnner spielen bei einem Fuballspiel mit.
Typ in rotem Fuballdress mitten in der Luft-
Eine Frau kocht Essen auf einem heien Herd.
Ein Mdchen mit schwarzen Handschuhen rennt.
Ein Mdchen in blauen Jeans lehnt an einem gold-gelben Auto.
Ein Mann und ein Junge posieren fr ein Bild auf einer Treppe mit Blick auf einen Wasserfall.
Eine Frau in violetter Jacke steht neben einem Pferd.
Eine Braut umarmt eine Person mit kurzem blondem Haar.
Eine rothaarige Frau mit grnen Augen steigt in einen Van.
Ein Mann in kariertem Hemd steht neben einem Schutthaufen.
Kinder spielen mit einem Fahrrad im Sand.
Drei kleine Jungen ringen, einer davon mit freiem Oberkrper lchelt und schaut in die Kamera.
Junge in Orange springt von einer rostigen bunten Rhre in den Sand.
Zwei Mnner in grauen Hemden und mit roten Mtzen arbeiten mit Zement.
Ein Typ macht ein Nickerchen im hinteren Teil eines Fahrzeugs.
Fahrzeug parken vor einem Restaurant und Tankstelle irgendwo in Mexiko.
Zwei Mdchen stehen in einem mexikanischen Lokal in der Schlange zum Bestellen.
Foto von Freunden, zwei Jungen schauen einander an und das Mdchen schaut lchelnd in die Kamera.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund hat den Kopf auf untere Treppenstufen gelegt.
Ein  kleiner Junge in einem roten Hemd schwingt einen Baseballschlger.
Mann in Geschftskleidung springt von der Seite eines Gebudes.
Zwei Mnner schlafen auf dem Rcksitz eines Autos.
Paar im Auto schaut etwas hinter der Kamera an.
Eine schwarz-pink gekleidete Frau hat ein groes Tattoo auf dem Rcken.
Zwei Mnner sitzen in einem Fahrzeug und lcheln.
Mnner und Frauen fahren an einem heien sonnigen Tag in einer groen Stadt Fahrrad.
Junge in gelbem Tanktop lacht am Strand.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einer Bank im Schatten mit Blick auf Bume und ein groes Gebude.
Ein Ureinwohner-Junge in Gelb schwingt sich von einem Seil.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt im Wasser.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen rennt ber den Sand..
Lufer und Radfahrer eilen eine leere Strae in New York entlang.
Ein Mann hlt ein kleines Mdchen auf einer Strae.
Ein nasses kleines Mdchen in weiem Mantel steht zwischen Wasserfontnen.
Zwei weibliche Personen machen Kaugummiblasen.
Ein mnnlicher Erwachsenen und ein kleines Kind fahren Fahrrad und schauen nach links.
Ein weies Auto parkt in einem Dritte-Welt-Land neben Husern.
Fnf Mnner bauen das Fundament fr ein Haus.
Ein Kind schwimmt unter Wasser in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hut auf dem Kopf hlt eine Leiter, whrend ein Mann mit einem braunen Hut auf dem Kopf ihn ansieht.
Zwei Kids jagen einander im Sand.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen blickt ber ein Gelnder aufs Wasser und das Land im Nebel.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sammelt im Freien Gemse.
Ein Mann an einem Obststand hrt mit befremdetem Blick jemandem am Telefon zu.
Erwachsener und Kind laufen auf einer unbefestigten Strae.
Eine Person in Blau untersucht eine Wand.
Mnner arbeiten bei einem Bauprojekt zusammen.
Eine Person mit rot-gestreiften Socken rennt ber einen Waldweg am Hang.
Menschen auf der Strae in der Stadt gehen an einem Puppentheater vorbei.
Ein hellbrauner Hund mit Maulkorb luft ber Sand.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd und blauen Shorts luft im Freien.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd und grauer Hose schlft auf einer Bank auf dem Gehsteig.
Bauarbeiter bauen einen Rahmen fr eine Konstruktion.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen baut eine Wand fr ein Gebude.
Eine Frau spielt Orgel in einer Kirche.
Ein junger Mann mit Baseballkappe spielt E-Gitarre.
Mnner halten bei Bauarbeiten das Fachwerk fr eine Wand hoch.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Mantel isst einen Doughnut, andere Mnner schauen aus einem Rahmen heraus.
Vier Menschen stehen vor Bumen.
Ein Mann mit Irokesenfrisur auf einem College-Campus trgt einen Rucksack.
Zwei Kinder rutschen im Schnee.
Ein gescheckter Hund rennt hinter einigen Pfahlkonstruktionen im Boden am Ufer.
Ein Mann im Freien verkauft verschiedene Spielzeuge.
Die Frau mit Rucksack im grn-gestreiften Hemd hat ein Tattoo auf dem Rcken.
Ein Straenknstler fhrt auf einem hohen Einrad und hlt dabei  Jongliergerte im Gleichgewicht.
Vier Mnner und eine Frau sitzen im Schatten auf dem Boden.
Der Hund rennt durch Tiefschnee.
Ein Mann arbeitet im Dienstwagen des roten Zugs.
Der kleiner Junge luft durch die Wassersprenger.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen baut ein Gerst fr ein Gebude.
Eine Person schaut Wasserstrahlen an.
Ein Mann liegt auf zwei grnen Luftmatratzen und hlt einen Daumen in die Luft.
Ein Mann mit Kapuze arbeitet in einem Kiosk und stellt seine Waren aus.
Ansicht eines Marktplatzes voller Menschen in einem asiatischen Land.
Ein Mann steht in seinem Ruderboot und fischt mit einem Netz im Wasser.
Zwei Mnner in weien T-Shirts mit Werkzeuggrteln sitzen auf einem Gerst fr eine Konstruktion.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen isst gemeinsam im Freien.
Drei Menschen lassen sich fotografieren, einer ist nach vorn gebeugt.
Die drei Hunde stehen im Sand.
Ein Mdchen taucht gleich aus einem Schwimmbecken auf.
Menschen liegen und sitzen neben Audio- und Videoausrstung.
Mehrere Menschen sind mit Luftmatratzen und anderen Gegenstnden in einem Gebude.
Der Junge und das Mdchen tragen Schwimmbrillen.
Ein Bild von einem lchelnden, tanzenden Kind in einem Kostm.
Eine Mutter in traditioneller Kleidung und ihre beiden Kinder posieren fr ein Bild.
Ein Motorradfahrer fhrt auf einem schwarzen Motorrad.
Mehrere kleine Jungen und Mdchen springen im Freien auf einem Trampolin.
Eine dunkelhaarige Dame schaut in der U-Bahn-Station einige Papiere durch.
Zwei Wanderer stehen oben auf einem verschneiten Berg.
Mann und Frauen schauen auf einem Lebensmittelmarkt eine Frchtepackung an.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt im grnen Gras ber eine Stange.
Eine Dame sitzt hinter einer Spriteflasche und leckt etwas Weies von ihrer Gabel.
Der verletzte Sportler wird von mehreren Menschen getragen.
Ein kleines Kind springt ber dem Meer in die Luft.
Ein Hund schwimmt im Wasser.
Eine Menschenmenge bei einem Jahrmarkt schaut zu, wie drei Mnner einen groen Bullen reizen.
Ein Artz in einem Bro lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein Mann und eine alte Frau stehen da und schauen etwas hinter dem Fotografen an.
Ein Schirm spendet Schatten fr eine junge Frau mit einem kleinen Jungen, der unter dem Tisch hockt.
Ein Mdchen auf der Wiese wird gleich einen Fuball treten.
Ein Bulle greift einen Bullenreiter bei einem Live-Rodeo an.
Ein schwarz gekleideter schwarzer Mann steht vor einer U-Bahn.
Ein Junge spielt auf einer Anordnung von Steinen.
Ein  kleiner Junge in einem hellblauen Hemd hlt etwas in der Hand und lchelt.
Eine Frau im Badeanzug fhrt einen Hund am Strand spazieren.
Eine Frau vor einem Laden hlt ein Gebinde gelber Ballons.
Die Frau liest ein Buch.
Zwei Mdchen liegen im Gras und lcheln, whrend sie fotografiert werden.
Typ mit Skijacke springt von einer Brcke ins Wasser.
Fnf Mnner stehen im Freien und sehen so aus, als wrden sie gleich arbeiten.
Ein Mann in orangefarbener Jacke spricht mit einer Kassierin.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Badeanzug rennt durch die Wassersprenger.
Die beiden kleinen Jungen essen Lebensmittel.
Drei Erwachsene und drei Kinder schwimmen in einem ffentlichen Schwimmbecken, ein Kind ist kurz davor zu tauchen.
Ein Mensch auf einem Fahrrad fhrt durch ein bewaldetes Gebiet.
Ein Kind in Orange auf einem Bodyboard in den Wellen.
Eine Dame in Blau schaut sich die Umgebung genau an, indem sie durch die aufgestellte Kamera im Park blickt.
Bilder auf einer weien Ziegelwand und vor der Wand steht ein lchelnder Mann.
Menschen laufen bei einem Markt im Freien ber Fliesen.
Ein Mann in grnem Hemd und schwarzer Hose schaut auf einer belebten Marktstrae in ein Geschft.
Eine Reihe von Einkufern schauen in einem Laden die Fernsehbildschirme an.
Ein Windhund mit Maulkorb rennt ber einen Weg.
Drei Kinder auf einem Sprungbrett, eins springt ab.
Zwei ltere Frauen sitzen auf einer weien Bank in einem Park.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen stehen fr ein Spiel an.
Drei wie Chefs gekleidete Mnner sitzen auf einer Steinbank.
Ein Mann geht aus einem Sanitrcontainer.
Ein kleiner Junge in weiem Hemd und Jeans steckt sich die Fingern in den Mund.
Ein Hund rennt durch den Sand.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen vor einem grnen Heineken-Schild und umarmen sich.
Braunhaarige mnnliche Person in weiem Hemd mit offenen Armen zeigt ein Lcheln.
Ein Baby liegt auf einem Handtuch und weint beim Windelwechseln.
Zwei Mnner lcheln vor einem Feuer.
Mehrere asiatische Frauen in schwarzen Outfits und mit Kronen halten Platten mit Speisen darauf.
Menschen beim Fallschirmspringen.
Ein Mensch ist im Wasser und wirft das Haar zurck.
Junger brtiger Mann in weiem Tanktop sitzt hinter einem Schlagzeug.
Ein schwarzer Hund hpft in die Luft, whrend im Hintergrund eine Frau schreit.
Viele Grundschulkinder sitzen zusammen im Freien.
Zwei Jungen in Shorts sitzen mit einem Tablett und im Hintergrund sind andere Menschen. 
Ein schwarz-weier Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Ein Mann spielt in einem Schlafzimmer Gitarre, hinter ihm an der Wand ist ein Bild von einem Pilz.
Eine blonde Frau hngt von einer roten Stange.
Ein kleiner Junge in grnem Overall wirft hinter dem glnzenden Tisch im Restaurant die Hnde in die Luft.
Ein gut gekleideter kahlkpfiger Mann mit roter Brille geht mit groen Schritten.
Verschiedene Menschen kaufen und betrachten verschiedene Arten von Gemse und Blumen.
Ein Mdchen in gelbem Hemd bespritzt zwei Menschen mit Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt vom Sprungbrett in ein Schwimmbecken.
Mdchen mit Schleifen im Haar kreischt.
Junger Mann zeigt sein Zungenpiercing, neben ihm steht eine Frau.
Ein Schwimmer schwimmt durch ein Langschwimmbecken.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd gibt seinem Kleinkind einen Schluck von seinem Getrnk.
Eine Frau in einem Raum richtet hngende Kleidung.
Ein Heer in brauner Hose und Hemd spricht mit einem Mann in weiem Hemd vor einer Nhmaschine.
Eine kostmierte Frau spielt auf einer Bank ein Instrument.
Eine Frau in rotem Badeanzug steht neben einem Schwimmbecken und richtet ihre Schwimmbrille.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen mit Spielzeugen.
Eine Frau verwendet eine Zeitung, um Schatten zu erzeugen und Blendlicht abzuwehren, whrend sie drauen am Computer arbeitet.
Ein Skateboardfahrer macht vor einer Wand mit Graffiti ein Skateboard-Kunststck.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem roten Fuballhemd, Socken und Stollenschuhen steht auf einer grnen Wiese.
Mann sitzt auf einem grnen Stuhl und hlt eine Angelrute ins Wasser.
Ein blonder Junge in dunklem Kapuzenpulli hlt eine Angelrute.
Zwei Menschen fahren neben Pinienbumen einen Fluss hinunter.
Zwei Menschen paddeln im Kanu ein strmisches Stck Fluss nahe eines Pinienwalds entlang.
Ein Junge springt vollstndig bekleidet ins Wasser.
Ein Tourbus voller Menschen, die alle nach links schauen und ihre Augen auf einen Gegenstand richten, auf den der Reiseleiter hingewiesen hat.
Eine Frau hlt sich am Arm einer anderen Frau fest.
Ein weier Hund trgt in der Nhe eines Zauns einen Ball ber das Gras.
Ein Mann in gelber Jacke fhrt im Schnee Ski.
Ein Saxofonspieler in blauem Sweatshirt und ein Akkordeonspieler unterhalten Menschen auf der Strae, darunter ein Pirat.
Ein indischer Mann steht am Ufer eines Flusses.
Gelbe Mannschaft gegen rote Mannschaft kicken einen blau-weien Fuball.
Ein kleiner Junge nhert sich dem Fuball, um ihn zu treten.
Ein Mann mit Bart und Sonnenbrille lehnt sich auf einer Couch zurck und hat die Fe auf einen Couchtisch gelegt.
Ein Baby in pinkfarbener Kleidung schaut einen Maiskolben an.
Ein mit einer weien Decke zugedecktes Kind schlft.
Ein Papa feiert ber eine Webcam einen Geburtstag mit seiner Familie.
Drei Mnner und eine Frau springen in ein Schwimmbecken voll mit ruhigem blauem Wasser.
Ein brauner Hund wird in einer lndlichen Gegend gejagt.
Frisch verheiratete Braut und Brutigam gehen in einem innigen Moment den Brgersteig entlang.
Exotisch gekleidete Dame macht Hula-Hoop.
Ein Typ in gestreiftem Hemd liegt auf einer Picknickdecke und macht ein Nickerchen.
Zwei Mnner bereiten die Erde fr die Anpflanzung neuer Feldfrchte vor.
Eine grauhaarige Frau in gelbem Hemd sitzt unter einem blauen Schild.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen steht mit Flaggen in den Hnden auf der Bhne.
Dieser Junge spielt im Wasser und breitet dabei die Arme aus.
Ein junges Paar schaut aufs Meer.
Eine junge Frauen mit langem braunem Haar spielt mit der linken Hand auf einer schwarzen Gitarre.
Ein Dachshund fngt einen blau-gelben Tennisball.
Ein Mann geht mit einer Sonnenbrille oben auf dem Kopf die Strae entlang.
Zwei Menschen stehen nach einem Workout vor einer Wand.
Ein Pferd springt mit einem Reiter in einer grnen Jacke ber zwei Gelnder.
Ein Mann steht neben einem schwarzen Klappstuhl.
Fnf Menschen waten und schwimmen am Rand eines Flusses oder Sees.
Ein Mann verwendet in der Nhe von hngenden Teppichen sein Mobiltelefon.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter sitzt in so etwas hnlichem wie einer Rikscha, whrend der Fahrer von hinten auf ihn zeigt.
Ein kahl werdender Mann sitzt gegen ein Bndel gewebter Decken gelehnt auf dem Gehsteig.
Eine junge Frau in einem schwarzen Bikini brstet am Strand ihr langes braunes Haar.
Kleines Kind planscht und spielt am Strand.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd und grauer Hose arbeitet in einem Kleiderladen im Freien.
Verkufer auf dem Gehsteig in weiem Hemd und brauner Hose verkauft gegrillten Mais.
Eine mnnliche und zwei weibliche Personen (beide in Badekleidung) stehen neben einer Sandburg am Strand.
Ein Mann der aussieht wie eine Statue auf dem Gehsteig.
Ein Mann in grauem Tanktop mit Strohhut spielt Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Diashow und macht eine Prsentation.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Bikini lacht am Fue einer Wasserrutsche.
Der braune Hund rennt mit einem Ball im Maul ber ein Feld.
Ein kleiner Junge in weiem Hemd mit einem Gummihammer.
Ein Mdchen im Kleid hngt an orangefarbenem Gelnder.
Eine Gruppe Erwachsener hlt Musikinstrumente; es sieht nicht so aus, als ob sie auf den Instrumenten spielen wrden.
Eine Menschenmenge sitzt drauen auf grnem Gras.
Kind schreit und luft ber Sand, im Hintergrund sind eine andere Person und Meer.
Mann schmettert Volleyball ber das Netz, vor ihm ist ein anderer Spieler.
Vier mnnliche Streicher sitzen auf einer Bhne und spielen von ihren Notenpulten auf ihren Instrumenten.
Ein Mann in langem Mantel schneidet den Boden.
Zwei Mnner aus Nahost in weien Roben spielen auf einer groen Gitarre und einer Bongo.
Ein Ritter auf einem Pferd und ein anderer Mann spielen fr eine Gruppe von Zuschauern eine mittelalterliche Szene nach.
Zwei kleine Mdchen springen in einem innerstdtischen Park von einer oder ber eine Betonmauer.
Eine Frau in einem gestreiften Pullover steht auf einem Hgel.
Ein lterer Mann in blauem Anzug geht aus einem Gebude, auf dessen Vorderseite der Name Grace steht.
Der schwarze Hund springt mit irgendetwas im Maul aus dem Wasser.
Ein lchelnder Junge hngt an einer Seilrutsche auf einem Spielplatz.
Eine Gruppe von Polizisten vor einem stdtischen Gebude.
Ein Mann mit blauer Baseballkappe und mit freiem Oberkrper arbeitet auf einem Dach.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen macht im Sonnenschein und umgeben von Bumen gemeinsam eine Heuwagenfahrt.
Ein Mann mit Brille ksst eine weibliche Person auf die Stirn.
Eine Trauung in einer Kirche.
Eine Frau mit schulterlangem Haar sitzt in blau gestreiftem Hemd und hochhackigen Schuhen auf einem Gehsteig.
Eine blonde Frau sitzt neben einem Haufen Ruckscke.
Eine Gruppe orientalischer Tnzerinnen beim Auftritt auf einem Parkplatz.
Zwei kleine braun-weie Hunde stehen nebeneinander.
Ein Mann und eine Frau knien vorn im Gang und werden getraut.
Ein Ringtrger transportiert bei einer Hochzeit einen Ring auf einem Kissen.
Drei junge Mnner spielen ein Monopoly-Spiel, bei dem sich zwei von ihnen krperlich streiten.
Ein Hund schnffelt am Gestrpp und ein Bulle schaut zu.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau in Jacken und Hten stehen auf einer nassen Strae zusammen und die Frau trgt einen Schirm.
Eine Frau winkt mit der Hand von einem Wohnungsfenster aus.
Eine Frau in braunem Hemd mit einem Diadem telefoniert.
Ein Polizist in Lederjacke steht neben seinem Motorrad.
Ein weier Hund rennt auf die Kamera zu.
Ein Mann auf einem Rasenmher fhrt an einem Auto vorbei.
Blonder Mann in weiem geknpften Hemd vor zwei rothaarigen Frauen, die eine hlt ein Mikrofon und die andere trgt Kopfhrer.
Diese Person trgt einen Schweihelm.
Ein bergewichtiger Mann trgt Schutzhelm und -handschuhe.
Ein Erwachsener spielt Dame mit einem kleinen blonden Jungen.
Drei schwarze Hunde sind an einem Strand.
Ein Arzt prft den Herzschlag eines kleinen Mdchens.
Eine Gruppe Kids in einer Reihe hlt Stcke und Schwerter.
Eine Frau schwingt ihr Haar aus dem Wasser.
Eine Band mit vier Gitarristen und einem Drummer spielt auf der Bhne.
Ein Konzert findet statt.
Ein Croupier und ein Paar lcheln in die Kamera.
Ein Mann mit blauem Helm sitzt auf einem Motorrad.
Ein rothaariger Clown mit einem weien Hut weint Fluten von Trnen auf der Bhne.
Eine Frau in Wei macht Akrobatik.
Zwei Menschen in Turnanzgen beim Auftritt.
Ein kleiner Junge springt von einem Spielgert auf einem Spielplatz.
Der kleine Junge im blauen Hemd isst mit Essstbchen.
Ein Rennauto mit Budweiser-Werbung beschleunigt schnell und lsst Rauch zurck.
Mann auf hohem Einrad in hellgelbem Hemd, rotem Bandana und Tarnhose jongliert mit drei Kegeln, whrend Leute zuschauen.
Eine alte Frau in einem Schal ist in der Stadt.
Ein Kind trgt einen Papierhut und isst in einem Lokal.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt nach einem Tennisball.
Zwei Hunde in Rennausrstung rennen ber matschigen Untergrund.
Drei Typen sind dabei, Backflips auszufhren.
Ein Spieler schiet den Fuball von der Ecke des Spielfelds aus.
BMX-Fahrer springt von einer Rampe.
Ein Junge versucht auf zwei schwimmenden Vorrichtungen stehend die Balance zu halten, whrend zwei andere zuschauen.
Es wird auf eine Frau gezeigt, die beim Essen sitzt.
Zwei Mnner stehen vor einer Kasse mit mehreren Gegenstnden.
Eine Frau in weiem Hemd trgt eine Schwimmbrille.
Ein Fensterputzer in blauem Hemd seift die Fenster ein.
Zwei Menschen tragen etwas um den Hals.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen in weien Gewndern geht durch das Gras.
Mensch hlt eine Gitarre mit religisen Bildern und reflektierenden Aufklebern auf der Vorderseite.
Zwei Mnner stehen vor einem Protestschild, das an einem roten Schaltschrank lehnt.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen genieen Essen im Freien.
Eine Frau in gestreiftem Oberteil steht neben den Plschtierpreisen.
Ein blondes Mdchen spielt auf einem aufgeblasenen Hpfspielzeug.
Ein Mann in weiem T-Shirt sieht zu, wie ein Hund einen Backflip macht.
Der Typ in gestreiftem Hemd spielt auf seiner E-Gitarre.
Eine Frau macht Gymnastik und ein Mann macht ein Foto von ihr in der Luft.
Ein Stabhochspringer springt gleich mit seinem Stab vom Boden ab.
Ein Mann mit Strohhut grbt mit einer Schaufel.
Eine Frau mit rotem Haar hlt zwei Katzen.
Ein grn gekleideter Junge fhrt vor Flipper-Maschinen auf einem Videospiel-Motorrad.
Zwei Frauen spielen im Sand Volleyball.
Die Dame trgt ein herrliches weies Kleid in Kombination mit wunderschnen hochhackigen Schuhen.
Ein kleiner Junge steht in sehr hohem grnem Gras.
Ein Mann hlt sein fast leeres Getrnk und lacht jemandem auf der andere Seite des Tisches zu.
Ein Fuballspieler rennt auf das Feld.
Ein Mdchen in rotem Hemd steht an seinem Schreibtisch und malt etwas aus.
Ein kleiner Junge macht ein Geschenk auf.
Ein Kind in blauem Hemd und blauer Hose steht in einem Park.
Ein kleiner Junge steht zwischen einer Wand und mehreren groen Felsen.
Ein Hunderudel rennt ber einen Weg davon.
Eine Fliegerin sieht nach einer lteren Frau.
Eine Gruppe als Piraten verkleideter Mnner steht mit Schildern vor der Cheesecake Factory.
Ein kleiner Junge schreit auf einer Achterbahn.
Ein wie ein Indianer gekleideter Mann mit zwei Hunden steht neben Heu und spricht mit einer Gruppe von Leuten.
Eine Frau schreibt eine Notiz fr eine ltere Frau.
Eine fitte Beachvolleyball-Spielerin macht sich bereit zum Baggern.
Ein Mann blickt durch Holzstbe, die er in der Hand hlt, nach drauen.
Nahaufnahme einer Bartenderin, die ein Glas in der Bar greift.
Mann und Junge mit Ruckscken auf einem Wanderweg.
Ein Hund rennt mit einem platten Maul im  Ball auf einem Hof.
Mdchen gewinnt bei Sonnenuntergang mit Mann im Hintergrund Gelassenheit wieder.
Ein junger Mann sitzt abends neben einem Tisch mit Alufolie, Schokolade und Krckern.
Zwei Mnner rsten drauen an einem Lagerfeuer Marshmallows.
Eine Frau in einer Schrze mit Kuhmuster und einem Hut aus falschem Kse schneidet echten Kse.
Ein braun-weier Hund schaut einen Tennisball in einem Schwimmbecken an.
Ein Mann in orangefarbener Sicherheitsweste wendet sich in einem Wald an mehrere andere Mnner.
Eine Cheerleader-Gruppe posiert vor vollen Tribnen fr ein Foto.
Ein kleiner weier Hund trgt eine Leine und luft neben einem Zaun.
Ein Mann gestaltet mit einer Kettensge eine Holzskulptur.
Drei Nachrichtensprecher, zwei Mnner und eine Frau, sitzen in der Nachrichtenredaktion und lachen.
Der Junge mit der roten Schwimmbrille schwimmt unter Wasser.
Ein  kleiner lchelnder Junge mit einem blauen Schutzhelm und gelbem Hemd fhrt mit seinem Roller auf dem Gehsteig.
Zwei Hunde spielen oder kmpfen miteinander.
Ein kleines Kind in einem blauen Oberteil ist auf einem blauen Spielzeug.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in Badekleidung posiert fr ein Foto.
Ein kleiner Junge mit braunem Haar ist von einem braunen Stuhl auf den Boden gesprungen.
Junge in Badeshorts hlt eine Schwimmbrille und rennt.
Kind spielt mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen auf einer Betoneinfahrt einer Hausparzelle.
Menschen fahren im Einkaufszentrum auf einer Rolltreppe hoch.
Kleiner Junge in grnem Hemd ist bis zur Hfte in Sand eingebuddelt.
Eine Frau in orangefarbener Jacke spricht ber ihr Mobiltelefon.
Eine Frau tut eine Suppenschale aus einem groen Suppentopf auf.
Ein Mann mit Hut baut ein Haus.
Jemand in blauem Hemd schreibt auf einem Stck Zeitung.
Ein Hund versucht, Wasser aus einem Wassersprenger zu trinken.
Mnner mit Helm machen Straenarbeiten mit einer groen goldenen Maschine.
Ein alter Mann fhrt auf einer Landstrae Fahrrad.
Ein Junge in gelbem Tanktop rennt vor einer hereinbrechenden Welle davon.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd macht ein Foto von einem Berg.
Ein Bild von Schlern in einem Klassenzimmer bei einem Computertest.
Ein Kind mit einem Hut auf dem Kopf steht an einem Strand und blickt aufs Meer hinaus.
Ein kleines Kind klettert auf eine rote Matte, die auf einem festlichen Teppich liegt.
Mann mit orangefarbenem Helm fhrt ein Baustellenfahrzeug und winkt.
Ein Mann mit Bauarbeiterhelm und Weste geht vor einem angehaltenen groen roten Sattelzug in einem Waldgebiet entlang.
Mann macht ein Foto von Frauen am Strand.
Ein Mann mit Brille in einem grnen Hemd bt drinnen auf einem Saiteninstrument.
Zwei kleine Jungen fahren mit ihren Fahrrdern auf der Strae.
Kinder in Shorts spielen drauen im Park mit Spritzwasser.
Ein brauner Hund trgt einen nassen Stock am Meeresufer.
Zwei Mnner mit albernen Brillen sitzen auf dem Boden.
Zwei Bauarbeiter sitzen auf Rhren, wobei einer winkt und sein Gesicht verdeckt.
Menschen sitzen an langen Tischen, alle in dieselbe Richtung gewandt, manche von ihnen schreiben und manche schauen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau springen von einem Boat in blaues Wasser.
Eine Softballspielerin rutscht dramatisch auf eine Platte, whrend der Malspieler bereitsteht, den Ball zu fangen.
Ein Mdchen ffnet ein Geschenk, whrend ein kleiner Junge im Pyjama zuschaut.
Zwei Hunde springen auf einer Wiese aneinander hoch.
Ein Junge luft ber einen Parkplatz voller Autos.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Lederweste und eine in Rot und Schwarz gekleidete Frau halten einander.
Menschen in einem Auditorium warten darauf, dass etwas beginnt.
Ein Mensch in Jeans sitzt oben auf einem Pferdesattel.
Ein Wartungsarbeiter steigt in seinen grnen Laster.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Haar in einem braunen Hemd macht Portrts von Menschen.
Mann mit Brille in grnem Hemd fhrt eine Aufgabe an einem Computer aus.
Nahaufnahme eines kleinen Jungen, der lchelt und sich an einem Gert auf einem Spielplatz festhlt.
Eine Frau trgt einen kleinen Jungen und lacht dabei zusammen mit einem Mann in einem grauen T-Shirt.
Eine Gromutter sieht zu, wie ihre Tochter und ihr Enkel in einem Wohnzimmer mit Zgen spielen.
Eine junge mnnliche Person nippt an Saft.
Eine Sngerin singt leidenschaftlich, whrend im Hintergrund der Begleitgitarrist spielt.
Menschen stehen oben auf einem roten Touristenbus.
Ein kleines Kind rennt ber einen Strand und Vgel fliegen hoch.
Ein kleiner Hund fngt einen Tennisball mit dem Maul.
Ein Polizist steht mit den Hnden in der Tasche drauen auf der Strae.
Eine Person auf einem Feld schaut durch ein Teleskop, whrend ein blaues Auto sich nhert oder wartet.
Das Fahrzeug berquert einen Wasserstrom in einem Waldgebiet.
Ein Mann in Jeans steuert nahe der Kste einen Drachen.
Ein junger Mann hat die Beine auf ein Maschinenteil gelegt.
Zwei kleine Mdchen lcheln und lachen.
Ein Mann in pinkfarbenem T-Shirt singt ein Lied.
Jemand fttert eine Schildkrte mit einer Erdbeere.
Der Hund springt bei einer Hundeshow ber die Hochsprunglatten und die Besitzerin schaut zu.
Ein Hund luft bei einem Wettbewerb eine Rampe hinunter.
Der Hund rennt um eine wei-pinkfarbene Stange.
Ein weies Cart fhrt auf den Hinterrdern ber eine Rennstrecke.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt in der Wasserfontne.
Sechs kleine Mdchen sitzen auf einem Zementhgel.
Ein kleiner Junge in dunklem T-Shirt und Jeans steht neben einer Fontne im Freien und hat groen Spa.
Ein langhaariger Typ macht einen Backflip auf dem Trampolin.
Ein Mensch in gestreiftem Fleece hngt einen Karabiner an einem Metallseil ein.
Ein Auto ist im Wasser.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stapel Teppiche neben einem Gebude, drei weitere Mnner und eine Frau stehen in der Nhe.
Ein Mann fhrt Skateboard und ein anderer Mann springt ber seinen Kopf.
Vier kleine Mdchen spielen im Wasser.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen mit einem Clown auf einer Bank.
Ein Junge und ein Mann, offenbar der Vater des Jungen, arbeiten bei einem Kunstprojekt zusammen.
Ein lterer Mann bekommt gleich bei einem Frisr die Haare geschnitten.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt an einer Werkbank und bearbeitet sein Kunstwerk.
Ein junger Mnch in Rot und Orange wischt den Boden.
Ein Typ in rotem Mantel, weier Jodhpurhose und schwarzen Stiefeln springt mit seinem grauen Pferd bei einem Hindernisrennen ber Stangen.
Ein Wanderer klettert auf einen felsigen Hgel und um ihn herum ist Nebel.
Ein junger Mann mit Brille trinkt Bier und hlt die Kreuz10 vor die Stirn.
Zwei Kinder zwngen sich durch einen Zaun und schauen nach unten.
Der Hund mit dem langen Fell luft ber einen grasbewachsenen Hof.
Ein Hund luft einen unbefestigten Weg entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt an einem Tisch im Freien und isst Wassermelone.
Drei Frauen auf der Strae, mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf der Erde in der Nhe von zwei Kombis und es befinden sich einige Scke im Kofferraum eines Kombis und andere Scke sind auf der Erde gestapelt.
Menschen stehen am Strand, einer davon unter einem grnen Schirm.
Der schwarze Hund rennt auf der Wiese und fngt mit dem Maul ein Spielzeug.
Zwei Menschen warten an einer Bushaltestelle.
Eine Frau, mehrere Mnner und mehrere Kinder sind auf einem Gehsteig, auf dem Erzeugnisse verkauft werden.
Ein junger Mann sitzt auf einer Couch und raucht.
Ein junger Mann mit einem Zylinder und Trainingsanzug sitzt auf dem Fahrersitz einer kleinen Droschke.
Drei Menschen, zwei davon Frauen, sind in legerer Sommerkleidung am Strand.
Eine Frau bereitet im Geschft Essen zu.
Eine junge Frau hlt das Fahrrad fr ihren Freund, whrend der sein Skateboard herauszieht.
Ein Arbeiter sitzt rittlings auf den Balken eines im Bau befindlichen Gebudes.
Zwei Mnner sprechen in einem Club mit grnen Vorhngen.
Ein junger Mann und eine junge Frau, beide in braunen Hemden, sitzen und lachen.
Eine Frau in rotem Hemd spielt ein Instrument.
Eine Frau sitzt am Strand unter einer Menge Seetang.
Ein Junge auf einem Fahrrad hlt an und dreht sich zum Fotografen um.
Eine Frau in gelbem Mantel sucht etwas, das sie fallenlassen hat, whrend ihr mnnlicher Begleiter in die Kamera schaut.
Zwei Kids auf einem Fahrgeschft in einem Freizeitpark.
Zwei unglcklich aussehende ltere Menschen schauen an der Kamera vorbei, der Mann hlt ein Buch und die Frau trgt einen Pelzmantel.
Ein Mann sitzt mit den Fen auf einer Stange und lchelt.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund trgt eine Frisbee bers Gras.
Schulbasar, um Geld fr Reisen dazuzuverdienen.
Kleines Mdchen mit pinkfarbener Mtze und Jacke und blauem Hemd springt in Pftzen.
Der Mann bringt einem Hund bei, im Zickzack durch Stangen zu laufen.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann in rotem Hemd spielt vor Publikum.
Eine Frau mit einem Tattoo spielt Saxofon.
Menschen sitzen auf einem Platz in der Nhe eines Beckens und ruhen sich aus.
Mensch, dessen Silhouette zu sehen ist, macht ein Foto von einer groen Uhr.
Zwei Frauen kaufen ein Produkt, dass die eine Frau mit der grnen Mtze verkauft.
Ein kleiner Junge in blauem Hemd mit einem Spielzeuglaster.
Drei weie Kinder spielen mit LEGO und Spielzeuglastern auf dem Teppich.
Die Mutter sieht zu, wie ihr Baby neben dem Fenster mit der Sonnenbrille spielt.
Zwei kleine Jungen teilen bei Sonnenuntergang eine Babyschaukel.
Ein hellhutiger Mann und sein Sohn verbringen gemeinsam Zeit miteinander.
Ein Footballspieler, der den Helm halb abgenommen hat, schaut zu Boden.
Der kleiner Junge luft gleich in die Wassersprenganlage.
Zwei Hunde, einer braun und der andere schwarz, spielen in der Brandung im seichtem Wasser des Meeres.
Ein Mann ist zu sehen, der auf einer belebten Strae hustet.
Ein hellbrauner Hund springt ber ein violett-grnes Tor.
Ein Football-Spieler bereitet sich darauf vor, den Ball zu werfen.
Menschen sehen zu, wie ein Hund auf eine Holzwand auf einer Wiese klettert.
Jemand, der aussieht wie Elton John, spielt ein Instrument auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen vor Bildern, die an einer Wand hngen.
Ein Kind bereit zum Kampf mit einer Jahrmarktattraktion.
In einer groen Stadt sind viele Menschen um ein groes, reflektierendes, ovales Kunstwerk versammelt.
Der meiste freie Raum in diesem Bild ist mit Graffiti bedeckt.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper klettert einen Felsvorsprung hoch.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen ist an einem Strand.
Ein Mann geht neben einem blauen Gebude und einem roten Stopp-Schild eine Strae entlang.
Ein Hund spielt auf der Wiese Fangen.
Eine Frau macht ein Geschenk auf, whrend sie in einem festlich dekorierten Speiseraum steht: Ihr Gesicht wird von einer der Dekorationen verdeckt.
Ein kleiner Hund spielt mit einem bunten Ball im Sand.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt in die Luft, um einen weien Frisbee zu fangen.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt in die Luft, um einen Frisbee zu fangen.
Zwei Kinder in Kampfsportkleidung kmpfen auf einer blauen Matte.
Ein Mdchen klettert eine Felswand hoch.
Alte Frau mit weiem Hut sitzt auf einer Kiste und betrachtet Hemden auf einem Tisch.
Arbeiter reparieren einen Straenabschnitt.
Ein Mann mit einer grauen Mtze, Goldschmuck und Wintergarderobe schaut auf etwas in der Ferne.
Ein orangefarbenes Boot lsst die Kste hinter sich, ein Mensch in der Nhe schaut zu.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Schnurrbart schneidet mit einem groen Messer Fleisch.
Ein Mann auf einem Pferd lchelt unter einer Reihe von Bergen in die Kamera.
Ein Junge in blauem Hemd mit Schwimmbrille steht bei einem Baum.
Unterhaltungsknstler bei einem Renaissance-Fest werden von Zuschauern betrachtet.
Ein Mann schreit jemanden von einem Spielestand aus an.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille in pinkfarbenem Hemd.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Bank in einem Caf und schreibt in einem Tagebuch.
Zwei Pudel spielen mit einem roten Spielzeug.
Zwei Mnner berprfen und reparieren den Reifen eines Fahrrads mit rotem Rahmen und gelber Gabel, das mit dem Sattel zum Boden steht.
Eine Person surft auf einer Welle, whrend sich eine andere Person darauf zubewegt.
Ein junger Mann in AIDS WALK-T-Shirt steht und tippt auf einem Laptop.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann steht neben drei Frauen mit blondem Haar.
Zwei braune Hunde spielen auf schneebedecktem Feld.
Ein Kind trgt orangefarbene Schwimmflgel und spielt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein kleiner Junge und eine ltere Frau sitzen an einem braunen Tisch in einem blauen Zimmer.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sind im Restaurant Formosa, schauen auf die Speisekarte und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und braunen Shorts springt hoch, um einen Tennisball mit einem Schlger zu schlagen.
Vier Kleinkinder werden von einem Akkordeonspieler bespat.
Zwei Frauen sitzen unter einem Leuchtschild einer gehenden Person.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Geschft auf der Strae.
Zwei Menschen stehen bis zum Ellbogen im Meer und betrachten den Sonnenuntergang.
Drei Jungen spielen in einem unfertigen Gebude.
Ein kleiner Junge scheint Metall auf einem Amboss zu hmmern.
Eine Frau mit einem Strohhut prsentiert unterschiedliche Waren.
Der wei-braune Hund rennt durchs Gras.
Ein Mdchen in einer roten Jacke lacht in die Kamera.
Eine Frau in geblmten Kleid geht an ihrem Spiegelbild vorbei die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in gestreiftem Hemd schneidet Pilze.
Ein Mensch klettert auf einen Felsen, whrend andere herumstehen und zuschauen.
Die Mnner mit den Gators-Helmen haben die Arme umeinander gelegt.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper arbeitet auf einem Dach.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen bei einer olympischen Veranstaltung.
Ein Mann in gelbem Regenmantel schwenkt bei einer verregneten Veranstaltung die chinesische Flagge.
Menschen stehen im Regen auf Sand herum.
Ein asiatischer Sportler in einer hellen Jacke wird von vielen Reportern in Regenjacken befragt.
Eine Menschenmenge hat sich um eine Frau versammelt, die sich an den Kopf greift.
Drei Menschen stehen vor einem Beijing 2008-Schild.
Ein Mann mit Hut macht ein Foto mit seiner Kamera, whrend ein Passant verrgert aussieht.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht in einem Raum mit Oberlichtern.
Eine blonde Frau hlt einen Schirm ber den Fahrer eines Rennautos.
Zwei ltere Mnner arbeiten an der Reparatur einer steinernen Umfriedung in der Nhe einer Htte.
Ein Mann trgt einen Hut und ein weies Hemd.
Ein verheiratetes Paar geht eine alte Steintreppe hinauf.
Mann in T-Shirt und khakifarbenen Shorts kniet auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann schlgt bei einem Volleyballturnier einen Volleyball auf dem Sandplatz auf.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen hlt drei Finger hoch.
Eine Frau steht in einem roten Bikini auf einem Outdoor-Volleyball-Sandplatz.
Mdchen in roten Bikinis machen bei Olympia 2008 eine Tanznummer.
Menschen in Kostmen und Hten posieren mit amerikanischen Flaggen und mit der Ziffer drei in die Hhe gehaltenen Fingern.
Ein Kind in einem roten Hemd klettert auf Spielgerten.
Ein dunkelhutiges kleines Mdchen bekommt ihre Turnschuhe von einem Schuhputzerjungen in Indien poliert.
Feuerwehrautos stehen beiderseits einer belebten Strae mit Gegenverkehr.
Eine Person mit Rollerblades springt ber ein gelbes Tor.
Ein brauner Hund grbt im Sand nach einem Ball.
Das Bild zeigt einen roten Wagen und einen kleinen Jungen, der vor einem Ziegelbau Fahrrad fhrt.
Frau hlt ihren Sohn auf der belebten Strae.
Eine Dame und zwei kleine Kinder sitzen auf einer Parkbank mit Tauben zu ihren Fen.
Erwachsene und Kinder scherzen an der Kstenlinie eines Strandes.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen trgt etwas, das in eine amerikanische Flagge gewickelt ist.
Ein Hund liegt auf einer Matratze auf der Veranda.
Ein Paar, ein Mann und eine Frau, sitzen auf einem Felsen und blicken aufs Meer.
Kind mit Schwimmbrille und Gesicht halb unter Wasser.
Ein Mann in weiem Anzug geht mit einer Zeitung in der Hand die Strae entlang.
Ein Landwirt dngt seinen Garten mithilfe von Pferd und Wagen mit Dung.
Der schwarz-braune Hund springt in die Luft, um den Ball zu fangen.
Kinder spielen mit einem Fuball in der Nhe eines Tornetzes.
Das Mdchen schwimmt und hat nur den Kopf ber Wasser.
Zwei Mnner auf Pferden jagen ein Tier bei einem Rodeo.
Fnf Frauen in Kleidern stehen in einer Eingangshalle und reden.
Ein Mann in Managerkleidung betrachtet etwas.
Sechs Mnner in blauen Overalls und ein Mann in orangefarbenem Overall gehen an einer Werft vorbei.
Kids springen auf einem Trampolin mit blauem Rand.
Ein Mann fhrt Kajak durch weies Wasser.
Eine Frau mit einer Kamera blickt ber sanft geschwungene Hgel.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt im Gras und balanciert einen Stein auf dem Arm.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke und Jeans balanciert auf einer Kegelbahn.
Ein Mann mit einem Eimer roter Farbe kennzeichnet Fischabteilungen mit Nummern.
Ein Mann mit Stift und Papier berprft Lagerbestnde.
Zwei Mnner betrachten Fleisch, das auf einem Tisch ausliegt, und machen sich Notizen.
Frau mit zwei Kindern spielt in Fontne im Freien.
Ein Mann mit Mtze und Shorts sitzt auf einer Metallbank und liest Zeitung.
Mann in schwarzem Hemd und roter Krawatte hlt ein Getrnk.
Ein junger Mann in blauem Hemd hlt eine Vorrichtung an den Mund und macht eine Feiergeste.
Ein wei-schwarzer Hund springt ins Wasser.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke mit beigefarbener Mtze trinkt aus einem Styroporbecher
Ein Typ in schwarzem Hemd springt auf einer Fugngerbrcke in die Luft.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd springt in einem Park von einem Hgel.
Hunde springen ber rot-weie Stange, whrend ein Junge zuschaut.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille steht vor Band-Ausrstung und hlt eine Gitarre.
Ein Mensch liegt auf dem Gras, in der Nhe ist ein Einkaufswagen.
Eine Frau steht mit gekreuzten Armen vor einem Geschft.
Ein Mann und Frauen schauen Zeitschriften in einem Fenster an.
Ein Junge auf einer Kettenschaukel schaut nach rechts und lchelt.
Ein Kleinkind sitzt und hlt Getreide in der Hand.
Der Mann auf dem Fahrrad ist gerade durch Schlamm gefahren.
Vier schwarze Hunde rennen auf Gras.
Ein braun-weier Hund luft ins Wasser und blickt sich um.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Motorrad, sein Hund sitzt im Beiwagen.
Spieler eines Footballteams raufen beim Versuch, den Ball zu bekommen.
Kleiner Junge trgt blaue Snoopy-Mtze.
Neun Mnner spielen ein Spiel im Park, Hemden gegen freie Oberkrper.
Frau in Salon mit schwarzem Haar unter einer Trockenhaube.
Ein nur mit grnen Shorts bekleideter kleiner Junge posiert unbeholfen vor einem Ziegel-Hintergrund.
Der Fuballspieler in Rot versucht, den Spieler in Wei zu blocken.
Ein junger Mann in hellbraunen Shorts und grnem Hemd fllt von seinem Fahrrad.
Menschen schlendern und unterhalten sich auf einem Gehweg vor einem Krankenhaus.
Eine Frau mit Tasche spricht mit einem Mann auf einem Fahrrad neben einer Strae.
Ein Mann sitzt und reibt sich das Kinn.
Zwei junge Leute mit Ruckscken stehen neben einem Wanderweg.
Ein kleines Mdchen ist hoch auf einer Schaukel, hinter ihr ein Sonnenuntergang.
Zwei Mnner sind auf einem blau-weien Schnellboot.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Hten neben einer Treppe.
Zwei Mnner mit Hten stehen auf dem baumbestandenen Gehsteig neben einem Gebude.
Ein Hund kaut auf einem dicken Stock.
Ein kleiner braun-weier Hund fngt bei einem Wettbewerb eine Frisbee.
Ein Mann und sein Vieh ziehen auf der Strae einen Wagen.
Eine Frau mit Schal hlt ihr Kind, das in eine bunte Decke gewickelt ist.
Eine Mutter und ihr Kind posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem grnen Motorrad auf einer nassen Rennstrecke.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby und lchelt.
Ein Mann in rotem Mantel, weier Hose und schwarzen Stiefeln sitzt in einem Freizeitpark auf einem Pferd.
Ein weier Rennhund mit der Nummer acht rennt auf der Rennstrecke.
Zwei Mnner mit Tchern vor dem Gesicht rennen eine Strae entlang und etwas brennt.
Mutter und Kind gehen in einem Park.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad springt ber zerklftete Felsen zwischen hohen Pinien.
Zwei Musiker ben fr einen Auftritt
Ein bergewichtiger Mann spielt E-Gitarre und trgt einen weien Hut.
Frau taucht in das tiefe Ende eines Schwimmbeckens.
Ein Mdchen macht ein Bild von Freund/in, der/die an Picknicktisch lehnt.
Ein Mann mit Hut arbeitet auf einem Dach.
Ein Mann mit marineblauer Schrze bereitet Fisch zu.
Zwei Mnner sehen einem dritten Mann zu, der Fleisch grillt.
Nachtansicht einer stdtischen Strae mit Menschen und Verkehr.
Der schwarze Hund auf dem Feld hat irgendetwas im Maul.
Der Mann in blauem Hemd hat Dreadlocks und eine Sonnenbrille.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd bearbeitet eine weie Skulptur.
Die Erwachsenen lcheln, whrend ein Kind mit Steinen auf dem Boden spielt.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenen Shorts bewegt sich sehr schnell.
Ein weier Hund mit einem roten Halsband springt hoch nach einem roten Frisbee.
Arbeiter sgt einen groen Fisch mit einer Bandsge.
Ein Mann mit kurzem schwarzem Haar in gelbem Hemd schaut ein groes Stck geschnittenen Fisch an.
Junge Frau meditiert im Wald in Arbeitskleidung und mit einem Fahrradhelm auf dem Kopf.
Ein Kranich fliegt direkt ber einer Wasserflche.
Der Mann mit dem Strohhut raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein kleiner Junge in blauer Jacke schwingt einen Schlger nach einem Ball.
Ein Mann schaut Erzeugnisse an.
Ein Junge in grn-blauem Hemd sitzt in einem Bagger.
Groer brauner Hund springt ber einen kleineren schwarzen Hund.
Gelber Laster mit Casterol-Werbung fhrt einen weien Laster und einen blauen Laster die Strae entlang.
Eine Menschenmenge sieht beim Start eines Dragsterrennens bei Dmmerung zu.
Eine Person mit einer Clownsmaske kratzt sich am Kinn.
Mehrere Menschen kochen an einem Grill in einer Kche.
Ein lterer asiatischer Mann schaut in einer groen Versammlung von Menschen in eine Kamera.
Menschen jubeln, whrend ein Radfahrer mit seinem Fahrrad von einer Rampe fhrt.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Mountainbike auf einem Waldweg.
Ein Polizist steht an der Ecke neben einem roten Hydranten Streife.
Ein Mensch mit einem Helm auf dem Kopf beginnt, mit dem Skateboard einen Hgel auf einer Strae hinunterzufahren.
Ein Mensch luft mit einer Gruppe von Vgeln in einer Stadt.
Zwei Kinder spielen in einem Haufen abgerolltem Toilettenpapier.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen Kleid und orangefarbener Jacke.
Ein Arbeiter kehrt die Strae, whrend vor ihm eine Maschine fhrt.
Ein Mann springt in ein abgeschirmtes Schwimmbecken im Freien.
Ein Torhter hechtet, damit der Ball nicht ins Tor geht.
Ein schwarzer Hund im Wasser.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut, in weiem Hemd und mit schwarzer Schrze grillt Fleisch.
Ein Mdchen singt und tanzt und hat einen pinkfarbenen Hut auf.
Drei Kinder tragen alle Caprihosen und langrmlige Kapuzenjacken und warten ngstlich auf einen Zug.
Eine groe Gruppe von Radfahrern fhrt auf der Strae Rennen.
Mnner und Frauen in Badekleidung sitzen vor einer Blockhaus-Schwitzhtte, im Hintergrund sind Bume.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank im Bus und hrt Musik.
Ein brauner Hund beschnffelt vor zwei Frauen einen weien Hund.
Menschen spielen an einem sonnigen Tag im Brunnen.
Ein Radfahrer macht vor einem Publikum einen Salto mit dem Fahrrad.
Ein Mann springt von einem Gebude zu einem nahe gelegenen anderen Gebude.
Ein Bildhauer meielt Marmor, um eine Statue zu erstellen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau steigen in einen Bus und zahlen Fahrgeld.
Eine Dame zieht ihren Koffer hinter sich die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in dunklem Hemd mit Brille hlt ein Mikrofon.
Vier Menschen beim Rollerskaten mit Zuschauern im Hintergrund.
Der orangefarbene Fahrer fhrt ein Motorrad auf nur einem Rad.
Eine brnette Frau mit dunkler Brille und einer roten Bluse isst.
Zwei Huser und Feuer.
Zwei Mdchen in rotem Fuballdress rennen hinter einem Fuball her.
Zwei Mnner fahren mit hoher Geschwindigkeit Skateboard.
Ein schwarzer Mensch in Schwarz-Rot schlft auf einer Bank mit einem offenen schwarzen Schirm.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Kostm spricht in einem Archiv zu anderen Menschen.
Ein Mann hlt eine Gitarre, hinter ihm scheint eine Lampe.
Groer weier Hund luft ber Gras.
Ein brauner Hund rennt mit einem Ball im Maul durch Wasser.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund hpft durchs Wasser.
Ein Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Kleid steht auf dem Kopf.
Ein Mann vollfhrt ein Kunststck mit einem Skateboard.
Ein Mann geht in eine ffentliche Verkehrsstation und zwei Beamte in Neonjacken stehen Wache.
Ein kleines Mdchen fhrt auf einem gelben Plastik-Spielzeugauto.
Ein junger Mann springt auf der Strae vor einem Haus von seinem Skateboard.
Eine ltere Frau arbeitet an einem Imbissstand.
Ein kleiner Junge hngt mit dem Kopf nach unten in einer Reifenschaukel, darunter ist Kies.
Mdchen fhrt auf einer Strae in der Nhe von vielen Geschften Fahrrad.
Eine junge Dame in gestreiftem Hemd wartet auf die schreibende junge Dame mit blondem Haar.
Frauen spielen Volleyball im Sand nahe beim Meer.
Frau in grnem Hemd und mit blauer Tasche steht an einem Fugngerbergang.
Ein Mann mit Hut prft den ttowierten Arm eines anderen Mannes.
Zwei Dobermnner kmpfen oder spielen zusammen auf dem Rasen.
Zwei Mnner hngen auf einer Baustelle herum.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten mit Holz auf unbefestigtem Boden.
Orangefarbener Hund luft im seichten Wasser.
Eine Frau hilft einem kleinen Mdchen, ein Buch auszusuchen und zu lesen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in schwarzen Stiefeln hlt sich am Zaun fest und hat einen Lolli.
Ein Hund, der eine Baumrinde im Maul hat, schwimmt im Meer.
Ein Junge schaufelt Dung ins Feuer, whrend ein Mann zur Kamera schaut.
Eine junge Frau in pinkfarbenem Hemd steht auf Stufen und lchelt ber die schnen pinkfarbenen Blumen.
Kirchenbesucher schauen predigenden Pastor an.
Football-Spieler, der den Ball hlt, wird von einem anderen Football-Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft gejagt.
Cheerleader bereiten sich fr den Auftritt vor und zeigen Symmetrie.
Cheerleader in Blau treten auf einem Footballfeld unter einer gelben Football-Torstange auf.
Blau gekleidete Cheerleader betreten das Footballfeld.
Ein Mann und ein Mdchen schauen etwas Interessantes an.
Menschen aus dem Ort versuchen, Waren am Straenrand zu verkaufen.
Ein Mann in brauner Kleidung steht im Sand.
Vier Jungen spielen auf einem Holz-Spielplatz.
Der Mann im roten Overall steht auf dem Gehsteig.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen in blauen Outfits.
Eine Reihe von Cheerleadern in blauen Kostmen wartet auf den Auftritt.
Eine Frau und ein Kind spielen in einem schneebedeckten Hof.
Ein Hockeyspieler in Schwarz-Wei stt mit einem blau gekleideten anderen Spieler zusammen.
Junge in orangefarbenem Trikot hat den Football und wird getackelt.
Mensch in Blau klettert eine sehr hohe Klippe hoch und ist dabei mit rot-blauen Seilen befestigt.
Ein Mann springt von einem Felsen ins Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt gleich mit ihren geblmten Regenstiefeln in eine Schlammpftze.
Ein Junge in Shorts steht in seichtem Wasser und kickt.
In einer Innenstadt lehnt eine Person an einem Gebude und telefoniert mit ihrem Mobiltelefon.
Mnner spielen in roter Spielkleidung ein Spiel.
Ein weier Hund an einer Leine trgt eine gelbe Jacke.
Ein Mann auf einer Hebevorrichtung und ein anderer Mann auf dem Dach des Gebudes schauen.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund zieht an einer roten Leine.
Vier Broangestellte arbeiten an einem Projekt.
Ein groer brauner Hund und ein kleiner grauer Hund auf einer felsigen Oberflche mit Gras hinter ihnen.
Ein Junge springt auf einem Trampolin.
Das schwarz-weie Hund htet die Schafe.
Ein Mann zeigt drei an einem Tisch sitzenden Kindern Schatten.
Kleines Mdchen in pinkfarbenem Hello Kitty-Hemd springt.
Motorradfahrer geht mit seinem Motorrad in die Kurve.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid wscht in einem blauen Eimer ein Tuch aus.
Zwei kleine braune Affen auf einer Mauer kmpfen gegeneinander.
Eine Person lehnt an der Rckseite eines Busses und zwei andere Menschen liegen auf der Strae.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Pink sitzt auf dem Boden.
Ein Kind in einem roten Oberteil steht hinter einem blonden Kind, das in einer Schubkarre sitzt.
Alter Mann subert den Gehsteig vor einem Geschft.
Eine ltere Frau mit grauem Haar und Brille macht im Bett ein Nickerchen.
Eine orientalische Frau arbeitet an einem Industrie-Flieband.
Ein Motocrossfahrer auf einem Erdhgel.
Zwei Kinder spielen am Strand und das Mdchen springt.
Die beiden grn gekleideten Menschen sitzen umgeben von leeren Sthlen.
Ein Football-Fan schminkt sich das Gesicht, um seine Hingabe zu zeigen.
Ein lterer Mann in blau-weiem Hemd spielt Saxofon.
Mann mit Helm vollfhrt ein Kunststck auf Rollerblades.
Drei Mnner, zwei mit Hemden und einer ohne, arbeiten auf dem Dach eines Hauses.
Zwei Radfahrer stehen bei drei geparkten Fahrrdern am Auto.
Ein Mann in Cowboy-Kleidung reitet bei einem Rodeo auf einem Pferd und wird dabei von einer Menschenmenge hinter einem Zaun umgeben.
Ein Mann reitet auf einem schwarz-weien Bullen, whrend Menschen mit Cowboyhut auf dem Kopf zuschauen.
Zwei Paare umarmen sich leidenschaftlich an einem Strand, whrend ein lteres Paar von oben zuschaut.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen versammelt sich vor einem roten Haus.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Stars-and-Stripes-Badeanzug macht einen Backflip am Strand.
Ein niedlicher Welpe fngt im Hof einen gelben Kauring.
Menschen versammeln sich zum Trinken und Reden vor einer Gebudetr.
Eine Gruppe von Teenagern spielt bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien Musik.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen bei einem Rodeo sieht zu, wie ein Cowboy von einem weien Pferd abgeworfen wird.
Ein Mann reitet auf einem Pferd, whrend Menschen zuschauen.
Kinder, darunter eines mit einem geschminkten Gesicht, streicheln kleine Schildkrten, die im grnen Gras krabbeln.
Ein Kind mit Sonnenbrille und Hemd voller Erde.
Ein Hund jagt einen Ball, der ins Wasser gefallen ist.
Vier Kinder spielen in Wasserfontnen.
Eine Frau mit farblich abgestimmtem hellblauen T-Shirt und Kopftuch sitzt auf einem Stuhl aus Stein.
Ein Paar tut vor einer Tr mit ausgeschnittenen Fischen so, als ob sie schwimmen wrden.
Zwei Damen in Tutus tanzen auf der Strae.
Ein paar Frauen treten vor einer Menschenmenge auf der Strae auf.
Zwei Kletterer sitzen an Seilen befestigt oben auf einem Berg.
Fnf Menschen sitzen bei einem Rodeo auf Pferden.
Ein wei-schwarzer Hund rennt im Gras.
Eine Frau lchelt in einem roten Zelt, das von Schnee umgeben ist.
Ein Mann mit weier Mtze und weiem Sweatshirt arbeitet auf einem Dach.
Halbprofessioneller Kampfsportler bt seine wirkungsvollsten Bewegungen.
Ein Kleinkind in gestreifter Hose greift in einer Kche mit rotem Fuboden nach einem weien Ofen.
Ein Radfahrer vollfhrt in der Nhe von Bumen einen Sprung.
Ein junger Mann in Trikot und Shorts schaut einigen Ultimate-Frisbee-Spieler im Einsatz zu.
Ein Mann, der mit seinem Mobiltelefon telefoniert und einen Cowboyhut und ein blau-weies Hemd trgt, steht auf einem Randstein.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl, vor ihm gehen viele Leute vorbei.
Zwei kleine Kinder sammeln Wasser aus einem groen Behlter.
Ein Junge vollfhrt mit einem Skateboard Kunststcke auf einer Ziegelmauer.
Ein Mann spricht, whrend eine Dame trainiert.
Eine Gruppe junger Damen geht eine Strae in einem Touristenviertel entlang.
Eine Frau spielt ein Instrument, whrend viele Leute zuschauen.
Ein Motorradfahrer dreht das Motorrad beim Rennen auf die Seite.
Ein lterer Mann mit Brille in einer schwarzen Jacke und mit schwarzem Hut.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt vor einem weien Haus in die Luft.
Groer schwarzer Hund und Ktzchen schauen neugierig den Holzkorb an.
Eine junge Cheerleaderin in blauem Dress jubelt vor einer Gruppe von Bandmitgliedern.
Eine Musikgruppe steht auf der Strae.
Ein brauner Hund knabbert am Gesicht des weien Hundes.
Drei Menschen auf einer Klippe schauen hinaus auf das Wasser unter ihnen.
Ein Mann steht in Cargohose, orangefarbenem Helm und gelber Sicherheitsweste da.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper spielt Tennis.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Randstein in einem stdtischen Park.
Ein Mann versucht den Weltrekord im Verkehrt-herum-Hngen zu brechen.
Eine Dame in einem braunen Kleid inmitten eines Zimmers voller Leute hlt ein Glas und eine Zigarette.
Eine Gruppe von Bauarbeitern geht an einem im Bau befindlichen Gebude vorbei.
Zwei Bauarbeiter, von denen einer ein gelbes Metallstck hlt und der andere Werkzeug.
Ein alter Mann und sein Hund stehen drauen mit einem Wagen.
Zwei Frauen stehen in ihren Bikinis im Sand.
Ein Kind sitzt mit einem Stethoskop um den Hals in einem Kinderwagen.
Blondes Mdchen in pink-weiem Kleid schaukelt.
Ein Hund planscht mit einem kleinen Fuball in einem kleinen Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mann mit viel Schmuck und Punkrock-Kleidung posiert vor einer Ziegelmauer.
Zwei Mnner strecken die Arme und Beine zur Seite.
Ein kleines asiatisches Kind isst eine se rote Beerenpaste.
Ein Hund schwimmt in einem Becken, whrend ein anderer zuschaut.
Die ganz in Wei gekleidete Krankenschwester geht eine Strae entlang.
Der Fu einer Person liegt auf einem flauschigen schwarzen Hund.
ltere Frau in gestreiftem Kleid und weier Jacke geht mit Einkaufstten die Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen startet vor einem Jachthafen eine Luftrakete.
Ein schwarz-grauer Hund schwarz im Freien mit einem blauen Ball.
Ein Mdchen in einem gelben Hemd der EL Dorado Elementary School zeigt mit den Fingern die Gre von etwas an.
Ein Mann mit einem Schirm sitzt auf einer Bank im ffentlichen Raum.
Viele Kinder fhren unterschiedliche Ttigkeiten im Klassenzimmer aus.
Ein Junge in Blau fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad in einem Skate-Park.
Ein kleines Mdchen jagt einen pinkfarbenen Ball ber die Kiesauffahrt.
Ein Fuballspieler macht einen Tritt.
Eine Gruppe von Rucksackreisenden macht eine Pause unter einem Baum in der Nhe.
Ein dreifarbiger Hund rennt im grnen Gras.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Sanddne und greift nach dem Himmel.
Zwei Kinder lcheln und umarmen einander.
Mensch auf einem Skateboard in der Luft.
Frau mit Brille arbeitet an einer Nhmaschine.
Kleiner Junge saugt mit einem Staubsauger auf einem Teppich.
Zwei rote Hunde rennen neben einem Zaun im grnen Gras.
Ein Fuballspieler hpft seitlich in die Luft, um den Ball zu schieen.
Ein hellbrauner Hund springt durchs Wasser auf die Kste zu.
Kleiner Junge, umgeben von einem Haufen von Blttern.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf einer Couch mit rot-weien Kissen und Stcken neben beiden.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge steht auf einer Treppe und lchelt.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein kleiner Junge in roter Kleidung essen Zerealien aus violetten Schsseln.
Zwei Mnner knien auf einem Gehsteig.
Mnner arbeiten neben einem Zementmischer.
Ein Mann arbeitet auf einem groen Fahrzeug.
Ein alter Mann mit Glatzenansatz schreibt auf ein Stck Papier auf einem Tisch.
Ein Mann springt von einem Felsen aus ins Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt sich an einer Seilrutsche fest und fhrt darauf einen Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann klettert hoch in der Luft auf einer Klippe.
Ein brnettes mnnliches Kleinkind sitzt in einer Sple und hlt eine Zahnbrste.
Ein bezauberndes kleines Kind schaut hoch ins Licht.
Zwei mnnliche Radfahrer untersuchen abends die Kette eines Fahrrads.
Musiker ben und unter Anleitung eines Dirigenten.
Ein Bauarbeiter bedient einen Zementmischer und spricht dabei ber ein Mobiltelefon.
Arbeiter bedienen einen Schlauch neben einem Haus.
Eine Gruppe von Arbeitern bei Bauarbeiten.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit elektronischen Gerten.
Ein Mann arbeitet nach vorn gebeugt an einem roten Fahrzeug.
lterer Mann malt ein Bild mit alten Ruinen im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau in Kostm und Handschuhen dirigiert ein kleines Orchester in einem hellen Raum.
Zwei Erwachsene und ein Kind warten darauf die Strae zu berqueren.
Ein Hund versucht, einen groen Reifen mit dem Maul aufzuheben.
Zwei Hunde spielen auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann in gestreiftem Hemd verkauft grne und gelbe Melonen aus dem Fond eines Pickup.
Eine Gruppe junger Erwachsene auf Fahrrdern.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid und hochhackigen Schuhen steigt auf ein Fahrrad.
Eine blau gekleidete Person macht einen Backflip.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen, alle in orangefarbenen Bikini-Oberteilen und orangefarbenen Sarong-Rcken.
Vier Mnner stehen hinter einer Kasse und einem Trinkeldglas.
Ein alter Mann mit langem grauem Bart sitzt mit zwei anderen Mnnern auf einer Eingangsterrasse.
Eine Frau spielt auf der Bhne Bassgitarre mit ihrer Band.
Dieser Mann ist ein Gewerkschaftsmitarbeiter, der 95.000im Jahr damit verdient, fr die Regierung Fubden zu wischen.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem blassrosa Motorrad auf einem Hgel.
Ein Mann klettert bei einer gut besuchten Sportveranstaltung auf einem Metalltrger in der Tribne eines groen Stadions.
Zwei Menschen, von denen einer telefoniert, vor einem Zug.
Ein Mann spricht neben einem Auto, das in einer dunklen Gasse parkt, ber ein Mobiltelefon.
Zwei Mnner mit Paddeln im Wasser.
Ein alter Mann sitzt vor einem offenen Eingang auf einem niedrigen Stuhl.
Ein paar Schwarze sprechen mit einem Mdchen.
Ein Junge in Shorts steht neben einem Wasserstrahl.
Zwei Menschen kmpfen bei einem Karateturnier und die Preisrichter  schauen zu.
Ein junger Mann blockt bei einem Sparringturnier einen Futritt, whrend Preisrichter danebenstehen.
Ein Mann wird whrend irgendeines Kampfsportturniers getroffen.
Ein Mensch mit einem Strohhut auf dem Kopf steht im Freien und arbeitet mit einer Vorrichtung aus Stahl und auf dem Boden liegt ein Haufen Kokosnsse.
Ein asiatischer Mann in einem Polohemd repariert einen Tennisschuh.
Ein junger Mann springt mit einem Surfbrett ber die Wellen.
Ein schwarzer Hund fngt in einem Park eine Frisbee.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt die Kste entlang, whrend ein hellbrauner Hund hochspringt, um einen Stock zu fangen.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer landet auf einer Rampe.
Ein Skateboardfahrer fliegt durch die Luft, whrend andere zuschauen.
Ein Footballspieler trgt den Ball whrend eines Spiels.
Das Bild zeigt eine Gruppe von Soldaten in Krperpanzerung mit roten Schilden.
Gruppe in traditioneller Kleidung spielt auf Instrumenten.
Ein Mann in gestreiftem Hemd macht ein Foto, whrend ein Mann hinter ihm Fahrrad fhrt.
Drei Mnner arbeiten zusammen, um eine auergewhnlich gestaltete Decke zu subern.
Eine Frau joggt neben einer hohen Betonwand.
Zwei Football-Spieler sind vor einer Menschenmenge in Kick-off-Position.
Ein mit einer pinkfarbenen Mtze, blauen Jeans und weiem Hemd bekleidetes kleines Kind steht auf einer Wiese.
Drei Mnner schlagen auf Metalltonnen.
Zwei ltere Frauen neben einer Mauer sind von einem Auto aus zu sehen.
Ein Mann stellt mit einem Audio-Mischgert Musik ein.
Der Hund rechts bleckt gegenber zwei anderen Hunden die Zhne.
Schwarz gekleidete Gruppe von Menschen berquert eine Strae in der Stadt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen und im Hintergrund sitzen zwei Frauen.
Ein Mann knabbert an einer Kornhre.
Ein Typ auf Rollerblades rutscht ber ein Gelnder.
Eine Gruppe von Motocross-Rennfahrern steht vor dem Start in einer Reihe.
Eine Fuballmannschaft in Marineblau rennt aufs Feld und beginnt ein Spiel.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer schwarzen Weste springt.
Fans schauen zu, wie Spieler zwischen den Sessions bei einem Football-Spiel ausruhen.
Ein kleines Mdchen luft und lacht im Freien.
Ein Stadion voller Menschen, die eine Sportveranstaltung mit mnnlichen Spielern anschauen.
Die perfekte Sicht von der Rckseite eines Fuball-Torpfostens aus.
Ein Fuballspieler in gelbem Hemd wirft den Ball zurck.
Die Fuballspieler laufen auf dem Feld.
Eine Frau sitzt in der Mitte eines Felds rckwrts auf einem Stuhl.
Ein Hund springt, um eine fliegende Scheibe zu fangen.
Ein kleiner Junge schaut etwas an, das ein Grashpfer zu sein scheint und das er am Bein in seiner rechten Hand hlt.
Zwei College-Footballspieler vor einer Konfrontation.
Damen und ein Mann verteilen in einer Bar etwas aus einem Korb.
Eine Krankenschwester kmmert sich um einen Patienten.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen mit verschrnkten Armen an einem Fenster.
Ein Mann sitzt lchelnd auf einer Couch.
Eine Kellnerin tritt mit ausgebreiteten Armen und einem Zylinder in der linken Hand in einem Restaurant auf.
Ein alter Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und liest ein Buch.
Zwei Mnner in einem Krankenhaus, einer ist zu Besuch und der andere Patient.
Ein Mann in blauen Shorts geht Stufen hinauf.
Drei Menschen sind zusammen in einem Raum, ein Mann trgt eine Armschlinge.
Ein Paar aus Nahost geht die Strae entlang.
Der Skateboardfahrer im weien T-Shirt fhrt auf einer Holzrampe.
Ein fremdes Land mit Kindern auf einem Moped.
Eine Frau mit schwarzer Kappe liegt in einem pinkfarbenen Bikini am Strand.
Die jungen Mnner amsieren sich am Strand.
Eine Gruppe von Touristen geht einen gepflasterten Weg entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen auf einem roten Klettergerst.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Hose fhrt auf Rollerblades an einem Betonsims entlang.
Ein  kleiner Junge spielt bei einer Wasserfontne.
Eine blonde Frau in einem roten Oberteil sitzt auf einer Mauer neben einem kssenden Paar in Jeans.
Motorrad-Rennfahrer fahren um eine scharfe Kurve.
Ein junger Mann und eine junge Frau in Shorts und T-Shirt spielen ein Videospiel.
Vier Frauen tanzen bei einer Feier.
Drei Bauarbeiter sitzen lesend um einen eingezunten Bereich neben einer Sandburg herum.
Zwei Menschen und ein Hund spielt mit einem Ball im Wasser.
Ein Mann auf einer weien Wasserski-Rampe auf einem See.
Junge Frau in rotem Hemd spielt mit einem Diabolo.
Ein Mann steht vor einem blau-weien Schirm und sieht verwirrt aus.
Ein Hund rennt ber den Boden.
Eine Menge Menschen hren einem Mann mit einem Mikrofon zu.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sieht einer Band beim Auftritt zu.
Der Mann in der grnen Jacke trgt vor einer Menschenmenge ein Lied vor.
Ein Himmel mit Sonnenuntergang ber gekruseltem Wasser.
Zwei Bauarbeiter mit weien Helmen sitzen auf Sthlen und lesen Zeitung.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Wagen, an dem ein Esel festgebunden ist.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern macht nach einer langen Wanderung eine Pause.
Ein Mann arbeitet unter einem blauen lteren Modellauto.
Ein kleines Mdchen wirft ein pink-gelbes Stck Kreide.
Zwei Freunde tragen groe Sombreros und lcheln.
Ein Mann auf einer Leiter repariert Bronzeschindeln auf dem Dach eines Gebude.
Fugnger gehen auf einer belebten Strae um Autos herum.
Surfer ist von hinten zu sehen, wie er ein Kunststck auf einer Welle vollfhrt.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer hpft durch die Luft.
Eine Frau bearbeitet ein Stck heies Metall auf einem Amboss.
Zwei Hunde pinkeln an den Hydranten.
Eine Menge Leute gehen auf der Strae einer groen Stadt.
Skateboardfahrer grindet ber ein Betongelnder.
Drei Mnner in Freizeitkleidung sitzen auf einer Steinmauer, ein weiterer Mann steht in der Nhe.
Zwei Windhunde mit Maulkorb rennen ber einen Weg.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd lehnt mit einer Frau in gelbem Hemd an einem Gelnder.
Eine Fuballmannschaft in grner Spielkleidung und ihr Trainer drngen sich zusammen.
Ein lterer Junge trinkt aus einem Wasserbrunnen, whrend ein kleinerer Junge zuschaut.
Drei Asiaten malen Figuren auf Papier.
Braun, schwarz und wei gefleckte Hunde in Prrie.
Ein kleines Mdchen luft allein und schleppt seine Tasche.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen hlt Tennisschlger und posiert gemeinsam in der Nhe eines Tennisnetzes.
Menschen mit fr eine Feier geschminkten Gesichtern.
Ein amerikanischer Ureinwohnerin in rot-blauem Kleid sitzt da und pflckt grnes Gras.
Zwei Mnner mittleren Alters stehen vor einem Geschft, das Sthle verkauft.
Zwei Menschen mit weien Helmen fahren auf einem rot-schwarzen Yamaha-Fahrzeug.
Drei Mnner schauen aufs Wasser hinaus und am Himmel sind Wolken.
Zwei lchelnde kleine Kinder, ein Kind hlt das andere auf einer Schaukel.
Eine Person macht mit dem Fahrrad einen Sprung ber einen Hgel.
Ein Mann sitzt im Cockpit eines Segelfliegers auf der Landebahn.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper beginnt, von einer Trommel in eine Menschenmenge zu springen.
Ein alter Mann in blauem Hemd arbeitet an einer Werkbank.
Eine Mama macht ein Foto mit ihren beiden kleinen Tchtern.
Die Frau hat ihren Kopf auf die Hand gesttzt und sitzt in einem berfllten Gebiet.
Eine Frau und ein Junge sitzen und essen an einem Tisch.
Ein Knstler in roter Jacke und Bluejeans trgt Kopfhrer und malt auf der Strae.
Vier Kajakfahrer in einem Gebirgsbach.
Der BMX-Fahrer mit dem schwarzen Helm auf dem Kopf springt in die Luft.
Eine Frau ist ein bisschen verngstigt, wei ein Vogel auf ihrer Schulter gelandet ist, als sie im Lager war.
Ein Junge fhrt in einem Skatepark Skateboard.
Ein brtiger Mann in blauer Jacke geht die Strae entlang.
Ein alter Mann schlft in einem Rollstuhl vor einem Gebude.
Ein paar Menschen beantragen etwas.
Zwei in Kartoffelscken gekleidete junge Mnner ziehen einen geschmckten Wagen eine Strae entlang und am Straenrand stehen Zuschauer.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar lacht bei der Hochzeitsfeier.
Eine Braut und ein Brutigam tanzen miteinander und haben einander den Rcken zugewandt.
Zwei Hunde spielen drinnen ruppig miteinander.
Ein Mann liegt auf einer Parkbank, neben ihm eine Flasche Alkohol.
Ein kleines Mdchen in gelbem Kleid stolziert den Gehsteig entlang.
Ein gelb gekleidetes Mdchen springt ber ein rot-grnes Seil.
Mnner mit Helmen gehen abends eine belebte Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung steht auf etwas, das eine schwarze Lokomotive zu sein scheint.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lcheln.
Eine Braut und ein Brutigam sitzen neben einem Baum und lcheln einander an.
Ein Hund schaut das Ende einer Eiswaffel an.
Junger Mann auf einem Trick-Fahrrad springt von einer gemauerten Pyramide.
Eine Frau sitzt vor einer Wand in einem modischen Gebude.
Frau auf einer Wiese mit hohem Gras und Wildblumen hlt einen gelben Schal hoch.
Mann paddelt in gelbem Kanu auf einem Fluss.
Junger Mann sitzt auf einer Decke im Gras und isst Spareribs.
Ein Mann sgt einen Baum und zwei Mnner heben Schutt auf.
Chirurgen sehen einem Arzt in grnem OP-Kittel bei einer Operation zu.
Mann arbeitet mit Metall und einem brennenden Feuer neben sich.
Dieses kleine Mdchen liegt in einem Bltterhaufen.
Eine vierkpfige Musikergruppe mit Saiteninstrumenten beim Auftritt.
Der Mann im blauen Hemd hlt ein Messer und ist bereit, den Blechkuchen zu schneiden.
Viele Leute sitzen auf grauen Sthlen.
Junge skatet ber ein Gelnder auf einem Parkplatz.
Ein paar Kinder sitzen auf Flen auf einem See.
Ein Mann auf einem Dach arbeitet am Strohdach.
Ein Radfahrer macht ein Kunststck auf einer Rampe.
Eine Frau im Still-BH schlft mit schlafendem Baby im Bett.
Junge fhrt auf Skateboard, aus der Froschperspektive fotografiert.
Ein Mdchen mit braunem Haar bekommt ihre Haare von einer Dame in pinkfarbenem Hemd gestylt.
Ein Mann duscht.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad fhrt auf einem Weg und winkt.
Ein Mann legt Heubndel auf einen Wagen.
Ein brauner Hund knurrt den anderen Hund an und beide sind im Schnee.
Ein Vater und ein Sohn essen nach einem Shopping-Vormittag zu Mittag.
Ein kleiner Junge im Bademantel sitzt auf einer Bank neben der Dusche in einem Badezimmer.
Ein Stck Kuchen wird auf einem Pappteller serviert.
Ein Mdchen und ein Typ machen in der Mitte eines Feldes bungen.
Eine asiatische Frau hlt einen Fcher und sieht den Verkehr vorbeiflieen.
Ein Mann in Laufkleidung schiebt einen Kinderwagen den Stand entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sortiert wei-rote Tten.
Ein Mann in T-Shirt und Baseballkappe verwendet eine Schaufel.
Jungen spielen in der Nhe eines Torpfostens Fuball.
Ein Hund springt neben einem Mann am Strand in die Luft.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Gebude in der Sonne, denn man sieht den Schatten der Person, die das Foto macht.
Ein Mann mit Gitarre in einer Band singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt auf Turngerten.
Eine Frau serviert an einem Tisch Eiscrem mit Zucker und Toppings darauf in durchsichtige Schsseln.
Ein Rennauto-Auspufftopf fngt Feuer.
Frau mit Nonnenschleier isst in einem belebten Viertel ein Butterbrot.
Ein Mann in roter Spielkleidung springt auf einem Sportplatz.
Ein Mann hngt an etwas, whrend er durchs Wasser gezogen wird.
Ein Mann macht ein Sprung-Kunststck auf einem Fahrrad.
Zwei Mnner schauen zu, wie ein dritter Waschmittel in eine Waschmaschine gibt.
Menschen spielen, ein Basketball ist in der Luft.
Zwei junge Mnner machen Kampfsport vor einem Basketballkorb.
Braut und Brutigam im Profil beim Anschneiden der Hochzeitstorte.
Eine indische Frau steht knietief in einem Gewsser und wscht ihre Kleidung.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen beobachtet eine groe Explosion.
Drei Kinder warten an einem Tisch, dass ein Kuchen aufgeschnitten wird.
Ein erwachsenes Paar geniet Zeit in einer heien Wanne.
Mehrere kleine Jungen in orangefarbenen Roben stehen mit erhobenen Armen an einem Fluss mit Booten.
Kinder ziehen an einem Seil.
Zwei kleine Jungen tragen einen groen Gegenstand ber ein Holzdeck.
Erwachsene und Kinder sind im Freien unter einem Lattendach versammelt und unterhalten sich.
Kinder in Kostmen sitzen vor einem iMac-Monitor.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit heien Metallteilen.
Menschen gehen ber ein offenbar trockenes, verwstetes Feld.
Ein Mann geht ber einen Strand mit Mll.
Eine groe Gruppe von Teenagern rennen auf einer Terrasse umher.
Menschen sehen durch den Zaun ein Baseballspiel an.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sammelt Mll an einem Strand auf.
Ein kleiner Junge rennt ber einen Uferweg auf eine Taube zu.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, gro und klein, an einem ffentlichen Ort.
Menschen sitzen, essen und ruhen im Schatten.
Ein Matrose dirigiert eine Gruppe von Menschen, die auf einem Boot sind.
Ein Mann mit langem braunem Haar liest eine Karte.
Touristen machen unter Einheimischen eine Tour im felsigen Canyon.
Mann in Jeans und Sweatshirt springt auf einer nassen Oberflche, die sein Spiegelbild zeigt, in die Luft.
Ein Mann springt auf dem harten Boden.
Langhaariger Mann in Bluejeans trgt rote Basstrommel ber seinem Kopf und telefoniert dabei.
Rollerblader in grnem Hemd und Mtze rutscht ein grnes Gelnder neben Stufen herunter.
Eine Person schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mann in gelbem Hemd legt seinen Arm um einen Mann in blauem Hemd.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack berquert eine belebte Strae.
Ein einzelner Radfahrer mit Helm fhrt in einem Rennen.
Pitbull hat ein kariertes Trockentuch im Maul.
Ein nur mit einem Handtuch bekleideter Mann ist in einer Sauna.
Radfahrer fhrt durch den Wald.
Windhund in gelbem Trikot rennt auf einem unbefestigten Weg.
Ein Skateboardfahrer springt vor einem Gebude.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Pink schlft auf dem Scho eines Mannes, whrend sie in einem Flugzeug fliegen.
Person in dreirdrigem Fahrzeug fhrt auf zwei Rdern.
Ein Hund mit der Nummer vier luft bei einem Rennen mit.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, die Football spielen, bildet einen groen Haufen.
Eine Frau trinkt ein schaumiges Getrnk aus einem groen durchsichtigen Becher.
Jemand amsiert sich auf dem Surfbrett im klaren blauen Meer.
Ein Mensch macht in einer Stadt Kunststcke auf einem Fahrrad.
Kleine Mdchen spielen Fuball.
Ein Mann mit Brille, Mantel und Schal steht mit einem offenen Buch vor einer blauen Wand.
Ein Typ in blauem Hemd schlft im Freien.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit blondem Haar spielt im Freien mit einer kleinen Puppe.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund kaut auf Fingern.
Ein Mann hlt ein Bier und der andere nimmt einen Happen Essen.
Zwei Mnner und drei Kinder sind am Strand.
Ein Mann fliegt auf seinem Skateboard eine Treppe hinunter.
Eine Frau surft bequem zuhause im Internet.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau treten in einem Stck mit dem Titel Thomas the Tank Engine auf der Bhne auf.
Ein Mann in einer Robe steht neben Kerzen.
Eine lchelnde junge Frau in orangefarbener Jacke und Jeans geht einen Wanderweg entlang.
Eine Dame und ein Mann sind Naturfreunde.
Ein Mdchen geht in einem grasbewachsenen Tal auf Schafe zu.
Ein junges Paar liegt im Bett.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters saugt ihren Kchenboden mit einem Kanister-Staubsauger.
Ein Pferd und ein Reiter springen in einem Parcours ber ein Hindernis.
Ein brauner Hund rennt zwischen zwei grauen Stangen hindurch, die sehr nah beieinander stehen.
Eine Frau mit einer gelben Schultertasche massiert einen Mann.
Ein Mann in blauem Trikot rennt mit einem Football in der Hand.
Der weie Hund trgt einen Ball im Maul.
Ein Mann geht die Strae entlang an einer Ziegel-Tr vorbei.
Ein Gelndemotorrad fhrt um die Kurve.
Ein Mann mit der Nummer 12 auf der Brust ist mitten im Schritt bei einem Rennen.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters nimmt an einem Marathon teil und luft in einer Strae.
Eine Frau mit dunkelblauer Mtze und Windbreaker joggt mit Kopfhrern in den Ohren.
Drei Windhunde sind bei einem Hunderennen auf der Strecke.
Eine Dame in blauem Hemd sieht ihren drei Kindern zu, die auf dem Spielplatz spielen.
Ein Mann vollfhrt einen Backflip, whrend er sich auf einen Auftritt oder Wettbewerb im Freien vorbereitet.
Ein brauner Hund rennt ber einen Untergrund aus Erde und Gras.
Zwei Mdchen mit braunem Haar und blauen Hemden klatschen.
Der Mann in der weien Jacke hat eine blaue Mtze auf.
Fnf Frauen in knappen rot-schwarzen Outfits posieren.
Eine Reihe von Wettlufern in einer Gruppe, im Hintergrund sind rote und blaue Ballons.
Ein rot-wei-blau gekleideter Lufer rennt.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Tanktop und Elasthan-Shorts luft bei einem Rennen mit und ein Mann holt sie ein.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in schwarz-weier Kleidung laufen einen Marathon.
Ein Mann und eine Frau treten bei einem Straenrennen an.
Eine Luferin hlt im Laufen einen Zeigefinger hoch.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Weste und eine Frau in einer weien Jacke laufen bei einem Rennen mit.
Eine Wanderin geniet den Ausblick auf einige Berge.
Mann schwingt durch bei einem Bowlingwurf auf einer Bahn.
Zwei Kids halten sich an den Hnden und lcheln.
Eine Frau in altmodischer Kleidung sitzt auf einem Holzstuhl neben einem roten Ziegelbau und nht ein Stck Stoff.
Minivan fhrt nachts eine nasse stdtische Strae entlang und spritzt Wasser.
Ein Mann springt von einem Sprungbrett und dreht sich in der Luft, im Hintergrund sind weitere Sportler.
Ein Mann in einer Jeansjacke lchelt.
Zwei Mdchen warten auf der Strae und tragen enge, kaum vorhandene Kleidung.
Ein brauner Hund bis zum Hals im Wasser.
Zwei Frauen sitzen in einem vollen Restaurant nebeneinander an einem Tisch.
Militrangehrige mit riesigen Scheren stehen unter einem Grand Opening-Schild.
Ein Mann in grauem Hemd und orangefarbenem Overall arbeitet auf den Schienen.
Alter Mann in schwarzem Mantel und Hut sitzt vor einem Ziegelbau.
Ein Mann steht an einem Strand und spielt mit zwei Hunden.
Eine Dame in Jeans und Jacke geht mit ihrem Rucksack ber der Schulter.
Eine Menschenmenge hlt die Hnde in die Luft und betrachtet einen Schrein.
Ein Mann auf einem Roller-Scooter hlt sich an einem Seil fest.
Zwei Mnner versuchen jemandem den Weg zu beschreiben und scheitern dabei vllig, wodurch sie ihr Opfer verwirren.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist in einem ffentlichen Bereich versammelt.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Tanktop und einem bunten Rock betrachtet die verfgbaren Maschinen in einem Waschsalon.
Eine Frau auf einem Markt sortiert Kopfsalat.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blauen Hemd steht neben einem Mann mit Sonnenbrille am Strand.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Motorrad auf einer Rennstrecke.
Ein Mann in Blau und Schwarz surft auf einer groen weien Welle.
Vier Mnner arbeiten unter einem Gerst um eine offene Baustelle.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd, das mit Paintball-Farbspritzern bedeckt ist, macht eine Grimasse.
Ein Surfer ist senkrecht auf einer Welle, ein anderer nhert sich.
Eine Familie spielt in einem Schwimmbecken und einer der kleinen Jungen schiet auf etwas mit Wasser.
Eine lachende Frau trgt einen violetten Federhut und Absperrband.
Mehrere Menschen stehen auf einem Gehsteig in der Nhe eines Mannes, der an einem Mast lehnt.
Ein Mann ist bei der Arbeit auf der Baustelle.
Ein Mann steht in einem roten Hemd und grauer Hose im Freien auf Beton.
Ein Junge mit roter Mtze bewundert eine kaum bekleidete Frau.
Groer Mann weicht in der Mitte einer Arena leicht einem Stier aus, whrend andere Menschen zusehen.
Silhouette eines Hundes, der einen anderen Hund jagt.
Eine Frau schwingt einen Tennisschlger auf einem Outdoor-Court.
Jemand benutzt zwei Stangen, um auf einem Berg zu wandern.
Ein Metallarbeiter in einer Hebevorrichtung schneidet einen rostigen Tragbalken.
Ein Junge posiert neben seinem Roller.
Das kleine Mdchen in Pink isst einen Burrito.
Karatekurs ist bereit zu beginnen.
Ein Mann in blauem langrmligem Hemd und mit einem Tuch um den Kopf gewickelt macht sich bereit zu rauchen.
Eine Person macht einen krperlosen Fahrradsprung ber Rampen aus Erde.
Drei Menschen sind auf einer weien Flche vor einem umzunten Gebiet.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist fertig mit Tennisspielen.
Der Mann geht auf einer langen unbefestigten Strae auf eine Gruppe von Menschen zu.
Zwei Frauen joggen die Strae entlang.
Die beiden hellen Hunde ziehen an einem blauen Gegenstand, den sie beide im Maul halten.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Rock steht da, whrend der Zug vorbeifhrt.
Demonstranten in einer Stadt treten dafr ein, Hunger und Krieg zu stoppen.
Ein Tackle bei einem Footballspiel.
Frau in violettem Outfit und Mann mit rotem Hemd auf einer roten Wippe.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Hemd mit einem Headset ist von Lebensmitteln umgeben.
Zwei schwarze Hunde rennen nahe einem Pier im Sand.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf roten Wippen.
Ein weier Hund rennt mit offenem Maul in der Brandung.
Gelndemotorradfahrer springt den Hgel hinunter.
Ein Boxer mit rotem Helm bekommt von seinem Coach im Boxring Wasser in den Mund gespritzt.
Ein Junge springt von einer Schaukel.
Ein Kind in gestreiftem Hemd streichelt eine liegende weie Ziege.
Der schwarze Hund rennt im Gras.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit rotem Halsband luft durch Wasser.
Zwei mnnliche Personen am Fugngerbergang an einer Straenecke mit einer Plakatwand hinter ihnen.
Ein Clown mit einer roten Nase macht eine Seifenblase.
Eine Mutter sitzt mit drei Kindern da und sie essen Eiscrem.
Ein Windsurfer fllt im Meer von seinem Boot.
Ein kleiner Hund rennt zwischen gelben Stangen hindurch.
Kleiner Junge macht bei einem Schwimmturnier fr seine Schule Rckenschwimmen.
Ein grauer Hund mit Maulkorb rennt.
Eine Person kratzt die Unterseite des rechten Fues mit einem Messer, das sie in der Hand hlt.
Zwei junge Frauen dsen an ihrem Tisch im Restaurant.
Ein weier Windhund trgt eine rote Jacke mit der Nummer eins darauf.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grnen Trikot spielt Fuball.
Eine Frau sitzt auf dem Boden und arbeitet mit einem Apple-Laptop.
Ein Fahrradmechaniker repariert sein Fahrrad vor dem groen Rennen.
Eine Gruppe von High-School-Schlern laufen neben einem Gebude auf dem Gehsteig.
Zwei asiatische Frauen stehen an einer Strae und reden.
Mehrere Menschen fahren hinten und auf den Seiten eines Autos mit.
Zwei Mnner sprechen vor der Skulptur einer roten Box.
Eine asiatische Blaskapelle mit Mitgliedern in beige-gelb-roten Uniformen spielt auf der Strae.
Mehrere Kinder machen Kampfsport mit Holzschwertern.
Ein kleines Mdchen trgt ein pinkfarbenes Ballerina-Kostm.
Ein Mensch ist auf einem Skateboard auf einer Rampe.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit einem Stirnband und geschminktem Gesicht ist fleiig bei der Arbeit.
Ein Mann hat sich zurckgelegt, whrend ein Mann und eine Frau in seine Richtung schauen.
Ein Mann auf einem Wasserski-Brett macht einen Stunt.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt einen Tennisschuh.
Eine junge Frau mit blondem Haar in einem grauen Kleid und roten Strumpfhosen geht entschlossen zu ihrem Zielort und hrt dabei Musik.
Eine Frau steht drauen neben vielen Fahrrdern.
Eine alte asiatische Frau sitzt vor einer U-Bahn und Fahrgste laufen an ihr vorbei.
Ein Mann in der Luft, whrend er eine Sanddne hinunterluft.
Zwei blonde Hunde stehen nebeneinander auf einer Terrasse.
Kleines Kind spielt neben Wassersprenger im Gras.
Eine Frau mit einem Kapuzen-Sweatshirt und Bikini-Unterteil hlt eine Kamera am Strand.
Frau reitet auf einem geschmckten Pferd auf der Strae.
Asiatische Polizisten in blauen Uniformen stehen vor einer Baustelle.
Kleiner Pfadfinderjunge lehnt im Freien an einem gedeckten Tisch mit asiatischen Speisenden.
Ein Mann und eine Frau bereiten Essen zu.
Zwei ltere Frauen gehen ber eine Strae und lcheln.
Ein weier Hund rennt durchs Wasser auf die Kste zu.
Ein kleiner hellbrauner Hund springt ber einen verschlossenen Zaun.
Drei Hunde sind in einem umzunten Hof und einer springt vom Zaun.
Eine blonde Frau geht vor knallbunten Gebuden ber einen Platz.
Ein Fuballspieler versucht einen Ball zu treffen, whrend ein Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft hinter ihm rennt.
Ein Mdchen mit pinkfarbenem Haar brstet sich.
Ein Mann zieht Arbeitshandschuhe an, whrend Menschen Tische fr eine Veranstaltung aufbauen.
Ein Motorrad ist in der Luft und macht ein Kunststck.
Ein blondes Mdchen setzt einen Fahrradhelm mit einem Aufkleber mit der Aufschrift cool cats darauf auf.
Person fhrt Fahrrad auf unbefestigtem Weg in Waldgebiet.
Viele Football-Spieler rennen auf dem grasbewachsenen Feld.
Ein Football-Spieler fngt den Football.
Ein Football-Spieler versucht, den Ball von einem anderen Football-Spieler zu bekommen, der rennt.
Eine asiatische Frau spielt Trommel.
Ein Mann in schwarzem T-Shirt und blauen Jeans zieht sich mit den Armen an einem groen Metallgebilde hoch.
Ein Mann versucht, einen Baseball zu fangen.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad trgt einen Helm und ein Hemd mit Logo und zeigt auf den Betrachter.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt im Wasser am Meer.
Eine weie Frau in weier Hose und schwarzem Oberteil wartet auf den Bus.
Gruppe von Frauen macht eine Prsentation von einer Staffelei.
Drei Mnner machen ein musikalisches Set mit Drhten und Gerten auf der ganzen Bhne und halten auergewhnliche gitarrenhnliche Instrumente.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke reibt sich die Stirn.
Ein Mann bekommt einen Kuss von einem Kleinkind, whrend er ein Baby hlt.
Mann geht unbefestigte Strae mit Geschften am Rand entlang.
Zwei Menschen schauen inmitten einer Menschenmenge von ihren Mikroskopen hoch.
Drei Mnner diskutieren hinter einem Abschleppwagen.
Ein Auto mit stark beschdigter Front wird von ein paar Leuten und einem Polizisten ber die Kreuzung geschoben.
Ein Geschftsmann mit gelber Krawatte sieht frustriert aus.
Drei Mnner, zwei in gelben Anzgen, schauen in den Fond eines Autos.
Mann in blauem Hemd und mit Brille kommuniziert hektisch mit ausgestreckten Armen.
Ein Geschftsmann in einem Anzug sieht verstimmt aus und zwickt sich in die Augenbraue, whrend er vor mehreren Computerbildschirmen sitzt.
Feuerwehrleute versuchen, einen Groflchenbrand in New Mexiko zu lschen.
Das kleine Mdchen in Wei hpft auf einer bunten Hpfburg.
Ein Strandbuggy fhrt einen Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem Astro-Boy-T-Shirt mit Baseballkappe reinigt einen Pool.
Ein Nachrichten-Interview mit einem Mann.
Drei Goldgrber suchen auf einem Feld nach Gold.
Ein kleines Mdchen hat ihren Helm auf, whrend sie Fahrrad fhrt.
Zwei Mdchen fahren auf einem Fahrgeschft in einem Freizeitpark.
Ein blaugrnes Auto auf einer unbefestigten Strae verspritzt auf der linken Seite Wasser.
Ein Mann in der U-Bahn hlt seine Tten und schaut ein Buch an.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad hebt sich gegen die untergehende Sonne ab.
Ein Mann in einer Chefkoch-Jacke sitzt an einem weien Tisch und schreibt in ein Buch.
Ein orange-wei-schwarzer Motorradfahrer fhrt Rennen.
Eine Person klettert ber eine Holzleiter auf einen sehr steilen, zerklfteten Felsen.
Der Hund springt auf die Couch.
Eine Gruppe von Kids sitzt nebeneinander auf einem grnen Tuch und tauscht Stoffe.
Eine stdtische Strae mit Fugngern und einem Mann neben einem Wagen mit Essen.
Sechs Mnner klettern auf eine Stange im Wasser, vier Mnner mit freiem Oberkrper und die anderen beiden tragen Hemden, eins davon wei und das andere blau.
Menschen berqueren bei Sonnenuntergang eine Brcke ber einer Wasserflche.
Ein BMX-Fahrer fliegt von einer Rampe in die Luft.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut drckt gegen einen riesigen Felsen.
Ein Mann in einem Sweatshirt und blauen Jeans macht ein Nickerchen auf einer Bank.
Zwei junge Mnner sehen einem anderen Mann beim Skateboardfahren in einem Skate-Park zu.
Ein Junge fhrt auf einem Plastikschlitten eine schneebedeckte Flche hinunter.
Eine Gruppe von Schulkindern tanzt.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Helm in der Hand rennt auf einer Strae.
Zwei Mnner kehren eine mllbedeckte Strae und heben Mll auf.
Eine Dame mittleren Alters mit Brille und mehrfarbigem gestreiftem Hemd hlt ein neugeborenes Baby.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem schwarz-weien Hund.
Mdchen in Blau versucht, einen Base-Runner Nummer 11 bei einem Softballspiel rausfliegen zu lassen.
Ein Hund springt, um eine orangefarbene Frisbee zu fangen.
Eine Frau am Herd, die einen blauen Topfhandschuh trgt, nimmt einen Schluck von ihrem Wein.
Zwei Menschen mit weien Hten schauen ber den Berg.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht im Sand und versucht, eine groe Stange zu halten.
Ein Husky rennt bei einem Hindernisparcours durch einen gelben Tunnel.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen in den Fontnen.
Ein Paar spielt mit einem kleinen Jungen am Strand.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge klettert auf einem Spielplatz.
Zwei weie Hasen sind drauen im Gras.
Dieses Mdchen ist im Freien und kickt Bltter auf einer Wiese mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Vier kleine Jungen in Spielkleidung spielen Football.
Ein Mann, der Kopfhrer um den Hals trgt, ist neben einem Mann mit Mtze, der vom Bildschirm wegschaut.
Fuballspieler wischt sich mit blauem Trikot ber das Gesicht.
Eine begeisterte Gruppe von Menschen kickt einen roten Ball auf einer Wiese herum.
Sechs junge Leute lachen und springen in die Luft.
Drei Mnner lachen, whrend einer mit einem weien Ball in der Hand auf den Boden fllt.
Jemand surft auf einer groen Welle.
Ein brauner Hund spielt mit einem flauschigen weien Plschtier.
Drei braune Hunde im fleckigen Gras.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und weien Shorts steht mit drei anderen Menschen um einen Pingpong-Tisch herum.
Zwei Football-Mannschaften spielen ein Match.
Eine blonde Frau liest mit einem Getrnk in der Hand und Oreos in der Nhe.
Zwei Mdchen in Bikinis stehen im See.
Ein junger Mann macht auf einem Parcours Kunststcke mit seinem Fahrrad-
Menge sitzt nach einem Mahl in einem Zelt.
lterer Mensch und Ziegelmauer im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann macht Handstand vor einer Garage.
Eine Frau beugt sich ber Halsketten und Schmuck und greift aus dem Bildbereich hinaus.
Ein Mann klettert auf den Berg.
Dieser Knstler im roten Hemd meielt den Stein weg, um ein Meisterwerk zu schaffen.
Fnf Menschen schauen etwas Interessantes durch eine Scheibe an.
Ein Show-Springer bringt ein braunes Pferd dazu, ber einen weien Zaun zu springen.
Eine Person ber ihrem Surfbrett auf dem Wasser.
Sicht von oben auf jemanden, der sich um Tabletts mit zum Verkauf angebotenem Fisch kmmert.
Eine Frau in einem komplett weien Outfit spielt intensiv Tennis.
Ein Sicherheitsbeamter in blauem Hemd bewegt sich durch einen Flughafen.
Ein Mann im Anzug wartet auf die U-Bahn.
Eine Frau mit glattem braunem Haar und einem grnen Pullover schaut eine andere Frau mit hochgestecktem Haar und sternfrmigen Ohrringen an.
Arbeiter rumen Schutt am Strand weg.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen unterhalten sich in einem berdachten Bereich, manche von ihnen tragen ein Volunteer for Parks-T-Shirt
Ein schwarzer Hund wlzt sich im Gras.
Die Familie eines Soldaten geht neben ihm einen Pfad voller Bltter entlang.
Menschen am Strand mit Handschuhen sammeln Mll.
Ein Paar geht am Strand umher und hebt Mll auf.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille steht an einem Tisch mit Gewrzen.
Blick durch einen Eingang auf einen Mann mit einem Fahrrad im Abendlicht.
Ein Arbeiter schaut von einem Gebude im Bau herunter.
Ein sehr groer brauner Hund spielt mit einem kleineren lockigen Hund.
Ein kleiner Junge in blauer Jacke macht Hula-Hoop.
Ein Mann mit Mtze tanzt in einem Bereich voll mit Licht und Graffiti.
Die Rugby-Spieler kmpfen um den Ball, in der Nhe sind Zuschauer.
Ein Paar wird in einer Kirche getraut und Gste schauen zu.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt einen Krbis mitten auf einem Krbisfeld.
Ein lockiger Jugendlicher wirft xte auf Ziele mit aufgemalten Bullenkpfen.
Zwei Mdchen essen in einem Restaurant.
Drei Mnner reagieren, als ein Football ber ihnen fliegt.
Ein Mann trainiert seinen Parcours und macht einen wagemutigen Sprung.
Ein silbernes Auto wird auf einen Parkplatz gefahren, whrend Publikum zuschaut.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in Ethno-Kleidung tanzt.
Der Mann im blauen Hemd ksste eine Frau vor einer Hochzeitstorte.
Drei Menschen machen am Strand sauber.
Eine Gruppe von Teenagern und eine Gruppe von erwachsenen Mnnern reden untereinander in einem Auenbereich.
Brnette Frau fhrt sich mit der Zunge ber die Zhne.
Zwei weie Mdchen halten Schilder mit Werbung fr eine Autowasch-Spendensammlung hoch.
Ein schwarzes Auto auf der Strae hinter Maschendraht.
Ein Kind versucht, nicht von einem Schaf im Rodeo-Kreis herunterzufallen.
Soldaten schtteln einem Mann im Anzug die Hand, whrend Zuschauer zusehen.
Ein asiatischer Mann in weiem Hemd und blauen Jeans hlt eine Powerpoint-Prsentation.
Ein Mitglied der US Army nimmt eine Auszeichnung von einem asiatischen Mann entgegen.
Soldaten in Uniform stehen in einer Cafeteria in der Schlange und erhalten das Essen, das sie ausgewhlt haben.
Mann und Kind an einem Ausstellungsstand schauen etwas an.
Ein Typ sitzt auf seinem Fahrrad mit einem Rad in der Luft.
Zwei Hunde rennen auf einer Wiese vor einem Haus.
Eine Frau und ein Junge sitzen in einem Bus.
Drei Menschen mit weien Handschuhen heben Mll an einem Strand auf.
Zwei Frauen lcheln whrend sie zusammen fischen, die eine mit einem Netz und die andere mit einer Angelrute.
Mann in Armee-Uniform spricht mit zwei asiatischen Mnnern in Anzgen.
Mehrere Mnner asiatischer Herkunft sitzen zusammen mit US-Soldaten bei einem Mittagessen, unterhalten sich informell und bestellen ihr Essen.
Eine Frau schttelt einem amerikanischen Soldaten die Hand.
Ein Mann in Militruniform zeigt auf etwas und drei andere Mnner schauen.
Drei Soldaten in Kampfanzgen sitzen um einen Tisch herum.
Drei Soldaten unterhalten sich vor einem Spielplatz, whrend andere zuschauen.
Rettungsschwimmer versammeln sich an der Strandwache.
Ein Mensch mit grauem Haar und einem grauen Outfit liegt auf einer Bank.
Mehrere Menschen, einige mit Schirm in der Hand, fahren auf einem langen Boot einen Fluss entlang.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann auf blau-gelben Sitzen im PNV.
Ein kleines Mdchen reitet auf einem Pferd ber einen Weg.
Drei Frauen sitzen am Ende eines Piers und trinken, planschen mit den Fen und lachen.
Drei Fuballspieler stoen beim Sturm auf den Ball zusammen.
Eine Gruppe von Eishockeyspielern rutschen whrend eines Spiels ber das Eis.
Ein Hund springt in die Luft und in der Nhe steht eine Dame.
Ein Knstler malt ein Bild von einer Frau, die am Strand mit einem japanischen Schirm Modell steht.
Der Mann in der schwarzen Lederjacke macht Lanzenstechen von seinem Fahrrad aus.
Drei Frauen klettern leicht bekleidet auf einen Drahtturm.
Mehrere Menschen essen und reden, whrend jemand anders Klavier spielt.
Asiatischer Mann luft in schlammigem Strom und schieb ein Holzwerkzeug.
Zwei Cowboys auf Pferden jagen eine junge Kuh mit Lassos.
Eine groe Baustelle mit vielen Fahrzeugen in einer Stadt.
Ein Junge in gelbem Hemd und grauer Hose spielt allein Ball.
Eine unbefestigte Strae mit Bumen auf einer Seite und heruntergekommenen Gebuden auf der anderen.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank umgeben von Pflanzen.
Eine Frau in pinkfarbener Hose geht neben einem kleinen Jungen auf einem Spielzeug.
Zwei Spieler drngeln bei einem Fuballspiel.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Weste fhrt in einem Bus und schaut von der Kamera weg.
Ein kleines Mdchen rutscht eine Rutsche auf einem Spielplatz herunter.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters rasiert seinen Bart in einem Raum mit weien Wnden, der nicht wie ein Badezimmer aussieht.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters ist im Zug eingeschlafen.
Zwei gelbe Hunde spielen in einem grnen Plastik-Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mann lsst in einer Arbeitsbox mit einem handgemachten Werkzeug Ballons platzen.
Ein kleiner Junge in bequemer Hose und geschichteten Oberteilen verwendet einen Laubblser auf einer Grasflche neben einer Strae.
Ein Kind ist auf dem Boden und weint.
Ein  kleiner Junge schaut sich Dinge durch ein Mikroskop an.
Ein Windhund ist auf einer Wiese aktiv.
Kleines Mdchen in buntem Hemd schaut eine Blume in einem Wohnzimmer an.
Zwei kleine Mdchen auf einer Wiese gucken sich Gegenstnde der Natur an.
Zwei wei gekleidete Mnner schlagen einen Ball, whrend ein dritter Mann auf sie zugeht.
Ein Mann sieht zu, wie eine Frau einen Pool reinigt.
Kleiner Junge mit kleinem Fuball.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen unterhlt sich und trinkt Bier.
Ein Kind in rotem Hemd sitzt mit einer Karte an einer Wand und isst.
Ein kleiner Junge schlft in seinem blauen Kinderwagen.
Ein Kind berhrt Teig auf einem Schneidbrett.
Ein Papa mit seinem Kind und einem Apfelkuchen.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Zug am Fenster.
Ein Hund luft am Meer durchs Wasser.
Ein Mann macht ein Skateboard-Kunststck auf einem Betonmonument in einem Stadtpark.
Zwei Hunde rennen ber den Weg.
Eine Frau sitzt und hlt einen teilweise geflochtenen Korb.
Zwei Mnner auf Motorrdern fahren eine leere Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in grnem Hemd und schwarzer Mtze spielt auf der Bhne Gitarre.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter macht Kunststcke und springt ber ein Gelnder.
Ein gelber Hund spielt mit einem groen Stock im Gras.
Zwei Rudel Schlittenhund treffen sich.
Ein Mdchen steht auf der Strae und winkt mit dem Arm, whrend Autos vorbeifahren.
Ein junger Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und hat einen Schuh ausgezogen.
Eine blonde Frau bedeckt ihren Mund und ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd macht Zeichen mit den Hnden.
Mdchen und Junge spielen Tennis.
Menschen laufen Rennen und der Mann in Grau fhrt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen in einem Wald.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Hemden spielen in einem Raum auf elektrischen Instrumenten.
Eine Person auf einem Fahrrad fhrt ber eine erhhte Plattform.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Stuhl aus einer Reihe grner Sthle und hlt ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann und ein Junge beobachten einen Hund, der hochspringt, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Eine Frau mit langem Pferdeschwanz und ein Mann mit kurzem Haar lachen beim Nachtisch.
Sitzender Straenmusiker in schwarzem Trikot spielt Blasinstrument und niemand hrt oder sieht zu.
Ein Mann trgt Tten mit Gemse in einer Hand und ein Tablett mit Gemse in der anderen.
Aufpasser bei einem Konzert, Frau in rotem Kleid auf der Bhne.
Das Kind fhrt auf einem Fahrzeug einen geschlossenen Pfad neben einem Strandbereich entlang.
Ein Mann steht an seinem Londoner Touristenstand.
Der Junge im roten Trikot rennt mit dem Football.
Frau spielt Bass.
Ein Lufer in Schwarz kommt an einem Blumenladen im Freien vorbei.
Junge Frauen versammeln sich zu einer kleinen Feier.
Mehrere Menschen sind in einer Kche um eine Insel versammelt und essen.
Ein Snowboardfahrer in der Luft macht ein Kunststck.
Viele Frauen in bunten Saris betreten ein steinernes Gebude.
Zwei gleich aussehende groe braune Hunde ringen.
Ein Arbeiter in kompletter Schutzausrstung sitzt und schweit Metall.
Ein Cowboy mit weiem Hut schafft es nicht, bei einem Rodeo ein Kalb zu fangen,
Drei Kinder spielen an der Kste, im Hintergrund hat eine Fhre angelegt.
Ein kleines Kind hpft in einem Bltterhaufen.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann stehen neben einem Picknicktisch, der mit Essen und Wasser bedeckt ist.
Zwei Mnner schreiben an einem steinigen Strand im Sand.
Ein Mann lchelt, als er auf einen orangefarbenen Sportwagen herunterschaut, der an einem Randstein geparkt ist.
Ein Mann in grnem Hemd fngt in einer Rodeo-Arena ein Kalb ein.
Eine Lwin jagt ein schwarzes Bison ber eine grasbewachsene Ebene.
Ein Football-Spieler rennt mit einem Football an einem Schiedsrichter vorbei.
Ein lterer Mann, Pilot eines Flugzeugs, lchelt.
Ein Boot wendet auf einem offenen Fluss nach rechts.
Ein blonder Mensch steht mit ausgestreckten Armen vor einem Gebude.
Ein Junge macht ein Kunststck mit einem Skateboard.
Ein kleiner Junge vollfhrt in einem Skate-Park Kunststcke mit einem Skateboard.
Mnner spielen vor einem Gebude Saxofon.
Ein Mann macht einen als Ollie bekannten Skateboard-Trick ber einer Treppe.
Ein brauner Hund ist im grnen Gras.
Zwei Jungen in blauen Hemden kmpfen hinter einem grauen Auto und zwei anderen Kindern.
Drei Frauen springen nach dem Ende eines Straenrennens frhlich in die Luft.
Ein Snowboardfahrer schiet ber weiem Schnee in die Luft.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf einer Wiese Fuball.
Eine Rockband spieltauf einer Zune-Bhne und viele Menschen schauen zu.
Eine Band spielt im Freien vor einem Zune-Gebude.
Kids warten im Park, um die groe aufblasbare Aktivitt auszuprobieren.
Als Weihnachtsmann verkleidete Menschen in einem Club mit grnen Ballons.
Ein Junge auf einem Thomas the Tank Engine-Roller une ein Mdchen auf einem pinkfarbenen Roller fahren auf dem Gehsteig.
Der Lufer hat fr das Rennen Batman-Laufkleidung angezogen.
Ein Torhter in roter Spielkleidung kickt den Fuball, um das Tor zu verteidigen.
Ein Radfahrer springt mit seinem Fahrrad ber eine Barriere.
Ein lterer Mann sieht in einer herbstlichen Umgebung zu einem jngeren Mann herber, der eine Axt schwingt und Holz hackt.
Zwei Eishockeyspieler kmpfen auf dem Eis.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht einen Radschlag.
Surfer auf einer riesigen Welle im Meer bei Sonnenuntergang.
Ein Hund schttelt sich Wasser aus dem Fell, nachdem er im Wasser mit einer Frisbee gespielt hat.
Ein kleines Mdchen schaukelt, hinter ihm steht eine Frau.
Eine Person in einem groen pinkfarbenen, dreieckigen Kostm winkt und ein Mann und eine Frau in farblich abgestimmten, knallbunten gestreiften und gepunkteten Outfits lcheln zurck.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich vor einer weien Statue.
Ein blondes Mdchen in schwarzem Umhang steht neben anderen Kindern in Kostmen.
Ein Mann mit Brille und grner Mtze schlft in der U-Bahn ein.
Zwei kleine weie Hunde mit Maulkrben springen ber einen kleinen Gegenstand.
Ein Sigkeitenverkufer steht in der Sonne, whrend andere unter Schirmen im Schatten sitzen.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrofon.
Rennautos nachts im Regen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen geniet eine Fahrt im Heiluftballon.
Gruppe stellt sich auf fr einen Kampfsport-Kampf.
Ein Surfer reitet auf einem blauen Brett auf einer groen Welle.
Eine Dame und ein Kind in einem Erdbeer-Fahrgeschft.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd macht eine Pause vom Graben im Fluss.
Drei Menschen spielen in einem Stck.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen mit Kindern treten auf einer Bhne auf.
Ein Mensch auf dem Fahrrad in der Luft.
Ein einzelner Kletterer klettert eine Felswand hoch.
Deutscher Schferhund springt durch schwarzen Reifen und Leute schauen zu.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einem Stuhl und blst einen riesigen gelben Ballon auf.
Ein Mann in einem Vegas-Shirt hat einen offenen Koffer hinter sich.
Ein Arbeiter, der erhht auf einer Maschine steht, versucht eine Stange neben einem Fenster zu reparieren.
Zwei junge Mnner springen ausgelassen auf einem Platz im Freien.
Vier Mnner in orangefarbenen Westen sind auf einer Baustelle.
Zwei Arbeiter gehen auf einer Baustelle herum.
Ein Mann in einem Sweatshirt und mit Mtze schaut ber eine Brcke an einem See.
Ein Baby zieht die Katze am Schwanz.
Ein blonder kleiner Junge mit grn-blauen Shorts grbt ein Loch in den nassen Sand.
Drei Hunde spielen im Gras neben den Gerten auf dem Spielplatz.
Frauen auf den Feldern arbeiten auf einem Hof und pflanzen Reissamen.
Ein alter Mann schaut nachdenklich von seinem Balkon.
Eine Menschenmenge wartet, zum Einstieg bereit, vor einer U-Bahn.
Eine Person macht mit einem Fahrrad ein Kunststck ber einer Holzrampe.
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid steht neben einem Mdchen, das auf Wasser schaut.
Ein Hund rennt ber das Gras.
Ein Football-Spieler hlt einen Football bei einem Spiel im Schlamm.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen mit Kopfbedeckungen versammelt sich mit groen Taschen.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem blauen Trikot mit Samsung-Werbung stolpert ber einen anderen, fallenden Fuballspieler in einem roten Trikot.
Der Surfer ist auf der Welle.
Eine Menschenmenge geht kurz nachdem es geregnet hat ber einen Gehsteig.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters in modischer Kleidung hlt eine Kamera.
Ein Mann steht im Freien vor einem Feld mit einem groen gelben Sack ber der Schulter.
Eine Frau spricht an einem kalten Abend in ein Megafon.
Menschen warten in einer Schlange unter Straenlaternen darauf, in einen Doppeldeckerbus einzusteigen.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt am Strand mit Sand.
Jungen machen Skateboard-Manver und im Hintergrund ist eine amerikanische Flagge.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich und machen ein Foto von sich.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem groen Wandbild.
Ein Mann sitzt in einer U-Bahn.
Mehrere Menschen, darunter ein kleines Mdchen mit pinkfarbenem Oberteil und Shorts, warten an einer Bushaltestelle.
Ein Junge in grnen Shorts rennt im Sand.
Ein KInd luft und schiebt sein Spielzeug.
Junge und weier Hund rennen auf der Wiese.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Schreibtisch und schreibt auf einem Computer.
Zwei Gelndemotorradfahrer in der Luft.
Mnner in einem Pulk bei einem Radrennen.
Der braune deutsche Schferhund spielt mit einem Stock.
Eine Frau mit einem Tschchen in der Hand steht am Rand eines Felsvorsprunges und schaut auf die Bume.
Ein Paar geht zusammen am Strand entlang und erinnert sich wahrscheinlich an schne Momente.
Ein Werfer und ein Fnger feiern, dass sie einen anderen Baseballspieler bei einem Profispiel mit einem Strikeout hinausbefrdert haben.
Fnf Menschen sitzen um einen Tisch und schauen Papiere durch.
Eine groe Menschenmenge versammelt sich in einem groen Gebude, einige haben die Hnde in der Luft.
Die fnf Menschen stehen unter drei hellbraunen Bgen.
Zwei Frauen umarmen sich, eine dritte steigt aus dem Auto aus.
Drei chinesische Frauen diskutieren ber etwas.
Zwei Frauen berqueren eine Brcke ber einem schmalen Wasserweg.
Ein als Clown verkleideter Mann fhrt bei einem Rennen Fahrrad.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Overall rutscht eine orangefarbene Rutsche hinunter.
Eine Menge Leute amsiert sich bei einem Konzert.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht an einer Wand und wartet auf etwas.
Ein Mann hlt neben einer Flagge die Hand in die Hhe.
Ein Baby stapelt neben seinem Laufstall frhlich Legosteine.
Die weie Ente schwimmt neben einem schwarzen Hund.
Soldaten verhaften einen Mann auf offener Strae.
Mann sammelt Stroh, um Htten zu bauen.
Zwei Damen mit Hten und ein Mann, der einen Kinderwagen schiebt, kommen an einer Spa-Einrichtung vorbei.
Ein Mann macht die Radfahr-bung auf einer Bank in einem ffentlichen Bereich.
Ein Mann springt auf einem orangefarbenen Gelndemotorrad ber einen Felsen.
Drei Musiker sitzen auf Sthlen und spielen auf ihren jeweiligen Instrumenten.
Ein kleiner Junge im blauen Kapuzenpulli dreht den Handgriff einer kurbelbetriebenen Maschine.
Tennisspieler sind beim Gesprch auf dem Court zu sehen.
Ein Mdchen in einem Halloween-Kostm trgt eine Tte mit Sigkeiten und eine Sense und im Hintergrund ist ein Halloween-Krbis auf einer Veranda.
Ein Mann in einem Flanellhemd meielt einen Stein.
Ein violett gekleidetes Kind und ein schwarz gekleideter Erwachsener.
Ein Mdchen macht neben einer Frau einen Futritt.
Eine blonde Frau mittleren Alters dirigiert einen Gegenstand auf einen Transportwagen.
Ein Snowboardfahrer grindet ber ein Gelnder.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blondem Haar posiert auf einem Ast und lchelt.
Fnf Jungen spielen im Freien in einem umzunten Hinterhof.
Auf dieser Party sind alle als Zombie verkleidet.
Zwei Mdchen in roten Kostmen spielen zusammen.
Mann in Polizisten-Kostm neben einem Mann im Zombie-Kostm.
Mann und Frauen in Halloween-Kostmen unterhalten sich.
Ein grner Karren parkt unter einem Baum in einem schattigen Bereich.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad in der Luft.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten mittleren Alters mit Laptops und Notebooks schenken etwas Aufmerksamkeit.
Ein Mann fhrt auf Rollerblades ber eine Metallstange.
Zwei gegnerische mnnliche Spieler jagen den Ball beim Feldhockey.
Zwei Musiker tragen Lautsprecher, Gitarren und Musikausrstung.
Eine Gruppe von Amish steht vor einer Kirche.
Mann mit Maske hebt die Hand.
Eine Frau badet ein Baby in einer speziellen Baby-Badewanne.
Zwei Mnner spielen Basketball.
Ein Basketballspieler hlt Ausschau nach jemandem, dem er den Ball zuspielen kann.
Der Basketballspieler in Blau versucht dem Spieler in Orange den Ball abzunehmen.
Ein Mann in einem Ozzy-T-Shirt schaut sein Frhstck an, das aus pochiertem Ei und Toast mit Kaffee besteht.
Zwei Mnner mit kurzen Haaren arbeiten.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen demonstriert an einer Straenecke.
Ein Paar in seltsamen Kostmen.
Ein weier Hund mit einem roten Halsband springt aus dem Gras hoch.
Zwei Mnner aus gegnerischen Mannschaften spielen Basketball.
Ein Mann in Miami-Basketball-Spielkleidung schaut nach rechts.
Eine weie Frau schaut am hellichten Tag aus ihrem Fenster.
Ein kleines Mdchen brstet mit einer weien Brste die Haare eines lteren Mdchens.
Ein kleines Mdchen sieht eine Zeitung durch.
Ein Mann hebt schwere Steine hoch und stapelt sie bereinander.
Blick durch die Windschutzscheibe eines Autos auf einen Hund, der die Strae berquert.
Ein Mann in Karohemd schlgt einen Baum mit einer Axt.
Ein Baseballspieler schwingt einen Baseballschlger.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner sitzt auf Felsen und schaut in die Ferne.
Ein Mann steht vor einer groen Menschenmenge an einem Mikrofon.
Eine junge Dame wird von einem Mann getrstet, nachdem sie etwas Trauriges gesehen hat und weinen musste.
Mann und Frau stehen nah beieinander, ein anderer Mann schaut zu ihnen.
Eine Frau steht mitten auf einem Ziegelsteinweg.
Ein Computerlabor in einer Schule, fnf Menschen im Bild.
Ein kleiner Junge schlft in eine weie Decke gewickelt auf einer gestreiften Couch.
Soldaten waschen Pfannen in roten Wannen.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Hemd und blauem Helm fhrt auf seinem Fahrrad Rennen.
Mehrere Reiter tragen Flaggen und reiten aneinander vorbei.
ltere Frau in gelber Jacke hlt in einem stdtischen Gebiet ein Schild mit der Aufschrift DOWN AND OUT.
Mann in gestreiftem Hemd steht neben seinem Motorrad.
Ein Mann in blauem Mantel fhrt ein kleines weies Tier aus, im Hintergrund fhrt ein Bus vorbei.
Soldaten lernen mit ihren Gewehren zu schieen.
Radfahrer tragen ihre Fahrrder einen steilen grasbewachsenen Hgel hinauf.
Mann mittleren Alters mit Glatzenansatz schaut auf zwei Computerbildschirme.
Ein Mdchen in orangefarbenem Hemd zndet Kerzen an.
Junge und Mdchen kssen sich am Bahnhof.
Ein hellbrauner Hund sitzt im Schnee.
Zwei Hunde spielen miteinander im Laub.
Mehrere Menschen in einer Band hpfen zur Musik auf und ab.
Diese Band spielt auf einer Bhne.
Mehrere Menschen marschieren und einer hlt dabei eine Menorah.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner in einem fremden Land wirft Steine.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Neoprenanzug fhrt auf einem blauen Surfbrett.
Der Hund kehrt stolz mit dem Spielzeug zurck, das er gefangen hat.
Eine sehr belebte stdtische Strae bei Nacht, auf der Radfahrer und Taxis fahren.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Sportjacke und ein anderer in grnem Hemd schauen in die Kamera.
Eine groe Menschenmenge luft auf einem offenen Lebensmittelmarkt.
Ein sitzender Junge spielt Akkordeon.
Eine Frau isst etwas, das aussieht wie eine Muschel.
Eine Frau mit einem Hund geht im Freien eine Treppe hinunter, hinter ihr ist ein Bus.
Ein einarmiger Mann hlt eine Trinkflasche und schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Drei Frauen kochen in einer Kche.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer gelben Gitarre und eine Katze beobachtet ihn.
Mdchen laufen an einem sonnigen Tag auf der Strae.
Ein Chefkoch und seine beiden Souschefs bereiten in einem Restaurant ein Gericht zu.
Ein Hund leckt sich in einem Zimmer, in dem kein Essen in seiner Schssel ist, die Lippen.
Vier Bauarbeiter arbeiten nachts in der Stadt am Wasser.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen tanzen.
Mehrere kleine Jungen mit blauen Helmen und blau-roten Rettungswesten auf einem Flo.
Ein Mann verbringt beim Wakeboarden viel Zeit in der Luft.
Menschen bei einer Abstimmung, whrend Kinder hinter ihnen auf dem Boden sitzen und zuschauen.
Eine Frau winkt zwischen zwei Haufen mit getrocknetem Getreide.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt mit einem groen weien Pudel in der Einfahrt neben einem Polizeiauto.
Ein Hund jagt einen pinkfarbenen Ball.
Eine ltere Frau trgt einen gestreiften Hut, Sonnenbrille, Schal und ein blaues Karohemd.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen macht aufgeregte Handbewegungen.
Ein Mann mit Gips filmt mit einem Camcorder eine vergngte Veranstaltung.
Eine junge Frauen trgt ein Obama-T-Shirt.
Eine Gruppe junger Frauen, eine ist hoch in der Luft:
Menschen fahren auf ihren Fahrrder und kaufen spt nachts ein.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in Anzgen steht auf einer Bhne.
Vier Fuballspieler spielen auf dem Pflaster.
Zwei Frauen, von denen eine ein Instrument spielt und die andere tanzt, sind am Strand.
Ein Mann in Schwarz hlt ein Obama 08-Schild hoch.
Ein Mann afrikanischer Abstammung trgt ein graues Hemd und eine silberne Kette.
Frau sitzt auf hoher weier Mauer.
Mnner und Frauen sind in einem unaufgerumten Laden versammelt, in dem Kleider auf Stndern verteilt sind.
Ein Hund kaut auf einem Stock.
Eine Frau mit einem Schal um den Kopf luft ber einen hlzernen Uferweg.
Ein Kleinkind sitzt am Fu einer Rutsche und lchelt.
Ein alter Mann macht ein Nickerchen in einer Rikscha.
Durchschnittliche Alltagsmenschen gehen an einer Einrichtung vorbei.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einem grasbewachsenen Hgel und tragen Fahrradhelme.
Hockende Mnner gucken durch eine Reihe von Mnnern in hellblauen und grauen Uniformen.
Nahaufnahme eines Mannes, der mit einer Handfeuerwaffe in den Wald schiet.
Die Dame wartet darauf, die Toiletten zu putzen.
Eine Frau in Stiefeln singt und spielt Keyboard auf einer erhhten Bhne vor einem sitzenden Publikum.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid spielt auf ihrer akustischen Gitarre.
Ein Mann spricht ber ein Mobiltelefon und hlt ein Obama-Wahlkampfschild.
Ein Mann in einem Obama-T-Shirt hlt eine Kaffeetasse.
Ein Mann in grnem Hemd lehnt sich im Wohnzimmer eines Hauses in einem Sessel zurck.
Ein kleines Rennauto mit Werbung fhrt auf einer verregneten Rennstrecke.
Mehrere Menschen zupfen auf einem stdtischen Markt an Feldfrchten.
Ein asiatisches Kind trgt Erzeugnisse in einem runden Korb eine sonnige Strae entlang.
Eine asiatische Frau steigt abends in einer Stadtmitte aus einem Taxi.
Menschen kreischen abends mit ausgestreckten Armen.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen in Hochzeitskleidung.
Ein kleines Mdchen ist begeistert nach dem ffnen eines Geschenks bei ihrer Geburtstagsfeier.
Der schwarze Hund rennt den Grashgel hinunter und springt ins Wasser darunter.
Ein Mann und ein Kind stehen in einer Stammesgruppe nah beieinander.
Ein Jger hlt in einer Hand einen Vogel und in der anderen seine Schusswaffe.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Sicherheitsweste hlt ein Tier, das er geschossen hat, in die Hhe.
Ein Mann in einem Maisfeld hlt eine Schusswaffe.
Vier Mnner in orangefarbener Sicherheitskleidung geht ber ein Feld.
Ein kleiner Junge in rotem Hemd klettert auf einer Felswand auf einem Spielplatz.
Eine Frau sitzt und schaut einer anderen Frau zu, die im Schwimmbecken spielt.
Ein Junge springt, im Hintergrund ein Sonnenuntergang.
Frau textet mit dem Telefon, whrend ein Mann auf dem Fahrrad an ihr vorbeifhrt.
Ein schwarzer Mann und ein groer goldener Hund am Strand.
Fle und ein Helikopter ber dem Wasser.
Ein Mann ist in freiem Fall von einer Stelle, von der aus andere zuschauen.
Am Schiestand bt ein Mann in grner Jacke Schieen.
Zwei Mnner in Unterhemden sitzen vor einer Reihe toter Vgel.
Kids machen sich aggressiv bereit fr ein Footballspiel.
Ein Hund trottet daher mit einem Ball im Maul.
Eine Gruppe von kleinen Kindern spielt Himmel und Hlle auf dem Gehsteig.
Mann mht Rasen und hrt dabei Radio.
Ein Mann in der Dusche mit Irokesenfrisur aus Shampoo.
Ein blondes kleines Kind in weiem Polohemd benutzt eine Zahnbrste an einer Frosch-Statue.
Menschen laufen eine belebte stdtische Strae entlang.
Ein Kind in grauem Kapuzenpulli hat den Rcken zur Kamera und hlt eine amerikanische Flagge hoch.
Ein kleines Mdchen geht zwischen Pflanzen und Blumen entlang.
Vier Kinder sitzen auf dem Boden neben einem Baum, der um den Stamm herum wei ist.
Gruppe von Kerlen sitzt im Kreis.
Salyo der Clown bereitet ein Ballontier fr ein kleines Mdchen in einer pinkfarbenen Jacke vor.
Drei Mnner drapieren ein Seil ber eine Strae.
Zwei junge Mnner stehen in einem Raum und halten technische Gerte.
Ein kleiner Vogel hat etwas im Schnabel.
Eine Frau in blauem Pullover steht bei einer Gruppe von anderen Frauen und zeigt auf etwas.
Zwei Mnner in Anzgen schwenken nach links, einer hlt eine Aktentasche.
Ein Gelnde-Rennfahrer rast den Weg entlang und lsst Erde in alle Richtungen fliegen.
Drei Menschen gehen in einem Dschungel an einem Strom entlang.
Zwei Erwachsene und zwei Kinder fahren auf Fahrrdern eine Strae entlang.
Schlittenhunde ziehen einen Schlitten durch einen verschneiten Wald.
Ein Mann in gelbem Hemd springt in einen von zwei Wasserfllen umgebenen See.
Ein Junge schaut auf einer Wiese durch sein Teleskop.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund an einer orangefarbenen Leine springt auf einem Feld.
Ein Fuball-Schiedsrichter zeigt auf etwas, whrend er einem Fuballspieler in Blau whrend eines Fuballspiels Anweisungen gibt.
Ein Mann in Sportkleidung geht ber einen grnen Rasen-Sportplatz, whrend ein Kameramann zuschaut.
Kisten mit Obst und Gemse warten auf einem dunklen Markt.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen, die alle in Jeeps einen zweispurigen Weg entlangfahren.
Es sieht so aus, als ob sich dieser Mann darauf vorbereitet, etwas zu backen.
Ein Lufer bewegt sich auf eine Base zu, whrend der Schlagmann versucht ihn auszutaggen
Menschen in blauen Outfits tragen Lieferungen.
Dies ist ein Bild von Afroamerikanern, die mit Durags auf dem Kopf dastehen.
Zwei Menschen auf der Bowlingbahn.
Ein blondes Mdchen mit einem Poster posiert mit einem schwarzhaarigen Mdchen.
Drei Menschen tragen viel Make-up und stehen nebeneinander.
Ein Kleinkind in einem weien Sweatshirt macht sich bereit, nach der Stange zu greifen.
Junge mit Helm fhrt bei einem Marathon auf seinem Fahrrad.
Ein Hund luft im Herbst ber eine Fugngerbrcke.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden posiert in einem Pub.
Ein Mdchen sitzt mit einem aufblasbaren Tiger in der Hand neben einem Mdchen in buntem Outfit auf einer Bank.
Eine Frau liegt am Strand neben ihrem Fahrrad.
Eine indische Nherin bearbeitet ein Stck Tuch.
Ein junger Mann springt von einer felsigen Bergspitze durch die Luft.
Menschen befrdern mithilfe von Seilen und Flaschenzgen Mbel durch das Fenster eines Gebudes im zweiten Stock.
Die drei Menschen spielen mit einem unechten Messer herum.
Der Mann trgt einen weien Hut und posiert mit einer blonden Frau und einer schwarzhaarigen Frau.
Ein Paar umarmt sich und hlt einen Plastiktiger.
Zwei Kinder sind wie Figuren in Michael Jacksons Thriller-Video angezogen.
Frau mit Sonnenbrille wird von Mann in Safari-Outfit begleitet.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke mit ausgefallenem Muster steht mit zwei Damen vor einem Club.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund spielt an einem Strand im Wasser.
Ein Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen karierten Mantel geht, gefolgt von einem jngeren anderen Mdchen, einen Flur entlang.
Sicht von oben auf mehrere Menschen, die eine Treppe hinauf- oder hinuntergehen.
Ein Mann hrt ber Kopfhrer und steht vor zwei ausgefransten amerikanischen Flaggen.
Zwei Frauen kmpfen bei einer Sportveranstaltung gegeneinander.
Drei Eisschnelllufer rennen ber die Eisbahn.
Kind in Badeanzug luft am Strand auf das Wasser zu.
Zwei Menschen gehen im Herbst hndchenhaltend die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einer bemalten Wand.
Ein Kampfsport-Gruppenkurs, einige Teilnehmer in Anzgen, andere nicht, findet in einer Anlage im Freien statt.
Kleine Jungen stellen sich bei einem Footballspiel an einem grauen Tag an der Trennlinie zwischen Offense und Defense auf.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Surfbrett auf einer groen Welle.
Drei Mdchen springen auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Wrestler lsst sich auf einen anderen Wrestler fallen, der in einem Ring liegt.
Eine Krankenschwester bereitet das Einwickeln des neugeborenen Babys vor.
Mensch auf einem Fahrrad mit einem Kegelhut auf dem Kopf und mit verschiedenen Gegenstnden im Korb vorn am Fahrrad und hinten am Fahrrad festgebunden.
Ein junger Skateboardfahrer blickt in die Ferne.
Eine Gruppe von sieben Frauen und einem Mann in einem Gebude macht Fotos und unterhlt sich.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Mantel ist bis zu den Schultern in Laub vergraben.
Ein Rennwagenfahrer lchelt und zeigt vor einem Rennen den Daumen hoch.
Ein weier Mann springt am Strand im Sand.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen hlt eine Plastiktte mit Micky Maus darin.
Ein Mann geht die Strae entlang.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund beit im Gras auf einem Tannenzapfen.
Eine arme Familie verlsst ihr Heim mit einigen wenigen Habseligkeiten.
Zwei Jungen spielen auf sehr alten architektonischen Bauten.
Mnner in einem Bro mit Computern und einer Projektorleinwand.
Ein Mann in einem T-Shirt benutzt einen Computer mit einem sehr groen Bildschirm.
Ein kleiner Junge und sein Hund liegen zusammen auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd fhrt auf einer Rampe neben einem weien Zaun Skateboard.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einem violetten Stuhl und liest ein Buch.
Eine Frau biegt bei einem Rennen um eine Kurve.
Der schwarze Hund mit dem roten Halsband schttelt sich Wasser aus dem Fell.
Eine Frau in kariertem Rock und schwarzem Oberteil spielt auf einer elektrischen Geige.
Ein Mann wartet am Straenrand in der Nhe einer Wasserflche.
Ein Mann mit Brille hrt ber Kopfhrer und schaut auf einen Computerbildschirm.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und trinkt Wein.
Ein asiatisches Paar ksst sich an seinem Hochzeitstag im Freien.
Ein Kind spielt in der Kche mit Farbe.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf der Seite eines alten weien Lasters.
Ein Mdchen spielt Kontrabass in der Nhe anderer Musiker.
Mann in schwarzem Anzug, weiem Hemd und schwarzer Fliege spielt ein Instrument im Kreis seiner restlichen Sinfonie.
Ein Mdchen in Orange schlgt den Ball beim Feldhockey.
Am Wasserrand spielen Kinder in einer Wassersprenganlage.
Ein kleines Mdchen im spielt mit Blcken.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seiner Tochter auf dem Scho auf einem roten Motorrad.
Ein Baby krabbelt auf einer Wiese herum.
Ein kleiner Junge schiebt einen erwachsenen Mann in einem Rollstuhl.
Mehrere Frauen spielen bei jemandem zuhause auf Musikinstrumenten.
Ein Hund schreitet durch Wasser und hebt mit dem Maul einen Stock auf.
Zwei Menschen stehen an einem Strand und schauen auf die Mwen und die Brandung.
Zwei Mnner laufen nebeneinander auf einem Feld.
Eine Gruppe festlich gekleideter Menschen tanzt.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen an einem Bartisch und trinken Bier aus Glsern.
Zwei Taucher unter dem Wasser haben Spa.
Ein Telefontechniker schaut von oben herunter, whrend er die Leitungen repariert.
Ein junger Mann surft.
Ein Junge in gestreiftem Hemd und Hut macht Kunststcke auf den Stufen.
Menschen berqueren nachts die Strae.
Eine junge Frau steht nahe der Strae, hinter ihr rotes Laub.
Ein Mann in einer leuchtend grnen Jacke fhrt auf einem leuchtend gelben Motorrad.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern und Frauen hockt neben einem Wasserlauf.
Ein brauner Hund rennt durch einen orangefarbenen Tunnel.
Ein groer brauner Hund rennt neben einem schwarz-weien Hund.
Eine Frau springt vom Land in einen Wassergraben.
Eine junge Frau in dunkelgrner Tenniskleidung schlgt den Ball auf.
Ein Mensch mit roter Kopfbedeckung beobachtet stehend die heranrollenden Wellen.
Ein Hund rennt mit einem Ball im Maul ber ein Feld.
Vier kleine Kinder sitzen auf hohen Sthlen an der Bar in einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Matrosenanzug mit weier Mtze ballt die Fuste und beit die Zhne zusammen.
Ein Mdchen in pinkfarbenem Hemd sitzt auf einem roten Ball.
Ein Hund stellt sich am Kchentresen auf die Hinterbeine, um an Tten zu gelangen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lcheln ein weinendes Baby an.
Mehrere Menschen in einem Heiluftballon posieren fr die Kamera und im Hintergrund ist ein Fluss.
Menschen sitzen auf dem Dach und beobachten etwas in der Ferne.
Ein Mann in hellblauem Polohemd spielt in einem Lebensmittelgeschft ein Arcade-Spiel.
Eine junge Frau in einem leuchtend pinkfarbenen Kleid posiert fr die Kamera.
Ein Mann in einem dunklen glnzenden Anzug spielt Klavier und singt auf der Bhne.
Eine Band spielt vor einem Publikum.
Ein Mann in grauem Hemd spielt Harmonika.
Cheerleader ben auf dem Feld eine Bewegung.
Ein junger Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke schlft in einem Restaurant.
Mensch auf dem Fahrrad macht auf einer weien Einzunung ein Kunststck.
Eine asiatische Frau in pinkfarbenem Hemd und hellbrauner Hose zieht an einer Stange, whrend ein kleiner Junge zuschaut.
Ein barfiger Skateboardfahrer mit freiem Oberkrper fhrt an einer Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Windhund rennen mit Maulkrben ber der Nase.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Hemd hlt ein groes Gemsebndel.
Menschen stehen oder sitzen mit traurigen und besorgten Gesichtern neben weien Zelten und schauen herum auf Bretter und Mll, die in der Gegend liegen.
Ein Kind trgt einen groen Gegenstand auf dem Kopf und schaut in die Kamera.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd stimmt seine Gitarre.
Ein Mann sinkt in ein Mikrofon und andere spielen auf Instrumenten.
Ein mit einem roten Schal und einer schwarzen Jacke bekleideter Mensch steht neben einem Motorrad vor einem kleinen Geschft am Straenrand und winkt.
Mehrere Surfer reiten auf einer Welle, die sich dem Strand nhert.
Zwei kleine, lchelnde afrikanische Kinder in bunter Kleidung tragen einen Wasserkrug.
Ein Sportler macht eine Pause und sitzt wassertrinkend im Gras.
Eisschnelllufer in blauem Anzug fhrt Rennen gegen andere Eislufer.
Ein Junge dreht auf einem Hof eine Kurbel.
Ein Junge in rotem Sweatshirt harkt Laub auf einen Haufen.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Schreibtisch und hat einen groen Stapel Papier auf dem Scho.
Ein Hund mit einer orangefarbenen Weste tollt verspielt durchs Gras.
Eine Tennis spielende Frau bereitet sich auf den Aufschlag vor.
In Gummischuhen hlt sie das Gleichgewicht und erledigt schnell die bevorstehende Aufgabe.
Mnner und Frauen gehen an einem Knstler auf dem Gehsteig vorbei.
Ein Mann auf einem blauem Surfbrett fhrt auf einer Welle.
Zwei Mnner halten die Arme vom Krper weggestreckt.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt mit einem blauen Spielzeug in Knochenform an einem Maschendrahtzaun vorbei.
Dies ist ein kleines blau-grn-weies Handbuch.
Ein Mann auf einem braunen Pferd posiert vor einer Bergszenerie.
Ein  kleiner Junge hebt die Hand und steht zwischen vielen orangefarbenen Krbissen.
Zwei Menschen sitzen an einem Tisch vor einem Gebude.
Das kleines Mdchen tackelt einen Mann und macht das universelle Zeichen fr Touchdown!.
Ein Mdchen in bunter Kleidung springt auf einem Bett mit einer Decke aus farbigen Blcken.
Drei Orcawale springen in einem SeaWorld-Schwimmbecken.
Ein Junge im Teenageralter in blau-weier Spielkleidung spielt eine Hockey-Art.
Eine Frau hlt einen kleinen Jungen beim Rutschen auf der Wasserrutsche ins Schwimmbecken.
Eine Gruppe von Jungs hlt einen anderen Jungen und posiert fr ein Foto vor einem Anhnger mit Graffiti.
Drei Schwimmer treten bei einem Schwimmtreffen gegeneinander an.
Ein Kind springt neben einem Haufen Seetang ins Wasser.
Ein brauner Hund springt durchs Gras.
Der deutsche Schferhund jagt dem Ball hinterher.
Ein deutscher Schferhund springt links von ungleichmigem Gras.
Mehrere Menschen mit Kronen oder grellbunten Hten und geschminkten Gesichtern lcheln.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Percke und andere Leute in Kostmen haben sich versammelt.
Eine Person in einer Regenbogen-Percke und bunter Kleidung zeigt einer Frau etwas.
Alte Frau mit fehlenden Zhnen steht mit einem Metallgegenstand in der Hand da.
Kleine Menge steht abends an einem Meeresstrand.
Es sind vier Schler zu sehen, einer davon schreibt.
Drei Mdchen sitzen an Schreibtischen und scheinen intensiv zu arbeiten.
Ein Mdchen sitzt an einem Schreibtisch und liest Zeitung.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen arbeitet in einem UNICEF-Lager.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt eine grne Schaufel.
Eine Frau in Gelb trgt ein Kind im Wasser.
Mnner versuchen Ballons und Blle zu verkaufen.
Eine Gruppe lterer Hndler verkauft Ballons und Spielzeuge am Straenrand.
Mann steht an einem Stand mit Essen und Getrnken.
Ein Mann, ein Mdchen und ein als Nonne verkleidetes Mdchen proben in der Kche vor Hotdog-Zutaten.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern isst Kuchen.
Zwei mnnliche Personen, eine in einem schwarzen Hemd und die andere in einem gestreiften Pullover, kochen.
Eine Frau mit Tauchausrstung macht sich bereit, ins Wasser zu springen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern und zwei Erwachsene sitzen auf einer Bank.
Zwei Fuballspieler treten einen Fuball.
Eine Frau in einem weinroten Schal sitzt und schaut ber ein weies Gelnder.
Drei dnne Frauen in bunten Kleidern.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in schwarzen Hemden geht auf nassem Zement durch einen Park.
Zwei Hunde spielen im Freien neben dem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit weiem Helm klettert.
Ein brauner Hund sitzt am Strand.
Ein kleiner schwarz-weier Hund schaut einen anderen braunen Hund an.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt in einem Becken.
Ein Baseball-Werfer wirft den Ball.
Radfahrer schaut einen Unfall anderer Sport-Radfahrer an.
Ein Limonadenverkufer in kariertem Hemd vor seinem Limonadenstand.
Ein Pilot am Fenster eines British-Airways-Flugzeugs.
Ein Mdchen hat den Arm um einen Jungen gelegt, der sein Gedicht verdeckt.
Eine Frau nht auf ihrer Veranda.
Ein Mann und ein Junge ringen in einem Haus.
Die unteren Hlften von zwei Kids spielen Fuball.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund mit einem blauen Hundespielzeug im Maul luft ber einen grasbewachsenen Hof.
Eine nasse Bulldogge schttelt sich Wasser aus dem Fell.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten eine Heiratsurkunde in die Hhe.
Ein wei-schwarzer Hund rennt auf einem Weg.
Drei Kinder in blauen Hemden schaukeln auf einer Schaukel.
Mehrere Kinder schauen in Mikroskope und werden dabei von Erwachsenen betreut.
Zwei Kommandos mit Schusswaffe neben einer Treppe und ein alter Mann mit einem Hut in der Hand sitzt auf den Stufen.
Ein blonder Mann springt von einem Felsen ins Wasser.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und weiem Kittel schneidet mit einem Fleischerbeil ein gehutetes Huhn.
Zwei Mnner albern herum und eine Frau sieht ihnen zu.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Outfit schiebt ein berdachtes Holzboot mit einem Mast, und eine schwarz gekleidete Frau ist Passagierin.
Drei Menschen sammeln Gras von schlammigem Wasser.
Ein Mann segelt im Meer.
Ein kleiner Hund jagt einen anderen Hund ber das Gras.
Ein Snowboardfahrer fliegt von einer Schanze neben einem groen roten atomic-Schild.
Speisende sitzen im Restaurant an Tischen.
Ein lterer Mann in einem braunen Anzug sitzt auf einer Bank am Wasser.
Zwei braun-weier Hund rennen durchs Gras.
Ein grn gekleideter Mann springt mit seinem Skateboard auf der Strae.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einem Sitz.
Ein kleines Mdchen guckt in die Kamera, whrend sich eine Gruppe von Menschen, vielleicht eine Familie, im Hinterhof versammelt.
Ein junger, brnetter Mann springt lchelnd ber ein Metallgelnder.
Eine unscharfe Nahaufnahme von einem Mann in einem grnen Hemd und hellbrauner Hose.
Ein Mann geht neben einem gelben Fahrrad auf einem Gehsteig-
Ein Mann in einem blauen Pullover spricht mit einer graukpfigen Dame.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Motorrad den Gehsteig entlang.
Ein brauner Hund springt von einem Felsen in einen See.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters sieht die Frau mittleren Alters an.
Drei kleine Jungen, ein kleines Mdchen und ein kleiner Hund spielen in einem Fort aus Stcken.
Menschen gehen in einem unterirdischen Tunnel eine Rampe entlang.
Ein Surfer reitet auf den hereinbrechenden Wellen, ein anderer folgt ihm nach.
Ein Mann liegt auf dem Boden und repariert einen Reifen.
Mann auf einem Mountainbike springt in die Luft.
Kleine weie Hunde mit Maulkrben rennen im Gras.
Eine Frau mit blauem Gesicht hat den Finger neben die Nase gelegt.
Ein Hund rennt durch den Wald.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf einer Veranda, einer von ihnen streichelt einen gelben Hund.
Ein junger Mann steht in einer berfllten Gegend.
Drei Jungen in farblich passenden Fliegen und Westen treten mit einer Gruppe auf.
Zwei Frauen halten Blumen und kssen einander auf die Wange.
Zwei schne Damen zeigen die tief ausgeschnittenen Rckansichten ihrer Kleider.
Ein Mdchen springt in einen Bltterhaufen.
Ein Mann trgt Brille, ein blaues Hemd mit schwarzer Jacke und ein Lcheln.
Zwei Mnner posieren fr ein Foto auf einem Kamera-Telefon.
Zwei Mnner mit Sonnenbrillen auf dem Kopf stehen einander in einer Menschenmenge gegenber.
Collegestudenten sitzen auf dem Boden und jubeln fr irgendetwas.
Eine Frau in einem roten Sweatshirt und einer weien Schrze wscht eine groe Pfanne in einer Sple.
Unscharfe Menschen gehen nachts durch die Stadt.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten in einer Kche und bereiten Pizza vor, die in einem Ofen hinter ihnen gebacken werden sollen.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt auf einer Bank an einer Bushaltestelle.
Eine ltere Person mit weiem Hut liest ein Taschenbuch.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer hngt vor einem Publikum in der Luft.
Ein lterer Mann in pinkfarbenem Hemd und schwarzer Weste spielt Flte und schaut auf sein Notenblatt.
Eine Gruppe von Motorradfahrern bei einem Rennen.
Ein Mann in einer gelben Sicherheitsweste hilft bei der Vorbereitung eines Flugzeugs.
Eine Versammlung von Menschen mit Computern und Videokameras.
Zwei Erwachsene mit Helm albern herum, im Hintergrund Berglandschaft.
Zwei braune Hunde auf einer Wiese, einer springt nach einem Ball.
Ein Mann liest ein Blatt Papier neben gelagertem Schweinefleisch.
Ein Hund luft in Las Vegas durch eine Wasserpftze.
Eine Frau in rot-schwarzer Jacke mit Fahrradhelm sitzt auf einem Mountainbike.
Vier Frauen stehen zusammen und posieren fr ein Bild.
Vor einem panoramaartigen Hintergrund einer Bergsicht wird eine Frau mit Fahrradhelm und Sonnenbrille fotografiert.
Eine Person in Grn surft auf einer Welle.
Zwei Menschen in einem Zelt nahe einer Ziegelmauer.
Ein Mann an seinem Schreibtisch liest auf seinem Computerbildschirm.
Ein pink gekleideter Mann und ein schwarz gekleideter Mann sitzen und reden, einer trinkt etwas.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Wagen und verkauft irgendeine Art von Sigkeiten.
Drei Mnner stehen auf einer Klippe mit Blick auf Berge und das Meer.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Kopfbedeckung sieht sich zusammen mit einem anderen Mann Fotos an.
Eine Frau in gestreiftem Hemd badet gerade ein Baby.
Ein Mann in einer weien Robe steht und spricht zu sitzenden Menschen.
Ein Mann in braunem Hemd und Jeans macht ein Kunststck auf seinem Fahrrad.
Eine Turnerin in Schwarz und Rot wird am Barren trainiert.
Ein Mann, berwiegend in Lederkleidung, steht in einem Unterhaltungsbereich des Nachtlebens.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen tragen Vampirkostme.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd sitzt auf einem felsigen Berg.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Regenstiefeln spaziert im Park.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby hoch und macht eine Grimasse.
Ein Mann versucht einen anderen Mann zu schubsen, der einen Ball trgt.
Zwei kleine Mdchen, eins in Schwarz und Blau, ben auf Schwebebalken.
Fnf Frauen und drei Hunde posieren fr ein Bild.
Ein Mann in gelbem Hemd mit goldener Sonnenmaske vor dem Gesicht.
Zwei als Tiere verkleidete Personen posieren fr die Kamera.
Kind in grauem Kapuzenpulli steht am Fu einer roten Plastikrutsche.
Eine winkende Person hngt von einer Seilrutsche.
Eine Dame mit Brille hlt ein Baby, das zu ihr aufschaut.
Eine kleine Menschenmenge springt in die Luft.
Eine Frau mit pinkfarbenen Stirnfransen und ein Kind sitzen an einem Tisch und wollen gleich essen.
Ein Mann in gelbem Hemd singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann mit dunkler Haut in einem gelb-bordeauxroten Hemd steuert eine Maschine.
Ein Hund steht auf einer Zementplattform und schaut auf Schutt herunter.
Ein Hockeyspieler versucht ein Tor zu machen, whrend der Torhter und ein anderer Spieler zuschauen.
Ein weier Hund rennt im Laub.
Ein dunkelbrauner Hund luft durchs Wasser und hlt einen orangefarbenen Ball im Maul.
Ein Mann hilft einem anderen Mann in einem Hof dabei, einen Backflip zu machen.
Zwei Menschen in zwei Kajaks paddeln an der Kste, im Hintergrund sind Bume auf einem Hgel.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Trenchcoat spricht mit einem Wachmann in einer Mall.
Ein Mann mit braunem Haar und mit Brille schaut zu jemandem auf und lacht.
Fnf Menschen prfen im Freien in einem Waldgebiet Fahrrder.
Mann in einer rot-schwarz-weien Jacke fhrt auf einem Fahrrad ber einen gepflasterten Weg in einem Park.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt im Laub.
Ein Mann hlt ein Mikrofon an den Mund und wird von hinten grn beleuchtet.
Ein Knstler bearbeitet eine Statue.
Militrische Bodenstreitkrfte bereiten sich nachts darauf vor auszuziehen.
Eine Dame mit rotem Haar bereitet Essen zu.
Ein Mann rutscht mit seinem Snowboard ber eine Betonbank und Menschen schauen zu.
Menschen kaufen in einem asiatischen Markt ein.
Eine Person in Rot liegt in einem Park auf einer Bank, und zwei Paare sitzen auf anderen Bnken zusammen.
Ein Mann fhrt in strmischem Wasser Kajak.
Ein Mann in blauem Trikot schiet einen Ball und ein anderer Mann schaut zu.
Ein unglckliches Kleinkind sitzt auf dem Gehsteig.
Ein Mann in Jeans baut eine Skulptur im Sand.
Rugbyspieler treten bei einem Match gegeneinander an.
Ein Mann schwimmt zusammen mit einem Kind in Rettungsweste im Schwimmbecken.
Diese zwei Kinder und der Hund rennen ber eine Wiese.
Mwen verlassen ihren Felsen, als Wellen dagegenschlagen.
Eine Menge Menschen sind auf der Achterbahn.
Ein kleines Kind balanciert auf einem Arm eine Platte in der Luft.
Zwei Frauen stehen neben einer mit Reklame gepflasterten Wand.
Ein Brutigam hlt an einem regnerischen Tag die Schleppe seiner Braut, damit sie nicht nass wird.
Eine Hochzeitsgesellschaft sieht zu, wie Braut und Brutigam sich kssen.
Junge Frau in Sommerkleidung springt an einer felsigen Kste auf und ab.
Eine Rudermannschaft rudert in einem grn-roten Boot.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd mit Blumen schaut nach unten.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Overalls, einer hlt ein bandagiertes Mdchen.
Ein Typ in marineblau-gelben Shorts springt in ein Schwimmbecken-
Eine Gruppe von fnf jungen Erwachsenen faulenzt drinnen.
Ein Monstertruck steigt in einer Arena in die Luft.
Ein kleines Mdchen trgt einen Helm und macht sich bereit, Roller zu fahren.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt in einer Wasserfontne.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar posiert drauen in Hochzeitskleidung.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar tanzt und hat Geld auf der Kleidung.
Dem Brutigam mit verbundenen Augen wird ein gutmtiger Streich gespielt, whrend seine frischgebackene Frau amsiert zuschaut.
Ein hellbrauner Hund mit schwarzem Halsband und sein Herrchen spielen in ihrer Freizeit herum.
Ein Mann in Geschftskleidung steht neben einem orange-grnen Taxi.
Einige Menschen stehen in einer gepflasterten Gasse, einige gehen und ein Mensch fhrt Fahrrad.
Zwei Damen und ein Mdchen ruhen unter einem Schatten spendenden Baum.
Der Skifahrer trgt einen gelben Overall und rutscht ber ein gelbes Gelnder.
Basketballspieler nehmen an einem Spiel teil.
Das Feldhockey-Team versucht, ein Tor zu erzielen.
Ein Mann beobachtet vom Schiffsdeck aus die Wellen, whrend er ein Seil anbindet.
Ein korpulentes Paar sitzt auf Gartensthlen im Gras, zu den Fen ist ein brauner Hund-
Ein Fechtkurs findet auf einem Basketballcourt statt. 
Skaterboy macht ein Kunststck und wird in der Luft fotografiert.
Zwei Mnner spielen Eishockey.
Ein Mann sieht zu, wie eine Frau in braunem Mantel mit einer anderen Frau in grauem Mantel spricht.
Drei Mdchen stehen zusammen und machen Peace-Zeichen mit den Hnden.
Kinder spielen im Herbst mit Blttern.
Der Junge hpft in die Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge trgt eine blau-rote Jacke und harkt Laub.
Ein Haufen Steine und eine Gruppe von Menschen drumherum.
Jemand macht in einem Skate-Park ein Kunststck mit einem Skateboard und Leute schauen zu.
Ein Mann und eine Frau trinken nachts im Freien Bier.
Vier Ureinwohnerkinder treten vor einer Gruppe von Menschen auf.
Jemand bringt ein braunes Kanu zum See.
Ein Paar lsst den Anblick eines stdtischen Platz bei Sonnenuntergang auf sich wirken.
Ein Mann und ein Wolf im arktischen Schnee.
Zwei kleine Mdchen lachen auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Mnnlicher Turner an den Ringen.
Der Krankenwagen auf dem Tieflader hatte einen Zusammensto.
Drei Frauen sitzen auf einer grnen Bank und blicken auf die Kste hinaus.
Ein Mdchen in roter Hose fhrt Moped.
Schiffsarbeiter posieren unterwegs fr ein Foto in Rettungswesten.
Ein Mann geniet ein Jahrmarktspiel, whrend sein Freund zuschaut.
Jemand fhrt drei Pferde vor dem Sonnenuntergang weg.
Nahaufnahme eines einzigartigen Flugzeugs mit einer einzelnen Frau in der Mitte.
Ein Mann trgt ein T-Shirt, auf dem ein Baby zu sehen ist, das mit einem Teddybr vgelt.
Ein Radfahrer versucht ein Kunststck auf einer Treppe im Freien.
Eine Menschenmenge hat sich um einen Mann herum versammelt und sieht einem Auftritt zu.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Blau lchelt und spielt auf einer Seilschaukel.
Ein Kind und ein Erwachsener gucken einander an.
Ein Typ in schwarzem Hemd und Jeans sitzt auf einer Couch und an der Wand hinter ihm sind bunte Schmetterlinge.
Eine indische Dame webt eine Decke.
Eine Menschenmenge steht vor Gebuden in italienischem Stil.
Ein Hund trgt Hemd und Kopfbedeckung und ist an einen Stuhl angekettet.
Jemand in einem roten Hemd fllt von einem weien Surfbrett.
Eine Frau in Grau sitzt neben einem Kinderwagen an einem Picknicktisch.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Tanktop fhrt eine Festivalrutsche herunter.
Drei Kinder stehen vor zwei groen Reifen.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einem Skateboard mitten auf der Strae.
Kinder spielen ein informelles Hockeyspiel.
Ein Kind in einem blauen Hemd luft auf der Strae und hlt zwei Finger hoch.
Zwei Menschen whlen in einem Laden nach Kleidung.
Ein Geschft ist geschlossen und ein Mdchen schaut hinein auf eine Wschekollektion.
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid spricht ber ein Mobiltelefon.
Zwei Menschen mit Fahrrdern, der vordere rennt mit dem Fahrrad und der hintere fhrt.
Peperoni kochen im Winter!
Zwei Motorradfahrer fahren zu zweit auf einem Bike die Strae entlang.
Kleines Kind in blauem Hemd macht ein Kunststck auf Rollerblades.
Eine Menschenmenge hat sich im Freien vor verschieden Zelten versammelt, die meisten davon mit weiem Dach.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen rudert bei einem Wettrennen in einem Boot.
Eine Gruppe alter Mnner gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann zeigt einen groen Hammer.
Ein kleiner dunkelhutiger Junge in einem groen Hemd sitzt neben einem groen Haufen Sandalen.
Mehrere in dunklen Farben gekleidete Jungen sitzen.
Zwei kleine Kinder, ein Junge und ein Mdchen, gehen einen Holzweg durch den Wald entlang.
Ein Junge hlt auf der Strae eine Kiste.
Eine Dame in einem roten Pullover und blauem Jeansrock bowlt mit einer orangefarbenen Kugel.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen rudert in einem Boot nahe einer Stadt.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Schwimmbecken hlt den Daumen vor der Kamera hoch, ein anderer schwimmt weg.
Ein Skateboardfahrer ist bei einem Kunststck in der Luft.
Der Mann dreht mit der Welle auf seinem Surfbrett.
Ein Polizist schlgt einen Mann nieder whrend andere fliehen.
Ein Mann in blauem Outfit beschliet, sich inmitten einer Demonstration in den Schritt zu fassen.
Ein kleiner Junge kickt nach den Herbstblttern unter seinen Fen.
Ein Mann in hellbraunem Mantel streckt den Arm aus, um die Parade zu fotografieren, die Mnner in Anzgen und mit Aktentaschen enthlt.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einer Bank neben einem Baum und putzt einen Schuh.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit rotem Halsband schnffelt am Boden.
Ein Eishockey spielender Junge liegt verletzt auf dem Eis.
Menschen erhalten Essen von einem Essensstand am Wasser.
Ein Mann in Schwarz sitzt in einem Restaurant.
Ein kleines Mdchen tritt einen Fuball im Gras.
Ein Hund rennt mit einer groen Platte im Maul.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf Bnken und drei Mnner stehen.
Ein Cricket-Schlagman wurde ber den mittleren Stump rausgeworfen.
Frauen in kurzen Rcken gehen zu einer Party.
Zwei Jungs die nach College aussehen bereiten in der Kche Essen zu.
Vier Kinder sind im Freien in einer Reihe mit durchgedrcktem Rcken.
Fugnger und Radfahrer berqueren eine belebte Strae.
Eine frhliche Familie sitzt in Kreis im Wohnzimmer und spielt Domino.
Ein junger Mann macht Fallschirmsegeln im Meer.
Ein afrikanischer Junge in traditioneller Kleidung wird von zwei anderen Jungen und einer Frau begleitet.
Ein Motorrad macht vor einer Gruppe von Menschen einen Wheelie.
Ein Basketballspieler in weier Spielkleidung macht einen Sprungwurf gegen eine Mannschaft in schwarzer Spielkleidung.
Drei kleine Mdchen liegen auf weien Kissen.
Eine Frau in violettem Oberteil schiebt ein Fahrrad zwischen zwei Steinsulen hindurch.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund schwimmt im Becken.
Das Mdchen im pinkfarbenen gestreiften Hemd steht mit ausgestrecktem Arm im Eingang.
Drei Wanderer sind in der Nhe eines Berges.
Sechs Hunde bei einem Wettrennen.
Ein Mann schweit etwas auf einem Betonschalstein.
Navysoldaten stehen an einem roten Teppich und salutieren, als ihr Vorgesetzter vorbeikommt.
Eine Cheerleadertruppe tritt vor einem Publikum auf.
Eine alte Frau in langem weiem Rock tritt aus einem Geschft auf eine Steinstrae.
Ein Hund luft durch ein Feld.
Drei rot und schwarz gekleidete Menschen stehen von einer beigefarbenen Wand mit Graffiti auf einem Gehsteig.
Ein brauner und ein schwarzer Hund schwimmen in einem Fluss.
Ein Mann steht mit vier Hunden am Strand an der Kste.
Zwei warm angezogene kleine Kinder suchen zusammen einen Gegenstand.
Zwei Spieler in rot-wei-blauem Footballdress hocken auf dem Feld.
Der Mann in den blauen Shorts rudert.
Drei Mnner sitzen vor einer Htte um ein Feuer herum.
Ein kleiner Junge fhrt in einem kleinen Boot.
Snowboardfahrer macht im Schnee einen Stunt auf seinem Board.
Ein Junge hockt und macht ein Kuss-Gesicht.
Ein kleiner Junge springt von einem Stapel Reifen im Wald.
Ein bergewichtiger Mann sitzt in der Kabine eines Lasters.
Zwei Menschen in der U-Bahn schlafen in der Ecke.
Baby schlft auf einer Decke im Gras.
Ein Surfer surft auf dem Surfbrett ber die raue See.
Ein Mann macht einen einarmigen Handstand im Gras.
Ein Junge fhrt mit einem kleineren Jungen hinter sich auf einem Fahrrad die Strae entlang.
Junge Mnner spielen Basketball bei einem Turnier.
Zwei Kinder tauchen nebeneinander in einen Fluss.
Ein Mdchen in blauem Hemd luft mit einer Lunchbox.
Eine Frau trgt ein Kostm und eine groe Feder am Hut.
Paar ksst sich auf offener Strae.
Menschen gehen an den chinesischen Lden vorbei und ein Mann sitzt im Freien an einem Tisch mit einem Laptop und Reklame.
Ein ffentlicher Verkehrszug fhrt durch eine Stadt.
Ein Mann mit blauer Kappe sitzt auf einem Stuhl unter einem Baum.
Mehrere kleine Mdchen stehen auf einer Landstrae.
Ein Mann mit schwarzrandiger Brille und Schnurrbart redet.
Ein Beschftigter der ffentlichen Versorgungsbetriebe misst ein Gebude.
Ein Surfer in gelbem Hemd reitet auf einem weien Surfbrett auf einer Welle.
Ein Mann trgt ein rotes Bandana.
Der deutsche Schferhund grbt ein groes Loch in den Sand.
Ein kleiner Junge in Blau rennt durch einen braunen Bltterhaufen.
Ein Junge auf einem Skateboard ist oben auf einer Rampe.
Ein kleiner Junge streckt sich und springt.
Menschen versammeln sich bei einer Weihnachtsfeier im Freien um einen Weihnachtsbaum, manche tragen Nikolausmtzen.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber ein Feld und hten Schafe.
Eine junge Frau in einem grnen Tanktop geht mit ihrem Hund auf einer unbefestigten Strae Gassi.
Ein Mann steht auf dem Boden und ein anderer auf dem Dach.
Eine Menschenmenge an der belebten Ecke der 18th Street vor der Bank of America.
Der schwarze Hund am Zaun rennt im Gras.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen holt Essen von einer Salatbar.
Eine Frau hlt sich am Abendbrottisch vor Lachen die Hnde vors Gesicht.
Ein Mdchen steht auf zwei dnnen Baumstmmen und fotografiert einen Bffel hinter einem Fluss.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer erhhten Plattform hinter einem dekorativen Bogen.
Afroamerikanische Kinder spielen auf einer Strae vor einem gelben Auto.
Ein Mann rennt mit seinem Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen baut Lebkuchenhuser.
Arbeiter gehen Bahngleise entlang, die in einen Tunnel fhren.
Eine Frau hlt eine Geldbrse und wartet, dass der Passagierzug vorbeifhrt.
Ein kleines Mdchen kichert und spielt mit einem Spielzeug.
Zwei Jungen essen Eiscrem und halten die Hand einer erwachsenen Person.
Zwei Kids spielen in Scken auf dem Boden.
Ein Basketballspieler im weien Trikot macht sich bereit, whrend eines Spiels den Ball zurck ins Spiel zu passen.
Jemand fhrt seitwrts auf einem Motorrad.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in verschiedenen Weischattierungen tritt in einem Aktivittszentrum auf der Bhne auf.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen in einem Haus.
Kleine Kinder spielen in einer kleinen gelb-blauen Rhre.
Zwei Kleinkinder posieren fr die Kamera.
Mann in roter Jacke zeigt mit einer Hand den Daumen hoch und hlt in der anderen ein Ticket.
Eine Person flstert einer anderen etwas ins Ohr.
Zwei japanische Damen in bunten Kimonos.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad rast und in der Ferne ist ein Auto.
Zwei kleine Kinder mit Wollmtzen und Fustlingen halten sich die Hnde vor den Mund, whrend sie miteinander flstern.
Eine Person macht mit dem Fahrrad Kunststcke auf einer Holzrampe.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Klippe mit Blick auf einen Wald und einen See.
Ein Mann in blauer Kleidung trgt ein Subway-Sandwich-Schild auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Hund liegt auf der Seite auf einem Gehweg, hat die Schnauze geffnet und zeigt seine Zhne.
Ein lterer Mann schneidet mehrere Kokosnsse ab.
Ein Hund mit braun-weiem Fell hlt seine Schnauze geffnet, um einen grnen Ball zu fangen.
Ein Snger singt auf der Bhne und im Hintergrund steht ein Gitarrist.
Ein Fotograf hlt eine Scheibe hoch, die ein Bild von einem hnlich aussehenden Mann zeigt, von dem er ein Foto macht.
Ein Rastaman mit Dreadlocks schneidet Frchte auf.
Eine Frau schreibt auf eine Post-it-Haftnotiz, die an einem Brett mit vielen leuchtend bunten Post-its befestigt ist.
Ein Junge mit einem roten Hut und einer blauen Jacke schiebt einen Pflug durch den Schnee.
Zwei Hunde, ein weier und ein brauner Hund, laufen nebeneinander in der Nhe einer Wiese.
Vor der Fassade eines Restaurants ist eine Warmhalteplatte sowie eine kochende Person in einem roten Coca-Cola-Oberteil zu sehen.
Es sind zwei Motorrder mit einem Mann und einer Frau darauf zu sehen.
Ein Hund spielt am Strand.
Eine blonde Frau in einer Schrze gibt Zutaten in eine Schssel.
Ein Mann mit Bart und eine Frau in einem Kleid halten einen Becher.
Zwei Frauen mit langem Haar posieren fr ein Bild.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lcheln in die Kamera.
Drei Mnner stehen in einer Bar mit einem lilafarbenen Tresen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Anzug steht neben zwei Frauen.
Ein Mann hlt sich beim Klettern an der Unterseite eines Felsvorsprungs fest.
Medizinisches Personal in Arbeitskleidung ist um einen Tisch herum versammelt.
Ein Mann in einem Neoprenanzug surft im blauem Wasser.
Bauarbeiter in orangefarbener Kleidung reparieren eine Strae.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbener Kleidung sammeln Mll von der Strae auf.
Sechs Kinder aus der Nachbarschaft spielen im Schnee.
Zwei Menschen tragen ein Halstuch ber ihrem Gesicht, einer von ihnen hlt ein Megafon.
Ein Hund befindet sich in weiem Schnee.
Mnner teilen Essen von einer Ladeflche aus.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Pullover gibt einer Frau in einer braunen Jacke eine Tasche mit Essen.
Fnf Mnner helfen bei der Beladung eines Lastwagens, whrend ihnen drei Frauen zuschauen.
Ein kleiner weier Vogel betrachtet einen kleinen Gegenstand.
Junge Mnner in weien Trikots spielen eine Variante des Rollhockeys.
Frauen nehmen an einem Sketch auf der Bhne teil.
Zwei Sportler ringen auf dem Boden einer Sporthalle, whrend mehrere Leute daneben stehen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil luft unter dem Bogen, auf dem "SAMSUNG" steht, hindurch.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre auf einer Bhne mit farbenfroher Beleuchtung.
Eine Personengruppe wandert im Wald.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann unterhalten sich freundlich in einem Bro.
Eine Frau steht steht an einem Pult.
Viele Personen sitzen an mehreren Tischen.
Zwei Frauen heben eine Tasche mit Konserven hoch.
Ein Surfer macht einen Salto an einer Welle.
Ein Mann hebt mit seinem Surfbrett ab.
Eine Frau sitzt mit einem Kind an einem Webstuhl und stellt Stoffe her.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen tanzen zusammen.
Partygste einer Rave-Veranstaltung stehen neben einem Tisch, der mit Leuchtstben dekoriert ist.
Die blonde Frau schlgt auf ein Instrument.
Ein Mann steht in einem Nachtclub mit hochgereckten Hnden inmitten von einer Menschenmenge.
Ein junges Paar unterhlt sich in einem angesagten Club.
Hunde laufen im Wasser.
Ein dicker brauner Hund steht ber einem kleinen weien Hund.
Eine Frau trgt ihr Kind in einem Krankenhauszimmer.
Ein Mdchen schwimmt im blau-grnen Meer.
Zwei Personen in schwarzen Pullovern trainieren an einem einsamen Strand.
Ein kleiner Hund springt im Sand herum.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Oberteil steht in einem Gebude neben einer Topfpflanze.
Eine Schlange von Menschen wartet in der Elektronikabteilung eines Walmart-Geschfts.
Mehrere Personen lehnen sich ber eine Seite der Brcke und schauen ins Wasser.
Ein Mann spricht mit einer lachenden Frau.
Auf einer Tanzflche befinden sich zwei Frauen und andere tanzende Menschen.
Eine Frau trgt einen Teller mit Wassermelone auf einer Party beziehungsweise einer kleineren Veranstaltung.
Mehrere Personen tanzen in einem dunklen Nachtclub, whrend ein Mann Schlagzeug spielt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lcheln in einem Nachtclub.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Schwimmanzug steht auf einem roten Surfbrett am Strand.
Ein Mann in Jeans und braunem Oberteil spielt Gitarre und singt.
Mehrere Personen in indischer Kleidung reden miteinander.
Vier Menschen spazieren am Strand.
Jockeys rennen mit ihren Pferden auf einer grnen Wiese um die Wette.
Drei Bauarbeiter besprechen sich, wie das Projekt angegangen wird.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in altmodischer Kleidung sitzen drauen an einem Tisch.
Ein lterer Herr arbeitet an seinem Schreibtisch mit zwei Monitoren.
Ein Mann bedient eine Fernsehkamera hoch oben in einem vollen Stadion.
Ein nasser schwarzer Hund schttelt sich ab.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Pelzmnteln laufen auf einer Backsteinstrae.
Ein Mann will auf seiner Gitarre spielen.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer grnen E-Gitarre und steht vor einem Mikrofon.
Drei Mnner einer Band treten auf einer Bhne auf.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzer Kleidung posieren fr ein Foto neben einem farbenfreudigen Gebude.
Ein Hund rennt ber den laubbedeckten Boden.
Eine Person in roter Kleidung fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf einem Feldweg.
Ein Hund mit einer Frisbeescheibe im Schnee.
Zwei Mnner treten auf. Beide spielen Gitarre und einer von ihnen singt auerdem.
Eine Menschenmenge steht vor einem Stadion an.
Viele Personen kaufen und verkaufen Fisch auf einem Fischmarkt.
Ein Mann steht neben einer Frau, die als Polizistin verkleidet ist.
Ein Mann macht im Spiegel ein Foto von sich und einem schreienden Kind im Kinderwagen.
Ein lterer Mann mit Vans-Schuhen spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Pullover und einer Gitarre trinkt auf der Bhne aus einer Dose.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Schlagzeug.
Eine Frau in einem Mantel luft auf einem Gehweg, der mit Weihnachtsbeleuchtung geschmckt ist.
Ein Musiker spielt mit seiner alten, roten Gitarre in der ffentlichkeit.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil und blauen Jeans hlt ein Mikrofon, whrend eine Band mit ihm auftritt.
Ein Fotograf macht ein Foto von einem Mobile mit Vgeln.
Ein Hund macht die Schnauze weit auf und versucht etwas zu beien.
Zwei Mnner spielen E-Gitarre.
Zwei Mnner gestikulieren und posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann spielt auf dem Schlagzeug.
Ein Mann luft auf einem Gehweg neben einem Schild.
Ein junges Mdchen mit einem blauen Kleid und einem Diadem schminkt sich vor dem Spiegel.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil hlt eine weie Kiste vor einem Tisch, auf dem zwei Kaffeetassen neben einer anderen Person stehen.
Ein Junge hlt eine Brste ber einem Waschbecken.
Eine Frau schreibt etwas auf ein Papier an einem Schreibtisch, der neben Betonwnden mit Graffiti und einem Tisch mit Schutt steht.
Straenverkufer verkaufen in verschiedenen Waren, zum Beispiel Ananas und Fublle.
Ein Mitglied einer Band singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein hellbrauner Hund hat ein gelbes Spielzeug in der Schnauze.
Zwei Mnner schtteln sich die Hnde und lcheln in die Kamera, whrend ein dritter Mann hinter ihnen steht.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Mllcontainer neben einen Weg mit einem Haufen aufgestapelter Ratten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau laufen auf einem stdtischen Weg mit kleinen Lden auf beiden Seiten.
Zwei Mnner in Kanus auf einem See.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen tanzt Line Dance in einem abgedunkelten Raum.
Drei Personen stehen vor Spielautomaten.
Mehrere Mnner mit volkstmlichen Hten betrachten den Fotografen auf einem Markt.
Eine Frau lacht und eine andere betrachtet sie dabei.
Ein Polizist in einer gelben Warnweste fhrt auf einem Motorrad und winkt in die Kamera.
Ein Mann luft an einem Gebude mit vielen Schildern vorbei.
Frauen und Mnner demonstrieren drauen an einem sonnigen Tag mit Schildern.
Mnner in gelben Jacken fahren Motorrad.
Ein Mann schaut auf eine Sammlung von Lampen aus geblasenem Glas und auf andere kleine Gegenstnde aus Glas herab.
Es findet eine Demonstration fr die Untersttzung von Schulen statt.
Mehrere Erwachsene und Kinder protestieren fr eine kleinere Anzahl von Schlern in den Klassen.
Eine Gruppe von jungen Menschen steht vor einem anstigen Graffiti.
Eine Gruppe von Aufstndischen formiert sich in einer Linie neben einem umgedrehten Auto.
Die Demonstranten kmpfen fr Kinderrechte.
Zwei junge Frauen umarmen sich und lehnen sich an eine Steinmauer am Strand.
Ein Mann surft in einem schwarz-blauen Neoprenanzug.
Ein bergewichtiger Mann sitzt an einem roten Schlagzeug und spielt darauf.
Mdchen spielen wettbewerbsorientiert Basketball.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Zopf und einem schwarzen Fuballtrikot bereitet sich auf den Abschuss des Balls vor.
Schferhunde laufen auf der Weide.
Eine Frau in einem roten Trgerhemd steht mit gereckten Hnden auf einer grnen Matte.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen T-Shirt und blauen Schuhen spielt an einem Bass.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper spielt an einem roten Schlagzeug.
Ein Mdchen trgt ein schickes Kleid und ein Diadem.
Eine Person schwimmt in seichtem, trkisen Wasser auf ein leeres, befestigtes Ruderboot zu.
Demonstranten versammeln sich mit ihren Schildern.
Eine Person in einem schwarzen Neoprenanzug springt mit einem Surfbrett hoch ber eine Welle.
Viele Menschen sitzen und unterhalten sich in Gruppen in einem Restaurant.
Ein Rennauto schlgt vor Zuschauern aus.
Jemand grbt mit einer Schaufel in der Erde.
Eine Gruppe von Personen marschiert mit Streikschildern, die auf den Etat von Schulen hinweisen.
Zwei Personen in orangefarbenen Oberteilen bringen eine Reklametafel an.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil und Jeans spielt mit geschlossenen Augen Gitarre.
Zwei Mnner singen auf einem Konzert.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Kapuzenpullover steht vor einem Factory-Schild und redet in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei Mdchen und zwei Mnner spielen an einem Strand.
Ein als Weihnachtsmann verkleideter Mann fhrt whrend eines Festumzugs in einer Kutsche.
Personen fahren eine Rolltreppe hoch.
Ein Koch in einem blauen Oberteil lchelt angesichts eines groen Tellers mit Essen, whrend ein Mitarbeiter ihm zuschaut. 
Ein lterer Mann steht neben einer lachenden Frau.
Ein Mann stellt Hte aus Blttern her.
Ein Konzertmeister wird mit stehendem Beifall fr seine hervorragende Leistung bedacht.
Zwei junge Mdchen strecken ihre Kpfe aus einem groen Laubhaufen in die Kamera.
Ein Kind trgt einen roten Hut, der wie eine Hand geformt ist.
Eine Frau steht im Wald und harkt Laub vor zwei geparkten Autos.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen klettert an einer Felswand.
Ein Skater macht einen hohen Sprung.
Ein junges Mdchen staubsaugt, whrend ihr zwei Jungen zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen ist in einem Raum neben einem groen runden Spiegel versammelt.
Zwei Hunde rennen auf einer Laufbahn um die Wette.
Zwei junge Mnner in schwarzer Kleidung stehen auf den Stufen vor einem Gebude.
Zwei lchelnde Mnner berhren ihre Kpfe.
Drei Mnner in Arbeitskleidung bereiten Essen auf einer groen Arbeitsflche zu.
Eine Gruppe von armen, afrikanischen Kindern sitzt in einem Klassenraum.
Eine Gruppe von schwarzen Kindern in weien Oberteilen sitzt auf einigen Bnken.
Personen unterhalten sich und sitzen an einem Tisch, der mit Broarbeit berst ist.
Eine Frau mit einem grnen Schutzhelm steht am unteren Ende eines kleinen Treppenhauses und hlt in einer Hand ihre Handtasche.
Ein Snowboardfahrer gleitet an einer Betonstange hinunter.
Mehr als acht Personen sprechen in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Snowboardfahrer springt von einem hohen Backsteingebude ab.
Ein Mann singt auf einer Bhne, whrend eine Band hinter ihm spielt.
Ein orientalischer Mann klettert auf einen Berg.
Ein Mann in Anzug sieht besorgt aus, als er ber eine belebte Strae geht.
Ein Chor singt vor einer Kirche.
Fnf Personen sitzen an einem Tisch und spielen verschiedene Instrumente.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Htte neben einem primitiv aussehenden Grill, der qualmt.
Zwei Personen sitzen drauen in einem Caf vor einem alten Gebude.
Ein alter Mann in einem schwarzen Trenchcoat steht auf einem Markt.
Eine ltere Frau liegt auf einem grasbewachsenen Hgel vor dem Meer.
Eine Gruppe von Demonstranten mit Streikschildern auf einer Strae.
Ein asiatischer Mann steht in einer Kampfsporthaltung vor einem naturbelassenen See.
Eine Frau macht sich bereit, ein Foto zu schieen.
Ein Esel transportiert auf einer Strae eine Ladung Gras.
Eine asiatische Frau rudert auf einem Boot, das mit Waren beladen ist.
Eine Reihe von Erwachsenen redet whrend einer Vorlesung in einem Klassenraum.
Ein Mann surft in den Wellen im Meer.
Ein groer brauner Hund und ein grerer schwarzer Hund spielen zusammen mit einem Ball.
Ein Mann nimmt ein Getrnk zu sich, hlt eine Plastiktte und steht weit von den anderen Personen entfernt.
Ein Ringer wird von einem anderen Ringer vom Boden abgehoben.
Ein riesiges Bienenkostm umarmt einen Jungen.
Das Mdchen in karierter Kleidung hilft dem kleinen Mdchen dabei, das Pferd mit einem Apfel zu fttern.
Ein Mdchen im Badeanzug steht vor einer gestreiften Mauer.
Ein Mann in einem schweren Mantel luft mit einem Seesack eine Steintreppe hoch und im Hintergrund steht die Polizei.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil springt in die Luft und streckt ihre Zunge heraus.
Ein Mann ksst die Stirn eines Suglings, das auf einem Sofa liegt.
Ein Hund mit einem orangefarbenen Halsband luft auf dem Feld.
Ein Mann mit Bartstoppeln im Gesicht hlt ein Baby.
Ein Junge mit einer Kapuze und ein Mdchen stehen beieinander auf einer Treppe vor groen Tren.
Ein Arbeiter mit langen gelockten Haaren untersucht das Gemse neben dem Brokkoli.
Ein kleines Mdchen zieht am Schwanz einer Alligatorstatue.
Eine Gruppe von Personen bummelt auf einem Gehweg in der Nhe eines Laternenpfahls.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Fahrradtaxi auf einer belebten Strae.
Eine Frau mit einem Strohhut steht vor einem Tisch mit diversen Gegenstnden.
Zwei Menschen in New York betrachten etwas.
Personen fahren Schlittschuh drauen auf einer Eisbahn um einen riesigen Weihnachtsbaum herum.
Eine Frau liegt im Gras mit einem Rugbyball auf ihrem Kopf.
Zwei Motocross-Fahrer stehen auf dem Standstreifen einer Rennstrecke.
Ein bunter Bus steht im Stau.
Kinder werden von einem Erwachsenen an einer Baustelle vorbei zu einem greren Gebude gefhrt.
Zwei Kinder spielen im Schnee.
Ein Mann mit einem Cowboyhut hat Schwierigkeiten, sich auf einem bockenden beigefarbenen Pferd zu halten.
Zwei Mnner mit Jacken und Kappen stehen im Freien.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hut steht neben einem Auto mit einer Schaufel im Schnee.
Eine Frau in schwarzer Kleidung luft auf einem Gehweg.
Das Mdchen klettert an einer aufgerichteten Kletterwand.
Mnner, die als Weihnachtsmann verkleidet sind, laufen auf einer Strae.
Eine groe Personengruppe besteigt einen steilen Berg mit Wolken im Hintergrund.
Vier Menschen mit rasierten Kpfen und weien Gewndern beten.
Ein Baby, das als Elefant verkleidet ist, steht auf einem Bett und wird von einer Frau hochgehoben, die als Dorothy verkleidet ist.
Ein Mann sitzt gekrmmt neben einer blauen Mlltonne auf einer grauen Bank, auf der SAN DIEGO steht.
Ein Baby sitzt lachend in einem Hochstuhl in einem Restaurant und drckt Mickey Maus' Nase.
Eine Frau und ein Kind blasen eine Kerze auf einem kleinen Kuchen aus.
Ein Mann mit Weihnachtsmannkostm und einer Ringermaske auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Eine Person hlt ein schreiendes Baby.
Der Mann macht gleich ein Foto aus dem offenen Fenster.
Eine Frau mit Handschuhen und einem Zopf kocht etwas, whrend Menschen daneben stehen und zuschauen.
Personen kochen in einem Zelt und tragen groe weie Kochmtzen.
Zwei kleine Mdchen springen auf dem Bett herum.
Drei mit Schlamm bedeckte Mnner spielen Rugby und einer von ihnen trgt den Ball.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge fllt auf ein Bett.
Ein dunkelbrauner Hund rennt hinter einem gelben Hund im Gras her.
Ein mit Schlamm verschmutzter Hund luft neben einem Gewsser.
Ein Vogelschwarm fliegt vom Boden neben einem Gebude mit Wandbemalung herauf.
Kinder im Publikum lcheln und zeigen auf etwas.
Zwei Mnner kmpfen mit Theater-Schwertern in einer Mittelaltershow.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen bauen eine Metallkonstruktur.
Mehrere Personen an einem Bahnhof.
Eine Frau und ein Mann tragen einen Regenumhang.
Ein kleiner Junge weint auf einem Spielplatz und ein kleines Mdchen fhrt auf einem Kinderfahrrad.
Personen sitzen an einem grnen Tisch, der mit Tischsets und grnen Glsern gedeckt ist.
Ein Mann in einer Lederjacke dirigiert in einem Orchesterpavillon eine groe Blaskapelle, deren Mitglieder Weihnachtsmannmtzen tragen.
Kleine Kinder recken ihre Hnde in die Hhe.
Ein Mann in einer hellbraunen Jacke und blauen Jeans sitzt auf einer Bank in der Nhe eines anderen Mannes und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf einem Felsen mit weiter Sicht.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einem Sofa mit Blumenmuster, whrend eine ltere Frau im Hintergrund lchelt.
Ein brauner Hund tritt in trbes Wasser.
Ein lterer Asiate mit einer bestickten Skimtze posiert fr ein Foto.
Eine Frau kauert an einem Waschbecken und trgt Wimperntusche auf.
In der Nhe eines kleinen Kindes stehen ein Mann und ein kleines Mdchen nebeneinander und betrachten etwas.
Die Mnner treiben Sport.
Zwei junge Frauen in weien Oberteilen sitzen auf kleinstem Raum.
Zwei kleine Kinder machen Seifenblasen auf einer Veranda.
Die glatzkpfige Frau steht lchelnd neben einem Mann mit finsterer Miene.
Ein Mann und ein Kind an der Kasse in einem Geschft.
Ein brauner Hund luft im Schnee mit einem weien Ball in seiner Schnauze.
Mehrere Personen sind um einen Tisch in einem Lagerhaus versammelt.
Auf einem Straenumzug ist ein Mann einem anderen Mann dabei behilflich, eine rote Schleife um dessen rechten Arm zu binden.
Viele Menschen versammeln sich vor dem Lincoln Memorial.
Zwei Hnde, von denen eine Hand die Fingerngel der anderen Hand mit einer Nagelfeile bearbeitet.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut spielt Xylophon.
Eine Gruppe junger Personen sitzt gemtlich auf einem Sofa.
Junge Menschen gehen in einem chinesischen Restaurant zu Abend essen.
Ein brauner Hund steht im Wasser und schttelt sich ab.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Federn am Kopf tanzen.
Eine Person mit einem Gelndewagen in den Dnen unter lilafarbenen Himmel.
Zwei Frauen schieben sich gegenseitig bei einem Rollschuhwettrennen.
Ein Mann mit einer Brille hat seinen Kopf auf seine Hnde gesttzt und sitzt an einem Tisch, der fr ein asiatisches Abendessen eingedeckt ist.
Bei einem gelben Auto dreht das Hinterrad durch, whrend ein Mann auf dem Rcksitz zuschaut.
Personen warten auf das Eintreffen einer Hochbahn bei kaltem Winterwetter.
Zwei indische Kinder amsieren sich und erzhlen sich Geheimnisse.
Eine Frau mit geflochtenen Haaren lacht mit einem Mann in einem roten Oberteil.
Ein Staffordshire Terrier mit schwarz-weiem Fell hlt einen groen Ast mit seinen Pfoten fest.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber eine Wiese.
Die Jungen und der alte Mann hacken Holz zum Aufstapeln.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Mnnern in hellbrauner Kleidung befindet sich in einer technischen Umgebung.
Ein Mann spielt neben einem Schlagzeuger ein Instrument.
Ein beleuchteter Imbisswagen steht auf einer Strae in der Dmmerung.
Ein Koch bereitet in einer professionellen Kche ein Gericht zu.
Ein mnnlicher Fuballspieler versucht den Ball mit seinem rechten Fu zu schieen, whrend ein anderer Spieler im Hintergrund versucht, diesen daran zu hindern.
Eine Bob-Mannschaft fhrt auf einer schneebedeckten Bahn.
Ein asiatischer Straenverkufer mit einem breiten kegelfrmigen Hut bietet verschiedene Frchte und Gemsesorten zum Kauf an.
Ein Straenverkufer legt Brot und Brezeln zum Verkauf nebeneinander.
Zwei junge Frauen posieren und lcheln in einer schwach beleuchteten Umgebung.
Eine Frau macht ein Foto und eine andere Frau steht seitlich mit einem ausgestreckten Arm.
Ein Mann mit Irokesenschnitt fegt einen Skatepark.
Ein Mann steht an einer Maschine.
Viele Leute reden und essen in einem Restaurant.
Auf einem Markt sieht eine Frau ihre Waren durch.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem Hut liegt im Gras in der Mitte von einigen verstreut liegenden, herabgefallenen Blttern.
Ein kleines Mdchen betrachtet inmitten einer Menschenmenge das Gesicht einer Frau.
Ein Mann fllt von einem Surfbrett ins Meer.
Eine Frau schaut auf einen dampfenden Teller.
Ein Mann und eine Frau essen, whrend ein Hund sich zwischen ihnen befindet.
Die Frau in bunter Kleidung tanzt.
Ein kleiner Hund hlt einen kleinen Zweig in seiner Schnauze.
Ein kleiner Hund spielt mit Herbstlaub.
Eine Frau und ihre Tochter springen in ein Schwimmbecken.
Kinder spielen im Schwimmbecken.
Zwei Hunde halten rote Blle in ihrer Schnauze und laufen im Schnee.
Eine Frau in rosafarbener Kleidung hlt einen Teller mit Essen.
Eine junge Person hlt einen rot-schwarzen Fcher vor einer Kampfkunst-Klasse.
Ein Mann poliert einen Holzfuboden mit Wood Silk.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in formeller Kleidung unterhlt sich in einer Runde.
Eine Frau sitzt in der U-Bahn und liest ein Buch.
Ein Hund schlummert in der Mitte eines geschftigen Weges.
Eine Frau isst Fisch in einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann und eine Frau posieren mit gespitzten Lippen fr die Kamera.
Ein Mann macht ein Video von jemandem, der eine Stange beschriftet.
Eine Frau in einem burgunderroten rmellosen Oberteil und einer blauen Hose luft die Treppe zur Zuschauertribne hoch.
Zwei Rikscha-Fahrer warten an einer viel befahrenen Strae auf Kundschaft.
Ein Snowboarder vollfhrt bei schummerigem Licht ein Kunststck.
Vier junge Mnner erledigen in einem Raum Arbeitsaufgaben.
Ein Kellner in Berufskleidung trgt eine Pfanne, auf der ein Fleischgericht mit Soe und einer Zitrone als Garnierung angerichtet ist.
Ein Fahrradfahrer macht einen groen Sprung an einem stdtischen Strand.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lcheln.
Zwei Mnner schauen in die Kamera und der Vordere erhebt seinen Zeigefinger.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper steht auf einer Bhne, auf der Feuer im Hintergrund zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann in einer Weste und Hosen luft bei einem Konzert ber die Bhne.
Die Person im weien Laborkittel betrachtet eine Art lichtdurchlssiges Abbild.
Zwei Personen fhren zwei goldgelbe Hunde im Schnee aus.
Eine Frau hockt ber einer Tasche, in der eine Art rundes, grnes Gemse liegt.
Personen und Bsche heben sich als Silhouette gegen einen indigoblauen Himmel ab.
Ein lterer Mann schlft auf einem Gartenstuhl, whrend eine Frau neben ihm sitzt.
Eine alte Frau trgt prunkvolle Kleidung und Schmuck.
Ein Mann fliegt auf seinem Gelndemotorrad in der Wste durch die Luft.
Ein Kind in einem gestreiften Oberteil hlt eine Gitarre.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen spielen drauen mit Seifenblasen.
Drei Mnner stehen im Wald.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil mit einer roten Schleife und einem lilafarbenen Rock auf einer Siegesfeier.
Ein Mann in Jeans fhrt mit einem Gelndewagen durch Sand.
Eine Frau mit einer roten Jacke hlt ein Baby mit einer roten Jacke neben einem Fahrrad.
Zwei junge Frauen umarmen sich und posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund mit einem roten Halsband befindet sich mit einem blauen Ball im Laub.
Ein Neugeborenes liegt im Bett und ist leicht mit einer Decke zugedeckt.
Drei Feuerwehrmnner halten Seile fest, die von oben herabhngen.
Ein Mann luft auf einem Feld herum und macht irgendetwas.
Die zwei Hunde im Schnee haben eine rote Leine.
Zwei Kinder spielen mit einem weien Hund.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund verfolgt einen anderen kleinen schwarzen Hund durch hohen Schnee.
Eine Personengruppe wandert mit Ruckscken ber ein grasbewachsenes Feld.
Ein schwarzer und ein brauner Hund berhren ihre Schnauzen auf einem grasbewachsenen Feld.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung fhrt auf einem grnen Fahrrad.
Ein Snowboarder in hellgrner Kleidung macht einen Sprung bei einem Wettbewerb.
Ein kleiner Hund luft im Sand.
Eine asiatische Frau steht drauen hinter einem Glasregal, in dem Brot ausgelegt ist.
Hirsche und Truthhne stehen auf schneebedecktem Boden.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen isst gensslich einen Pfirsich.
Ein Kind in einer roten kurzen Hose bastelt vergngt.
Viele Personen stehen auf einem Bahnsteig vor einem Zug.
Ein Junge mit blauen Handschuhen macht sich bereit, Schnee zu werfen.
Ein kleiner Junge mit kurzen Hosen und einer Jacke zieht einen roten Wagen, auf dem ein Krbis liegt.
Drei Personen stehen vor einer Schaufensterscheibe und lcheln.
Ein Mann macht mit dem Skateboard an einem grnem Fass ein Kunststck.
Eine Person luft Eisschnelllauf.
Eine Menschenmenge wartet auf einen Zug, als dieser im Bahnhof einfhrt.
Eine Fuballmannschaft hebt einen Spieler nach einem Sieg hoch.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil und einer Khakihose versucht einen Golfball in ein Loch zu schlagen.
Ein Kind auf einem Sofa hlt ein rotes Tuch mit weiem Fell.
Ein Mann in einem Weihnachtsmannkostm wird von zwei Polizisten angehalten.
Ein Kleinkind ist fasziniert von einem Satz Spielzeugbausteinen in einem Buchladen.
Ein dunkelhaariger Junge liegt neben zwei anderen Kindern und lchelt.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge fngt Seifenblasen in der Luft.
Eine ltere weie Frau bckt kleine Kuchen in ihrer Kche.
Ein Junge dreht sich etwas ein und wirft eine Bowlingkugel.
Das Kind schippt tiefen, weien Schnee in der Nhe des Hauses.
Ein Surfer fhrt auf einer groen Welle.
Zwei Basketballspieler greifen nach dem Ball.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hut spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein Mann mit einem Basketball blockt jemanden, der ihm den Ball entwenden will.
Ein Basketballspieler von Miami hlt einen Basketball in der rechten Hand auf dem Spielfeld.
Ein Mann, der nur in Unterwsche bekleidet ist, springt auf einen Mann und ist umringt von einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann hlt eine Angel und angelt im Sonnenuntergang.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Hut, grnen Oberteil, braunen Hosen und einer bunten Schrze wendet einen sehr groen Eierkuchen.
Ein Mann mit einem Neoprenanzug surft.
Zwei Mnner machen, mglicherweise zum Sternsingen, einen Spaziergang in der Klte whrend der Weihnachtszeit.
Eine junge Frau und zwei Mnner trinken Bier in einer Bar.
Ein Spieler schaut hilflos dabei zu, wie ein anderer springt und den Ball in den Korb wirft.
Ein Basketballspieler ist auf dem Weg, einen Korbleger zu machen.
Ein Kleinkind  in einer weiten blauen Hose rennt von dem Feuer davon, das im Hintergrund zu sehen ist.
Spieler treten auf einem Fuballfeld fr die Zuschauer auf.
Kleine Kinder stehen  nebeneinander und bekommen fr etwas eine Auszeichnung.
Zwei weie Hunde mit braunen Markierungen spielen.
Ein Kind in roter und schwarzer Winterkleidung versteckt sich hinter einer Schneeburg.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit braunen Haaren spielt Dame.
Eine Frau wscht ihren Fu in der Kche neben einem Mann in einem weien Oberteil.
Ein Rettungsschwimmer sitzt auf einer Brstung und beobachtet das Wasser.
Ein Mann in einem lilafarbenen Oberteil hlt eine Videokamera auf eine Frau, die auf der Strae sitzt.
Ein schlafender Mann in einem Flugzeug auf einem dunklen Foto.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer lilafarbenen Jacke sitzt angeschnallt in seinem Autositz.
Zwei Jungen fahren auf einem Boot durch das Wasser.
Ein Hund luft mit einem Stock im Schnee.
Ein hellbrauner Hund kaut auf einem Leckerbissen fr Hunde.
Vier Kinder halten sich an den Hnden und springen in ein Schwimmbecken.
Vier Kinder halten sich unter einer Decke warm.
Ein Mann in einem Weihnachtsmannkostm klettert ein groes Betongebude hoch.
Ein schwarzer Mann mit schwarzem Haar lacht.
Ein Mann in einem hellbraunen Mantel hlt ein Kleinkind und ein junges Mdchen sitzt auf einem braunen Sofa.
Eine Strae in der Stadt, die mit Autos und Menschen versehen ist.
Eine Frau trgt Plastiktten und luft einen idyllischen Weg entlang.
Eine Person in bunter Kleidung und mit einer Brille steht neben einer Treppe.
Zwei schwarze Hunde laufen in den Schnee und haben Spielzeuge in der Schnauze.
Ein Vogel taucht zum Fangen von Nahrung ab.
Die zwei Kinder und das Baby mit dem rosafarbenen Oberteil sind umgeben von Spielzeug.
In einem Restaurant wird das Abendessen von einem Kellner serviert.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und einer Schwimmbrille auf dem Kopf befindet sich vor einer Gruppe Schwimmern.
Schwimmer versammeln sich beim Training an einem Schwimmbecken mit abgetrennten Bahnen.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Oberteil macht eine Pause und setzt sich hin.
Zwei weie Hund laufen zusammen.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen unterhalten sich auf dem Rasen.
Personen mit Wintermtzen stehen beieinander in der U-Bahn.
Ein Mdchen in hellrosafarbener Kleidung bereitet sich auf ein Rennen vor.
Ein Wasserskifahrer hlt sich an einem Seil fest, macht einen Sprung und steht fast kopfber.
Ein Mann sitzt von Kindern umringt auf einem Sofa und hlt ein Baby in den Armen.
Zwei frierende Personen stehen neben einer Stange.
Ein Mann verkauft Naturprodukte auf der Strae.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke steht oben auf einer Treppe im Stadion.
Ein kleiner Junge posiert mit Handschuhen vom "Unglaublichen Hulk".
Ein Mann steht umringt von einer Gruppe Kindern und klatscht in seine Hnde.
Ein Mdchen in einem roten Oberteil hlt Zettel in der Hand.
Das Kind betrachtet den Weihnachtsmann.
Ein Surfer wendet mit seinem Surfbrett.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid bastelt etwas.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Masken und Kostmen stoen vor einem Weihnachtsbaum an.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Mdchen, das in ein Schwimmbecken springt.
Ein Mdchen mit einem schwarz-weien Stirnband und einem rosafarbenen Schlips hlt ein Glas und wird von Freunden flankiert.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten Getrnke in der Hand.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in schwarzen Mnteln befinden sich drauen, whrend es schneit.
Ein Paar in Wintermnteln posiert zusammen.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre fr ein Kind in einem Krankenhausbett.
Eine Frau, die mit einem Handtuch bedeckt ist, trinkt aus einem Krug Wasser. 
Drei asiatische Frauen laufen auf einem Gehweg und tragen Handtaschen und Einkaufstten.
Eine Frau hat ein kleines Kind an der Hand und trgt Einkaufstten.
Zwei asiatische Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch und essen asiatisches Essen.
Zwei Frauen in Jacken schauen auf eine Tafel.
Eine Person mit einem Pullover sitzt und schaut sich ein Buch an, whrend sich ein Kind auf ihrem Scho befindet.
Zwei junge Frauen unterhalten sich.
Eine groe Gruppe von Fuballspielern in blauen Trikots luft ber das Feld.
Zwei Mnner laufen vor einem Graffiti, das ein Auto darstellt.
Ein Kind hlt sich im Schnee an seiner Mutter auf einem Schlitten fest.
Ein alter Mann und eine junge Frau umarmen sich auf einem Sofa.
Eine Person steht auf einer Bhne mit rosafarbener und blauer Beleuchtung.
Ein Korbverkufer luft auf einer geschftigen stdtischen Strae.
Ein Zug erreicht einen schwach beleuchteten Tunnel.
Ein Junge in einem Schlafanzug mit Sportmotiv befindet sich vor einem Weihnachtsbaum.
Eine Frau steht mit ausgestrecktem Arm in einem Park.
Kinder tragen schwarze und weie Kostme.
Mehrere Personen lesen an einem Lagerfeuer bei Nacht.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Oberteil giet eine klare Flssigkeit in ein Glas.
Eine Knstlerin luft bei einem Festumzug auf Stelzen, die von ihrer weien Hose verdeckt sind.
Eine junge Frau verquirlt Eier in einem glsernen Messbecher.
Zwei kleine Mdchen posieren lchelnd und mit einem Weihnachtsbaum im Hintergrund fr ein Foto
Drei Frauen posieren vor einem Weihnachtsbaum fr ein Foto.
Zwei Mnner und zwei Frauen halten Goldteller hinter ihren Kpfen.
Eine spanische Frau und ein Mann in feierlicher Kleidung tanzen auf der Strae.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Pullover und blauen Jeans schreibt eine Arbeit auf dem Laptop.
Ein Mann gleitet mit seinem Snowboard an einem grnen Hindernis entlang.
Eine Frau mit ausdrucksloser Miene wirft einen Football, whrend ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil auf sein Handy guckt.
Ein Skifahrer ist dabei, einen Abhang herunterzufahren.
Ein Hund mit schwarz-weiem Fell springt auf einem Feld mit braunem Gras umher.
Eine Frau prsentiert Leuten ihre Kunst.
Mehrere Personen sitzen gedrngt in einem Raum, in dem drei groe Ventilatoren an der Decke angebracht sind.
Eine Person macht ein Kunststck mit dem Skateboard in der Luft. 
Zwei kleine Jungen stehen in einer Kche mit Holzfuboden.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Jacken toben auf einem groen Feld.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit einem asiatischen Kind, das einen Ballon um den Kopf gewickelt hat.
Ein Mann mit roten Socken rennt mit einem anderen Mann um die Wette.
Fnf Mdchen in Schuluniform laufen auf einem flachen Felsen nahe eines Sees, whrend im Hintergrund ein Mann am Ufer sitzt.
Ein Mann befestigt ein Laken auf dem Bett.
Eine Frau in einem schwarz-weien Kleid geht davon.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem orangefarbenen Oberteil hlt eine Papiertte.
Eine Frau in Jeans bereitet sich darauf vor, eine Bowlingkugel auf die Bowlingbahn zu werfen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen geht wandern.
Zwei Babys sitzen auf einer Spielunterlage und greifen nach etwas.
Ein alter Mann und ein Baby in roter Kleidung.
In einer Menschenmenge sind sowohl lchelnde Personen, als auch Personen, die Fotos machen, zu sehen.
Eine Person liegt auf dem Boden unter einer Treppe.
Ein Mann mit einer Koboldmtze hlt einen weien Umhang und steht mit zwei anderen Mnnern auf einem Gehweg.
Kinder spielen im Schnee, whrend die Eltern ihnen zuschauen.
Zwei Frauen sitzen nebeneinander, von denen eine Frau ein Baby hlt und die andere ihr Armband zeigt.
Ein Baby berhrt das Gesicht einer Frau.
Ein Baby in rosafarbener Kleidung hat einen Schnuller und befindet sich auf einem Stuhl mit einer anderen Frau.
Eine Frau und ein Baby warten mit Gepck.
Zwei junge Mdchen in Winterkleidung spielen auf einem Schneehgel.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Restaurant und telefoniert mit ihrem Handy.
Ein orientalischer Mann mit einem weien Oberteil und einer Schrze kocht.
Ein Mann fngt ein Mdchen auf, das in seine Arme gesprungen ist.
Die Dame trgt einen schwarzen Mantel, Handschuhe und Stiefel.
Drei Frauen posieren gemeinsam fr ein Foto.
Eine rothaarige Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid hat ihre Arme um einen Mann in weier Kleidung gelegt.
Neben einem trabenden Hund mit braun-weiem Fell fllt ein brauner Gegenstand herab.
Ein Hund mit schwarz-weiem Fell hlt einen Stock in seiner Schnauze und schwimmt.
Ein Mdchen hlt ein gelbes Luftballontier hoch.
Eine Gruppe von Personen springt auf einem Sandstrand an der Kste in die Luft.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen auf der Bhne.
Ein Hund mit schwarz-weiem Fell luft durch Wasser und hlt dabei etwas rotes in seiner Schnauze.
Eine Frau in einem Mantel lehnt sich an einem Mnztelefon zurck.
Zwei Mdchen laufen vor einem Backsteingebude an einem Baum vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem weien Trikot macht einen Slam Dunk.
Eine Frau in blauer Kleidung rudert eine Art Kanu, das mit Pflanzen bestckt ist.
Eine Menschenmenge sitzt drauen auf einem ffentlichen Platz.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung fhrt auf einem Fahrrad ber die Strae, whrend eine andere Person beim Laufen einen Hund hlt.
Eine Frau hebt ein Kind vom Boden hoch.
Ein Basketballspieler guckt hoch und ist bereit den Ball zu werfen.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut und einer lilafarbenen Schrze lehnt gegen ein Pizzaregal aus Metall.
An einem Straenrand befindet sich ein Mann mit einem marineblauen Oberteil und einer schwarzen Strickmtze, auf der "Paris" steht.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil steht neben einem Zelt.
Ein Kind in roten kurzen Hosen spielt in einem Springbrunnen.
Ein Junge isst neben einem Holzhaus, das von Bumen umgeben ist.
Zwei Jungen sitzen in einem grnen Kajak auf dem Rasen.
Ein Mann hebt einen groen Diamanten hervor, whrend eine Krone danebenliegt.
Ein hellbrauner Hund luft vor einem verschwommenen Hintergrund durch das Gras.
Eine Familie aus dem Nahen Osten luft auf der Strae.
Ein Basketballspieler hlt den Ball whrend eines Spiels fest.
Eine Frau klettert an einer felsigen Klippe.
Zwei Mnner laufen durch einen Vergngungspark, whrend einer von ihnen einen Kinderwagen schiebt und der andere ein Stofftier trgt.
Vier Mnnern wird ein Bgelbrett gezeigt.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Oberteil liest Noten und spielt Harfe.
Ein lterer Mann schaut herab und lchelt.
Ein Kleinkind spielt mit einem roten Rasensprenger.
Ein Mann in traditioneller Kleidung spielt Dudelsack.
Zwei Personen mitten in einem Motocrossrennen.
Ein Hund steht bei Sonnenuntergang an einem Strand.
Die zwei Hunde laufen auf die Kamera zu.
Ein Snowboarder springt von einer groen Schanze ab.
Ein Mann und eine Frau schauen sich auf einem Balkon in einem Gebude an.
Ein Mann in weier Kleidung spricht mit einer Person, die auf dem Boden sitzt.
Ein Mann steuert ein blaues Kanu in einem Feuchtgebiet mit groen Palmwedeln.
Ein Mann steht drauen vor einem Gerst auf der Strae.
Einem glcklichen Kind wird aus einem Karton aus Schaumstoffbllen eine Hand gereicht.
Eine Frau in gelber Krankenhauskleidung sitzt in einem Krankenhaus und hlt ein krankes Kind.
Ein Hund hlt den rmel eines Mantels, den ein Mann trgt, in der Schnauze.
Ein weier Hund luft am Strand.
Zwei Hunde stehen im Gras und einer luft.
Ein Junge versucht einem kleinen braunen Hund den Stock wegzunehmen.
Zwei kleine Kinder reden auf einem Feld vor einem gelben Absperrband.
Ein junger Mann in einem grauen Pullover spielt ein Videospiel mit Gitarren.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Mdchen diskutiert im Freien.
Ein Kind mit einer Rettungsweste in einem Schwimmbecken.
Eine Frau in schwarzer Kleidung springt an einem Strand in die Luft.
Angestellte arbeiten an Kassen in einem Lebensmittelgeschft.
Ein junges Mdchen luft barfu am Strand.
Drei Mnner in weien Mnteln betrachten einen anderen Mann beim Auftragen von Glasur mit einem Spritzbeutel.
Eine Frau sitzt im Bus mit einer Papiertte, die an einem Wagen hngt.
Ein Stadtarbeiter reinigt die Risse eines Gehwegs.
Eine Frau, ein Mann und ein kleines Baby fahren auf einem Motorroller.
Zwei alte Mnner unterhalten sich.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt vor einem Kamin neben einem Lebkuchenhaus.
Die ltere Frau lchelt, whrend sie einen Hammer hochhlt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Trainingsanzug springt in die Luft und macht Spagat. Auf der Spitze eines Berges kann man eine Stadt im Hintergrund erkennen.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen mit einem roten Spielzeug.
Ein Snowboarder springt von einer Schanze in die Bergen.
Der braune Hund kaut auf einem Gegenstand im Schnee herum.
Eine Frau mit rtlichen Haaren redet mit einem alten Mann neben einer Bank am Ufer.
Ein Mann befindet sich mit Skiern in der Luft.
Ein Basketballspieler bereitet sich auf den Wurf des Balls vor.
Der Basketballspieler von Miami mit der Nummer 33 dribbelt mit dem Ball.
Der Spieler von Miami mit der Nummer fnf dribbelt auf dem Feld.
Der Hund mit dem braun-weien Fell steht auf seinen Hinterbeinen.
Ein Hund schttelt sich an einem Strand am Meer ab.
Ein Snowboarder befindet sich in der Luft und trgt eine gelbe Mtze mit Stacheln.
Ein Snowboarder macht mit seinem Snowboard einen hohen Sprung im Schnee.
Ein Hund fngt einen Ball mit seiner Schnauze.
Drei Mnner spielen eine Partie Basketball.
Auf einem Bild albern zwei Frauen herum.
Ein Kleinkind liegt zur Hlfte auf einer Matratze und auf dem Boden.
Zwei Kinder in roter Kleidung liegen auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau hlt einen kleinen Jungen in einer Kindertagessttte.
Ein Hund mit schwarz-weiem Fell fngt eine Frisbeescheibe im Garten.
Drei Personen laufen auf den Felsen in der Nhe des Wassers.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover hlt einen Hammer und lchelt.
Ein einzelner Skifahrer mit einem roten Rucksack stolpert auf einem schneebedeckten Berg .
Ein Mann beschftigt sich mit seinem kleinen Sohn, der eine weie Tasse hlt.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen isst zusammen bei jemandem zu Hause.
Eine Gruppe von Personen geht mit ihren Haustieren an den Bahngleisen spazieren.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Trialrad auf einem Feldweg durch unwegsames Gelnde.
Zwei Mnner verkaufen kleine Dinge wie Kondome, auf denen Fotos von Obama aufgedruckt sind.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen im Meer und kssen sich.
Ein Schiedsrichter beendet einen Kampf whrend eines Hockeyspiels.
Der Mann trgt einen blauen Pullover und steht barfu auf einem Hof.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm steht an einem Geldautomaten.
Zwei Mnner stehen an einem Gelnder und posieren fr ein Foto.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann trinken Bier an einem Tisch.
Zwei Personen laufen in den Sand am Strand.
Mnner an Spielautomaten im Spielkasino-Ambiente.
Eine Familie sitzt, arbeitet und redet in der Kche.
Drei Hunde spielen mit einer Frisbeescheibe im Schnee.
Mnner, die als Darth Vader und Roboter verkleidet sind, laufen auf der Strae.
Ein lterer Mann in einem Anzug steht an einem goldverzierten Pult vor einem Mikrofon.
Ein kleines Kind luft lchelnd durch das Gras.
Ein rotes Fahrzeug auerhalb eines Baustellenbereichs.
Ein Erwachsener trgt ein Baby und sitzt an einem Tisch in einem Caf.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber den Rasen.
Eine Gruppe von afrikanischen Kindern trgt farbenfrohe Kleidung.
Ein Hund mit wei-braunem Fell luft ber das Gras.
Eine Skifahrerin mit einer grnen Mtze, die aufgenhte rosafarbene Blumen hat, fhrt Ski.
Ein Fotograf mit einer gelben Jacke macht von einer blonden Frau in Bikini Fotos.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem Rucksack sitzt und schaut sich ein Buch an.
Die Silhouette einer Gestalt, die im Sonnenuntergang Fallschirm springt.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke ffnet die Tr und hlt seine Autoschlssel in der Hand.
Ein Hund liegt an der Ecke eines weien Stuhls.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper sitzt in einem blauen Schlauchboot, das neben einem gelben, voll beladenen Schlauchboot liegt.
Eine Gruppe in weier Kleidung posiert fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann in einem Neoprenanzug surft auf einer Welle hoch und runter.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt in einem Bach.
Zwei junge Mdchen spielen nachts in der Kche.
Zwei Mnner springen in einem Raum in die Luft.
Ein Mdchen mit einem grnen Overall und einer Brille befindet sich vor einem schnen Sonnenuntergang.
Zwei Frauen liegen auf dem Boden und lachen.
Ein Elefant ist in roten, blauen und goldenen Stoff gehllt und luft auf einem gepflasterten Weg.
Ein Geigenspieler benutzt einen alten Stuhl als Notenstnder.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Trgerhemd und ein Freund in einem weien Oberteil berprfen den Grill.
Eine Gruppe Soldaten steht in ihrer kompletten Ausrstung zusammen.
Eine Frau wirft Rosenbltter auf ein asiatisches Paar.
Eine Gruppe von Personen luft durch einen baumreichen Park.
Eine Frau mit kurzen braunen Haaren und einer Brille lacht mit einem Mann mit braunen Haaren und einem braunen Oberteil.
Ein Mann mit einem Becher schaut hoch, whrend er auf einer Rolltreppe liest.
Ein Junge mit einer grnen Jacke und ein Mdchen in brauner Kleidung spielen Videospiele.
Ein Snowboardfahrer fhrt auf eine Rampe aus Schnee, whrend andere ihm dabei zuschauen.
Fnf Mnner mit Turbanen reiten auf Elefanten auf einer fernstlichen stdtischen Strae.
Eine Frau steht auf einer Mauer, um einen Elefanten zu streicheln.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen in roten Oberteilen singt zusammen.
Ein Junge schlgt seinen Tennisschlger gegen einen Tennisball.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Personen, die aus vielen Kindern besteht, steht auf einem Hgel und beobachtet ein kleines Tier.
Zwei Hunde spielen Fangen auf einem Feld.
Mehrere Personen machen im Schnee Fotos mithilfe eines Stativs.
Fnf Kinder rodeln auf einer schneebedeckten Strae.
Der kleine Junge rodelt auf dem Schnee den Hgel herab.
Die Kinder spielen, whrend die Erwachsenen auf einer Bank sitzen.
Zwei Mnner kochen an einer Straenecke zusammen Essen.
Vier Bauarbeiter arbeiten an Stahltrgern.
Vier Skifahrer fahren einen Hang herab.
Ein brauner Hund luft auf einem schneebedeckten Weg.
Ein weier Hund und ein Hund mit schwarz-weiem Fell laufen durch das Gras.
Ein Rollschuhfahrer gleitet an einer Stange in einem Hallenskatepark.
Zwei Mnner sehen aus, als wrden sie mit Kisten in einem Einkaufszentrum spielen.
Kinder spielen auf einem Spielplatz und rutschen eine Rutsche herunter.
Eine Gruppe von vier Erwachsenen steht um eine Ansammlung von Waren herum.
Ein Mountainbiker fhrt auf einem Waldweg.
Ein einsamer Skifahrer geniet die Piste an einem wunderschnen Tag.
Ein weier Hund luft im Schnee.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbenen Gewndern berqueren eine verkehrsreiche Straenkreuzung,  an der viele Autos, LKWs und Motorrder zu sehen sind.
Ein arabischer Mann fhrt seine drei Kamele durch die Wste.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Pullover und eine Frau lcheln in ihre Videokamera.
Drei Fahrradfahrer fahren einen Waldweg hinauf.
Ein Junge luft barfu ber den Boden seines Hauses, der aus Steinen gefertigt ist.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Jacken sitzen auf einer Veranda aus Beton.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Neoprenanzug surft bei schlechtem Wetter.
Ein junges Kind hlt einen roten Spielzeughammer.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit Werkzeug fr Kinder und trgt ein Namensschild.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt im Schnee.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer Khakihose zeigt einem Mann seine Zuckerstange, die mit Sigkeiten gefllt ist.
Ein Golden Retriever luft durch Gras und trgt ein Hundespielzeug.
Ein Mann mit einem Dschungelhut wandert mit seinem Fhrer in der Wildnis.
Ein Kleinkind setzt ein buntes Puzzle zusammen.
Ein Junge trgt einen grnen Schlafanzug mit Weihnachtsmotiv und ffnet sein Geschenk.
Mehrere Personen spielen auf einer Veranstaltung Twister.
Zwei Kinder sitzen fr ein Foto auf einer Hirschstatue.
Ein Junge springt, um die fliegende Frisbeescheibe zu fangen.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge giet mit einem gelben Becher in einer Badewanne Wasser ber sich.
Ein Junge in einem orange-grauen Oberteil und einer Khakihose spielt im Laub.
Ein Paar und sein Kind posieren fr ein Foto vor einem Weihnachtsbaum.
Ein kleiner Junge stanzt Lernkarten aus der Pappe aus.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem gestreiften Oberteil packt ein Geschenk aus.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grnen Schlafanzug spielt mit einem Spielzeug an Weihnachten.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grnen Schlafanzug mit Weihnachtsmotiv hlt einen Karton.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit seiner Spielzeugeisenbahn.
Der Mann und die Frau posieren mit unechten Brillen und Schnurrbrten.
Der Hund steht auf etwas, whrend es um ihn herum schneit.
Ein Skater fliegt mit einem roten Skateboard durch die Luft.
Eine Gruppe von Tnzern in schwarzer Kleidung aus Elasthan tanzt in einem Saal.
Drei Frauen sitzen auf einer Bank und unterhalten sich.
Eine Frau und ein Mann posieren in Groucho-Marx-Kostmen.
Zwei Frauen fahren auf einem Feldweg Fahrrad.
Drei Personen befinden sich im Schnee.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen in der Dunkelheit beisammen und schauen auf eine Stadt in der Ferne.
Ein Mann mit Sandalen setzt sich hin und liest Zeitung im Freien.
Ein Snowboarder in einer grnen Jacke fliegt durch die Luft.
Die zwei Mnner spielen Kricket in einem Stadion.
Zwei Jungen mit freiem Oberkrper springen aus einem Gewsser und betrachten einen Fuball.
Eine Person fhrt mit Skiern einen bewaldeten Hgel hinab.
Ein brauner Hund mit einer weien Fellverfrbung auf der Brust und einem schwarzen Halsband luft ber einen Ast am Boden.
Ein kleines Kind und ein Hund spielen im Schnee.
Eine Person mit einem weien Helm sitzt angeschnallt in einem gelben Auto.
Ein lteres Paar redet ber ein Gemse.
Ein Mann in einem roten T-Shirt posiert mit zwei jungen Frauen und drei Bierflaschen.
Mdchen in schwarzen Kleidern tanzen in einer Diskothek.
Vier Frauen in gleicher Kleidung stehen auf ihren Hnden auf dem Hallenboden.
Ein Mann springt in die Gischt.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einer Stufe, whrend ein Grill im Hintergrund qualmt.
Ein kleiner Junge im blauen Oberteil ist von Cheerleadern umgeben.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil steht neben zwei Frauen in weier Kleidung und lchelt.
Vier Personen posieren fr ein Foto.
Mdchen in Kleidern tanzen in einem dunklen Raum.
Viele Personen essen in einem berfllten Restaurant.
Eine Person fhrt einen steilen schneebedeckten Hgel mit Skiern hinab.
Ein Mann spielt ein Spiel an seinem Computer.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut und einem braunen Oberteil befindet sich hinter einer Frau in roter Kleidung und guckt nach links.
In einer Bar sind Personen mit roten Oberteilen zu sehen.
Zwei hellbraune Hunde spielen im Schnee.
Eine Person steht einsam an einer Klippe und beobachtet Mwen.
Zwei weie Hunde spielen auf einer leicht mit Schnee bedeckten Stelle auf grnem Rasen.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund luft mit geffneter Schnauze.
Eine Frau im Schlafanzug im Badezimmer.
Ein Junge spielt in einer Schlammpftze.
Mehrere verschiedenfarbige Hunde laufen ber ein schneebedecktes Feld.
Der Basketballspieler der Southern Methodist University zieht zum Korb.
Ein Snowboarder fhrt nachts an einer Wand, die mit Graffitis bemalt ist.
Zwei Personen schauen sich eine Lichtskulptur bei Nacht an.
Auf einem alten Foto hlt eine Frau ein Neugeborenes in gelber Kleidung.
Die Frau legt dem springenden Hund einen Ball in die Schnauze.
Es ist ein Bild einer grnen, weien, schwarzen und roten Flagge zu sehen.
Eine orientalische Person rudert ein Boot auf einem Fluss, das mit Gemse beladen ist.
Ein junges Mdchen fhrt mit Skiern den Berg hinab.
Personen auf einem Jahrmarkt in einer Halle wird ein Spiel angeboten, bei dem es groe Stofftiere zu gewinnen gibt.
Ein Mann in blauer Kleidung spielt ein Angelspiel in einer Spielhalle.
Zwei junge Frauen surfen im Internet in einem Caf.
Eine Person macht beim Tanzen eine Bewegung, bei der der ganze Krper von einer Hand getragen wird.
Ein grauer Reiher fliegt los.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch vor einem Laden, in dessen Fenster "Parking" steht.
Eine Person auf einem Schlitten bekommt Schnee ins Gesicht, whrend sie eine Piste herunterfhrt.
Zwei Mnner sitzen in einem Restaurant und einer von ihnen hlt ein Blatt Papier in die Kamera.
Drei Asiaten spielen Musikinstrumente.
Eine Gruppe von vier Jungen spielt mit Schlamm im Wasser und auf dem Rasen.
Viele Personen spielen an bunten Jahrmarktstnden.
Personen stehen vor einem Jahrmarktstand mit Luftballons und Stofftieren an der Wand.
Zwei Personen stehen vor einem Geschft auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Zwei Personen klettern ber Felsen.
Jugendliche spielen mit Einkaufswagen auf einem Dach.
Ein Breakdancer fhrt in einem Raum, der mit vielen Grafittis bemalt ist, einen beeindruckenden Handstand vor.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil redet zu einer Menschenmenge.
Der Mann befindet sich auf einem Wasserskiboot im Wasser.
Ein Mann fliegt beim Snowboardfahren durch die Luft.
Zwei Reiter und drei Wanderer gehen auf einem staubigen Weg entlang.
Mehrere Personen wandern mit Ruckscken und Spazierstcken im Gebirge.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem blauen Fuballtrikot jagt einem Ball nach.
Ein Collie springt ber ein weies Hindernis.
Eine Person fhrt mit dem Snowboard in Kurven einen Hgel herunter.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einem umgestrzten Baum.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Pullover hlt einige schmutzige Schsseln in der linken Hand.
Ein Junge in einer grnen, blauen und grauen Jacke ldt ein Gewehr.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil wirft einen Fuball.
Ein Kind hlt einen Besen vor einem Weihnachtsbaum hoch.
Ein Junge in einem roten Schlafanzug, auf dem Pinguine und Schneeflocken abgebildet sind, spielt ein Pokemon-Kartenspiel.
Ein Mann in einem Kostm unterhlt vier Kinder.
Ein blondes Kind in einem roten Oberteil fhrt auf einem Fahrgeschft.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf Sthlen und schauen in die Kamera.
Ein blondes Kleinkind luft mit einem roten Blatt Papier in der Hand herum.
Ein Kind mit einem grnen Eimer ber ihrem oder seinem Kopf.
Eine braunhaarige Frau hlt einen kleinen Jungen, der ein Oberteil mit Rentiermotiv und eine Kochmtze trgt.
Ein Kind in roter Kleidung betrachtet Spielzeug von Toy Story an Weihnachten.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt neben einem Bcherregal und versucht ein kleines Kind zu unterhalten.
Zwei kleine Jungen laufen von einem See mit Enten davon.
Eine Afroamerikanerin springt mit ausgebreiteten Armen vor einer Landschaft aus pyramidenfrmigen Bauten hoch.
Ein Kind spielt Fuball auf einem Feld.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem gelben Oberteil wird mit einer Banane gefttert.
Zwei kleine Jungen kochen in einer Kche.
Ein frhliches Kind in einem T-Shirt mit Elmo-Motiv sitzt auf dem Rcksitz im Auto.
Der Weihnachtsmann und seine Frau posieren mit einem kleinen Kind.
Ein kleines Kind redet mit jemandem, der als eine Disney-Figur verkleidet ist.
Ein Kleinkind in einem T-Shirt mit Elmo-Motiv steht im Schlitten vom Weihnachtsmann.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt in einem Auto in einem Fahrgeschft.
Ein Kleinkind schmckt einen Weihnachtsbaum.
Ein Junge blst eine Kerze auf einem Kuchen aus, der mit einem Pinguin und dem Schriftzug "Happy Birthday, Quinn" verziert ist.
Ein Kleinkind in einem roten Overall steht auf einem Geschenk.
Ein Kind in einem T-Shirt, das mit Elmos Gesicht bedruckt ist, hlt eine rote Ukulele.
Eine Person befindet sich mitten in einem Sprung von der Schanze.
Ein Kleinkind mit dunklen Haaren wird in einem kleinen Waschbecken mit Seifenwasser gebadet.
Ein Straenmusiker spielt in einem Tunnel Schlagzeug.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt am Strand mit einem Eimer voll Muscheln.
An einer sandigen Strae ffnet ein Mann die Tr hinten links seines geparkten Fahrzeugs.
Der Mann, der an der Tr vorbeigeht, trgt ein weies T-Shirt und eine schwarze Jogginghose mit weien Lngsstreifen an der Seite.
Ein Mdchen in farbenfroher Kleidung am Strand.
Ein Snowboarder hebt sich als Silhouette gegen die Sonne ab, als er vom Boden abhebt.
Personen genieen eine gemeinsame Mahlzeit whrend der Feiertage.
Ein kleines Kind luft in der Nhe eines groen weien Zeltes an einem See entlang.
Zwei Kleinkinder sitzen in einem bunten Laufgitter.
Ein Junge macht ein Kunststck mit dem Fahrrad, befindet sich in der Luft und landet gleich.
Ein Ringer wirft einen anderen Ringer zu Boden.
Ein Mann schlummert auf dem Gehweg einer geschftigen Stadt.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer roten Jacke erkundet die felsige Umgebung.
Eine Person auf einem gelben Snowboard macht Kunststcke im Schnee.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen mit Spielsachen.
Zwei kleine Mdchen mit Kopftuch stehen neben einer Tr, whrend eine von ihnen ein Buch liest.
Ein Mann mit Bart fhrt am Strand Fahrrad.
Ein Mann hockt auf einem Felsen und beobachtet das ruhige Treiben des Meeres.
Ein kleines Mdchen kaut auf einem Schnuller zwischen zwei Autos.
Personen in einem Raum mit blauen Wnden und einer Tr ber ihren Kpfen.
Ein Junge spannt seine Muskeln an, whrend er ein Blatt hochhlt, auf dem "Easter egg hunt" steht.
Ein Kind luft und spielt mit Seifenblasen.
Zwei Mnner segeln auf einem motorisierten Schlauchboot.
Ein Mann hlt einen orangefarbenen Seestern hoch und steht brusttief im Meer.
Drauen vor einem Haus fhrt ein Mann eine Gruppe von Kindern in einer Reihe.
Ein Mann mit einer Sonnenbrille und einer Wollmtze hlt ein kleines Kind.
Eine Frau mit einem Hut zeigt in die Ferne.
Ein Basketballspieler befindet sich in der Luft macht gerade einen Wurf.
Eine riesige Reklametafel zeigt einen Waschbrettbauch.
Im Vordergrund sitzt ein Mann und im Hintergrund ist eine Frau mit einem Getrnk.
Ein Fahrradfahrer springt von einer Rampe.
Ein Motorradfahrer rast mit einem grnen Kawasaki Sportmotorrad ber eine Strae.
Ein asiatischer Junge jubelt, whrend er Bumper-Bowling spielt.
Zwei mnnliche Ringer mitten in einem Kampf.
Ein Mann und ein kleiner Junge sitzen und ruhen sich an einer Steinwand aus.
Zwei Frauen mit Kopfbedeckung befinden sich im ffentlichen Bereich und schauen sich an.
Der Mann steht an der Ecke und macht Musik.
Vier Kinder laufen neben einem blauen Haus auf einer Strae.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern sitzt auf einer Mauer.
Einige afrikanische Kinder tragen Hte aus Luftballons und blicken fasziniert auf etwas.
Jemand surft auf einer riesigen Welle.
Ein Mann trgt einen Teller mit Essen neben einem Straenverkufer.
Ein brauner Hund holt eine Boje aus dem Meer zurck.
Zwei Frauen tragen Schals ber ihren Kpfen und schauen den Fotografen wtend an.
Ein kleiner Junge in gelber Kleidung luft auf ein blaues Haus zu.
Drei Personen befinden sich neben einem Baum und die Frau berhrt das Gesicht eines der Mnner.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Mantel luft drauen.
Ein Fotograf sitzt auf seiner Kameratasche am Strand.
Ein Asiate spht durch ein Schaufenster.
Bei einem Mdchen-Fuballspiel spielt eine Mannschaft in rosa und die andere in hellblau.
Ein Mdchen beugt sich nach hinten und hlt ihren Hut fest.
Ein kleiner Junge luft von den herannahenden Wellen des Meeres weg.
Ein Fahrradfahrer springt mit seinem Fahrrad ber den Hgel.
Ein kleines Kind fhrt auf einem roten Schlitten einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinab.
Ein Hund sitzt drauen mit einem Ball in seiner Schnauze.
Drei Mnner mit aufeinander abgestimmten Hemden, Hosen und Hten und ein Mann in einem Gewand befinden sich in einem Raum.
Ein Musiker hlt eine Gitarre und filmt etwas.
Ein Mann mit einer beginnenden Glatze trgt ein schwarzes Enrolling-Stones-T-Shirt und liest ein Buch.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil sitzt in einem Stuhl.
Ein weier Mann spielt in einem Tonstudio Gitarre.
In einem Tonstudio wird Musik zusammengefgt.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Motorroller und hlt ein Bild hoch.
Eine Person vollfhrt auf einem hohen Berg ein Kunststck mit dem Snowboard.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen hlt sich gegenseitig hoch, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Personen stehen drauen bei Nacht.
Der kleine Junge steht umringt von Vgeln, die sich auf dem Gehweg zusammengefunden haben.
Personen stehen in einem Gebude und gucken aufmerksam.
Ein Mann in einem "Enrolling-Stones"-T-Shirt spielt auf seinem Keyboard von Yamaha.
Ein Mann mit Bart hlt ein Schild.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf Brosthlen und schauen ein Bild auf einem groen Bildschirm vor ihnen an.
Ein Mann in grner Kleidung in einem Tonstudio.
Eine groe Gruppe von Kirchenchorsngern auf einem Balkon.
Vier Personen lachen und sitzen auf einem Sofa.
Ein Junge in einem Wintermantel auf einem runden blauen Schlitten im Schnee.
Ein struppiger Hund hat Schnee auf seinem Fell und leckt seine Nase.
Eine Person wirft einen Gegenstand und ein Hund mit aufgebauschtem Fell macht einen Sprung, um ihn zu fangen.
Ein Jugendlicher gleitet mit einem Skateboard an einer Bank.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Badehose taucht ins Wasser ein.
Ein Mann in einer Uniform teilt etwas mit einer Gruppe von Kindern.
Ein Soldat und religise Geistliche kontrollieren und legen Gebetsteppiche aus.
Zwei groe Mwen befinden sich im Wasser.
Ein Kind kommt aus einer Rhrenrutsche und landet gleich auf dem Sand.
Ein Mann und eine Frau posieren vor einem Weihnachtsbaum.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht um mehrere aufblasbare pinkfarbene Sterne herum.
Ein Boxer springt im Schnee.
Acht Paare im mittleren Alter tanzen und sechs weitere Personen begeben sich auf die Tanzflche, whrend eine dreikpfige Band, die aus einem Gitarre-, Banjo- und Akkordeonspieler besteht, auf der Bhne spielt.
Der Mann ist ganz in wei gekleidet.
Ein Mann mit Bart und einem grauen Oberteil guckt in den Spiegel und rasiert sich den Kopf.
Ein Mann telefoniert mit seinem Mobiltelefon in der Stadt.
Zwei Mnner in weier Kleidung machen Kampfsport und das Bein eines Mannes befindet sich zwischen den Beinen des anderen.
Ein Mann hockt auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann und ein Mdchen laufen am Strand vor einem orangefarbenen Sonnenuntergang.
Zwei alte Mnner stehen in der Nhe eines Tisches in einem McDonald's- Restaurant.
Ein hellbrauner Hund mit einem schwarzen Halsband bellt im Schnee.
Zwei Vgel kommunizieren miteinander im Gras.
Ein groer weier Hund hpft ber ein schneebedecktes Feld.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau unterhalten sich an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen unterhalten sich lebhaft auf einer Party.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch vor einem Kuchen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau setzen Geburtstagskerzen auf einen Kuchen.
Ein Vogel planscht in einem Bach.
Vier Mdchen springen auf dem Sand in der Nhe des Meeres hoch und runter.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Oberteil auf einer sonnigen Strae und einer Menschenmenge im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau mit einem Schal redet mit einem Mann mit Brille.
Mehrere Personen genieen ihr Abendessen und unterhalten sich.
Drei lchelnde und zwei, der Kamera abgewandte, Personen stehen vor einer Htte in der Nacht.
Eine Gruppe von Personen feiert ausgelassen.
Drei kleine Jungen spielen auf einem groen schneebedeckten Feld.
Zwei Mnner, die als Weihnachtsmann verkleidet sind, treten im Park auf.
Auf einer Protestkundgebung hlt ein Mann ein Pro-Juda-Schild hoch.
Camper sitzen am Rande des Wassers.
Kinder spielen auf einem berfllten Festival im Gras.
Ein Mann schaut ber einen kleinen Felsen.
Eine blonde Frau sitzt an einem Schreibtisch mit einer gelben Landkarte an der Wand.
Ein junger Mann springt auf ein rotes Gelnder.
Ein kleines Kind versucht auf einer Bank im Park zu balancieren.
Eine Frau geht in der Nhe es Kanals spazieren.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Mnnern steht in der Mitte eines heruntergekommenen und leerstehenden Raums.
Eine Patientin in einem Krankenhaus streckt ihre Zunge heraus.
Ein Junge mit einem blauen Helm fhrt Fahrrad und hat seine Fe auf den Lenker gelegt.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund trainiert an einem Mann in Uniform einen Tter anzugreifen.
Ein Hund fngt gleich einen Leckerbissen mit seiner Schnauze.
Personen unterhalten sich und fahren mit einem Bus.
Ein Paar tanzt auf einer Tanzflche mit Stroboskoplicht.
Eine Tangotnzerin in roter Kleidung beendet ihr Programm.
Ein lchelnder kleiner Junge in roter Kleidung steht mit ausgestreckten Armen auf einem Felsen.
Cheerleader in roter und schwarzer Kleidung heben zwei Cheerleader ber ihre Kpfe.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Oberteil und einem Hut spielt ein Musikinstrument.
Ein Junge wirft einen brennenden Stock.
Drei Bauarbeiter arbeiten nachts an einer Strae.
Eine schwarzhaarige erwachsene Frau sitzt neben einem Tisch mit Naturprodukten.
Drei Mnner, die als Zenturio verkleidet sind, sitzen vor einem Gebude.
Ein kleines Kind mit einer grnen Brille lehnt sich an einer Stufe an.
Ein blonder Junge wischt sich die Nase an seinem hellblauen Oberteil ab.
Personen klatschen, whrend zwei Frauen ein Spiel spielen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil schlummert.
Drei Hunde laufen im Schnee.
Der Hund mit dem schwarzen und hellbraunen Fell legt sich hin und ein kleinerer Hund springt ber seinen Rcken.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern luft auf einem Feld.
Zwei Personen laufen auf dem Sand.
Ein Mann mit einer indianischen Weste spielt Schlagzeug.
Eine Gruppe von lchelnden Jugendlichen sitzt an einem Tisch und spielt ein Brettspiel.
Ein brauner Hund springt in die Luft.
Drei Hunde laufen im Schnee herum.
Ein Ringkampf wurde gerade beendet und der Verlierer ist enttuscht.
Ein Junge sitzt auf einem Dinosaurier-Stuhl und hlt einen blauen Gegenstand.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Helm in den Bergen.
Ein brauner Hund trgt einen Stock ber einen vereisten Teich in seiner Schnauze.
Ein Mann macht ein Kunststck mit einem Schwert und lsst dieses in seinen Rachen gleiten.
Ein Fahrradfahrer springt ber ein weies Gelnder.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt mit verschrnkten Armen auf einer Bank.
Zwei junge Frauen sitzen in knappen Kleidern auf einem kleinen Bett.
Zwei Mnner laufen auf einer nassen Gasse entlang.
Ein Schwimmbecken ist von Pflanzen umgeben und ein lchelndes Mdchen mit einem Eimer bespritzt ein anderes Mdchen mit Wasser.
Eine Familie posiert neben Kamin und Weihnachtsbaum.
Ein Student errtert etwas und trgt eine Brille, die ihn wie einen Wissenschaftler aussehen lsst.
Eine Frau spielt auf einer Akustikgitarre an einem Mikrofon.
Ein kleines blondes Kind mit einem blauen Oberteil und Jeans luft in den Wald.
Zwei Personen sitzen in Kajaks und fahren mit der Strmung.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Boot am Hafenbecken, das in einer felsigen Umgebung liegt und von Wasser und zwei weiteren Booten umgeben ist.
Zwei Hunde in gestreiften Pullovern raufen im Schnee.
Ein muskulser Mann in Badehose und eine kurvige Blondine im Bikini laufen zusammen am Strand.
Eine Person luft mit einem Netz ins Wasser.
Ein Kind hlt sein Gesicht durch ein ausgeschnittenes Loch und wird mit Wasser bespritzt.
Ein Mdchen in einem lilafarbenen Oberteil hlt ein Kissen.
Ein Mann schnitzt mit einer Kettensge die Figur eines Mannes in Holz.
Eine Frau springt ber eine Hrde auf einer Laufbahn.
Eine Person steht neben einem Steindenkmal und hlt seine Hand nahe seines Kopfes.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Berggipfel.
Ein Snowboarder gleitet an einer Rampe ber eine schneebedeckte Kluft entlang.
Ein Mann entfernt Buchstaben von einem Schild mithilfe eines langen Stabs.
Ein goldgelber Hund spielt einem anderen goldgelben Hund einen blauen Ball am Strand zu.
Ein Elternteil hilft seinem Kind beim Laufen im Schnee.
Eine Frau lchelt einen Mann mit Bart an, der in einem Gartenstuhl neben ihr sitzt.
Eine blonde Frau und ein glatzkpfiger Mann sitzen beisammen.
Eine Frau lacht, als sie von einem braunen Hund abgeleckt wird.
Eine Person taucht in einem Seetangwald.
Eine Familie luft eine Steintreppe in einem Park hinauf und ist von einer groen Grnflche umgeben.
Eine Menschenmenge steht in Bumen.
Ein Mann hlt ein Mikrofon, whrend er mit seiner Band auftritt.
Ein Mann trgt ein Marienkfer-Kostm.
Eine Frau macht auf einem glnzenden Boden einen Handstand und zwei andere stehen daneben.
Eine Frau mit einer Kopfbedeckung hlt ein Kleinkind.
Zwei Mnner, die Zwillinge sind, tragen das gleiche schwarze Oberteil und kmpfen.
Eine Frau luft mit einer groen Handtasche.
Ein junger Mann zeigt seine Begeisterung nachts auf einer Veranstaltung im Freien.
Zwei Erwachsene und ein kleines Kind posieren vor einer Wohnung.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt auf dem Dach und hlt einen Hammer.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil repariert eine Fahrradkette.
#Ein weies Kind in einer blauen kurzen Hose schlgt einen Tennisball mit einem Schlger.
Ein Mann, der als Weihnachtsmann verkleidet ist, sitzt auf einem Stuhl und spielt Banjo.
Der junge Mann trgt eine schwarze Kappe und ein Gewand und hlt seine Kappe fest.
Eine Frau bereitet frische Tortillas zu.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm macht ein Kunststck mit seinem BMX-Rad.
Zwei Frauen stbern vor einem Laden nach Glaswaren.
Ein Hund luft in einer Reifenspur im Schnee.
Eine Frau luft auf einer geschftigen Strae und trgt Unterlagen.
Eine Frau mit einer Nike-Kappe arbeitet fleiig.
Ein Mann in einer Jeans und einem T-Shirt ldt etwas in einen Anhnger ein.
Afrikanische Personen laufen an einem trkisfarbenen Gebude in der Wste vorbei.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Fahrrad auf einem Feldweg.
Eine afrikanische Frau entfernt sich von den Grashtten eines Dorfes und hlt eine Tasche in ihrer linken Hand.
Personen eines afrikanischen Stammes haben sich im Freien versammelt.
Drei Mnner stehen mit ihren Rcken zur Kamera gewandt und unter knstlichem Licht an einer Essensausgabe.
Eine Frau in einem weien und orangefarbenen Kleid tanzt mit einem Mann.
Ein Mann steht an einer Straenecke neben einem Kind, das ein Schild anguckt.
Eine Militreinheit steht stramm.
Afrikanische Personen mit Stammeskleidung in der Wste.
Ein Afrikaner luft ber ein Feld.
Ein Paar eines Stammes posiert fr ein Foto, whrend der Mann ein Gewehr auf seiner Schulter hlt.
Eine betriebsame Strae in der Stadt, auf der viele Menschen sind.
Eine Nahaufnahme eines Mannes und einer Frau.
Eine Person trgt ein Snowboard durch tiefen Schnee.
Ein Mann mit Hosentrgern macht einen Spagat in der Luft.
Zwei braune Hunde spielen im Schnee.
Der Mann in der schwarzen Jacke luft an einem bauflligen Treingang vorbei.
Mehrere Personen spielen und erholen sich am Strand.
Ein Motorradfahrer befindet sich hoch in der Luft.
Zwei Frauen stehen neben einem Tisch und verkaufen verschiedene Sachen.
Ein schwarzer und ein kleiner schwarz-weier Hund blicken auf eine Kchenarbeitsplatte.
Vier Personen und ein Hund spielen im Schnee.
Eine frisch verheiratete Braut befindet sich unter einem Schirm, der von einem Pfarrer gehalten wird.
Mnner in Schrzen arbeiten in der Kche.
Ein Verkufer kocht Essen und hat bereits auf zwei roten Benzinkanistern Essen zum Verkauf bereitgestellt.
Ein Mann surft auf einer riesengroen grnen Welle.
Eine Frau mit freundlichen Augen und langen braunen Haaren hlt eine Axt neben einem Baum.
Eine Frau schnrt jemandem die Schlittschuhe im Schnee zu.
Vier Mdchen in blauer Kleidung treten auf einem Basketballfeld vor Publikum auf.
Cheerleader in blauen Oberteilen und schwarzen Hosen tanzen in einer Sporthalle.
Zwei Mnner ringen, whrend andere ihnen dabei zuschauen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Mantel hlt ein Schild.
Ein Hund legt sich auf ein grnes Kissen.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt ber seinem selbstgebastelten Radio ein Plakat, auf dem "Radeo" steht.
Eine Frau mit langen braunen Haaren steht drauen im Schnee und hlt eine Harfe.
Die Frau mit den blonden Haaren posiert mit einer groen Akt.
Eine Frau hlt einen schwarzen und einen roten Fcher und trgt ein rotes Kleid.
Zwei Mnner in einer Personengruppe schauen auf etwas herab.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einer Reklametafel und schaut auf ihr Handy, whrend ein anderes Mdchen wartet.
Fnf Frauen mit Kopftchern und unterhalten sich.
Eine Gruppe von Personen befindet sich auf einem groen Raftboot in unruhigem Gewsser.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen luft Schlittschuh im Freien.
Eine Frau spielt mit langen roten Bndern auf einem leeren Platz.
Ein alter Mann macht einen Spaziergang entlang sanfter grner Hgel.
Ein Hund luft durch eine Wste und wird von Struchern umgeben.
Ein schwarzer Hund beit spielerisch den gelben Hund, der neben einem Mbelstck steht.
Mehrere Personen stehen und unterhalten sich in einem Raum mit vielen leeren Sthlen.
Whrend eines Marathons laufen viele Personen auf einer Strae entlang und werden von Zuschauern beobachtet.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einem Stuhl und hlt ein Mobiltelefon an ihrem Ohr.
Eine Person in einem orangefarbenen Mantel geht in der Dunkelheit herum.
Ein Mann reinigt mit einem Hochdruckreiniger die Treppe neben einem groen Schwimmbecken.
Eine Aufnahme von einem Volvo-Autohaus in der Nacht und zwei Personen, die von orangefarbenen Kegeln umgeben sind.
Ein Junge in einem roten Oberteil wird mit Wasser bespritzt.
Ein lterer Mann luft auf einem Rasensportplatz.
Eine Person in Jeans und Mantel joggt auf einem Gehweg.
Die Personen haben Spa miteinander.
Ein Mann lchelt, whrend er in einem Schaumbad sitzt und mit seinen Zehen vor der Kamera wackelt.
Ein groer Mann mit einer Jacke und einem Hut hlt sich etwas an sein Ohr heran.
Musiker spielen in der Nher einer Betonwand.
Mnner in Anzug und Krawatte laufen die Treppe herunter.
Mehrere Personen in roter Kleidung sitzen und stehen auf dem Rasen.
Ein leidenschaftliches, attraktives und junges Paar macht sich zum Tanzen bereit.
Vier Personen und ein Hund befinden sich am Rande des Ufers.
Ein Mann schaut durch ein Fernrohr auf einen Punkt sehr weit unter ihm.
Eine asiatische Frau hlt ein asiatisches Baby, das nach der Kamera greift.
Ein Paar macht ein Hochzeitsfoto mit ihrer Hochzeitsgesellschaft.
Eine junge Frau mit einer karierten Jacke und einer Maske ber dem Gesicht fhrt mit einem Fahrgast auf einem Roller.
Ein Skater fhrt ein Kunststck vor.
Ein Slalom-Skifahrer in roten Hosen und einem schwarzen Oberteil fhrt an einer roten Fahne vorbei.
Ein Skifahrer fhrt den Berg hinunter.
Zwei Mnner wirbeln brennende Fackeln am Strand herum.
Eine Person zeichnet chinesische Buchstaben mit den Fen.
Drei kleine Mdchen, die wie Schwestern aussehen, tragen rosafarbene und blaue Baseballhandschuhe und einen Baseball.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt im Schnee.
Zwei Mnner posieren mit zwei Frauen und alle tragen schwarze und weie Kleidung.
Ein weier Vogel mit einem langen Hals und gelben Beinen fliegt ber Wasser.
Ein junger Mann macht von einer Erhebung einen Salto in ein Gewsser hinein.
Drei schulpflichtige Kinder in Uniform springen Seil.
Ein Mann in einer Tarnjacke zieht mit einem Gelndewagen ein kleines Mdchen in einer fliederfarbenen Jacke und einer rosafarbenen Mtze auf einem Schlitten durch den Schnee.
Eine Frau trgt einen Ball und lchelt.
Ein Turner macht einen Salto ber die Stange.
Eine Braut macht sich mit ihren Brautjungfern in roter Kleidung bereit.
Der Mann fhrt mit einem Surfbrett auf einer groen Welle.
Die Hochzeitsgste der Braut.
Zwei Skifahrer machen sich zum Absprung vom Skilift bereit.
Ein Mann surft auf einer groen Welle im Meer.
Eine Frau in roter Kleidung kniet sich hin, um der sitzenden Braut dabei zu helfen, ihren Schuh anzuziehen.
Die Jugendlichen stehen drauen vor ihrer Schule.
Zwei Feuerwehrmnner in Uniform verlassen das Feuerwehrfahrzeug und laufen auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Person steht auf einer weitlufigen Flche schmelzenden Schnees.
Eine Menschenmenge steht vor einem groen Gebude, an dessen Vorderseite eine Tribne zu sehen ist.
Ein Schferhund luft durch den Schnee.
Ein Junge springt mit einem Skateboard in die Luft.
Eine Gruppe von Synchronschwimmern.
Ein Mann ksst eine Frau romantisch auf einem Parkweg.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut der Texas Longhorns arbeitet mit einer Nagelpistole auf dem Dach.
Ein einzelner Mann mit einem blauen T-Shirt, Jeans und einer Baseballkappe arbeitet auf dem Dach eines Hauses und verlegt Dachziegel. 
Ein Sugling in weier und fliederfarbener Kleidung schreit.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke raucht drauen eine Zigarette.
Ein Rodeoreiter in einem roten Oberteil reitet auf einem bockenden Wildpferd.
Ein Dachdecker mit einem grauen Pullover und einem orangefarbenen Hut geht auf dem halbfertigen Dach eines Hauses, das sich am See befindet.
Ein Holzfller sgt einen groen Baumstamm in einem kargen Wald ab.
Eine Menschenmenge vor einem Gebude ruft etwas und schwenkt amerikanische Fahnen.
Drei Mnner singen an zwei Mikrofonen.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Winterjacke und einem roten Oberteil steht an einer schneebedeckten Piste, hinter der man die Berge sehen kann.
Eine Gruppe von Erwachsenen sitzt bei einer Konferenz in einem Kreis.
Eine Frau in einer bauschigen roten Jacke posiert auf einer Eislaufbahn fr ein Foto.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern, Frauen und Kindern.
Der Surfer kommt von einer groen Welle im Wasser an.
Ein einzelner Snowboarder springt in die Luft und macht ein Kunststck.
Eine Gruppe von vier Personen luft auf einer schneebedeckten Strae.
Beim Verlassen des Bootes berreicht ein Mann einem anderen Mann ein Kind.
Ein kleiner wei-schwarzer Hund springt ber ein groes braunes Sofa.
Ein Kind mit einem weien Oberteil und einer Mtze klettert.
Der schwarze Hund springt aus dem Schnee heraus, um einen Gegenstand zu fangen.
Eine einzelne Person rudert ein kleines Boot auf einem See.
Ein Mann entleert in einer Anlage eine schwarze Mlltonne, die mit Mll vollgestopft ist.
Von der Strae aus sieht man in der Nacht Personen in einem Gebude.
Eine Gruppe von Personen luft neben Eisenbahnschienen.
Ein Mann macht mit seinem Gelndemotorrad in der Nacht einen Sprung.
Ein Einheimischer steht am Strand und lacht ber den Fotografen, der ein Foto macht.
Ein Junge sitzt in einem Einkaufswagen.
Die Silhouette einer Gruppe von Kletterern betrachtet die Sonne ber den Berggipfeln.
Eine groe Personengruppe steht vor einem Gebude.
Ein kleiner Hund mit einem grnen Pullover und einem Rucksack luft durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann bewundert Kunstwerke in einem Museum.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Hut hlt eine Sense und schneidet Weizen.
Ein Mann giet ein Glas Wein fr eine Frau ein.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf schwarzen Ledersthlen und einer von ihnen hlt eine koffeinfreie Coca Cola hoch.
Ein Mann tanzt beim Breakdance auf seinen Kopf in der Mitte der Tanzflche.
Ein Junge in brauner Kleidung luft auf einem Feldweg.
Ein Surfer befindet sich in der Mitte einer sehr groen Welle.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem weien Zylinder tanzt mit seiner Frau auf einer Veranstaltung.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund holt ein blaues Spielzeug.
Eine Gruppe von asiatischen Kindern sitzt neben anderen Zuschauern auf blauen Bnken.
Drei Rennhunde laufen, um ein Wettrennen zu beenden.
Ein lchelnder Mann mit einer Brille hlt ein schreiendes Baby an sein Gesicht.
Ein Traktor ist als Festwagen auf einem Umzug dekoriert.
Zwei schwarze Mnner in Winterkleidung posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt Klavier.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern steht mit einer Frau in Japan.
Ein Basketballspieler mit einem Ball und Verteidigern.
Eine Frau hlt sich an einem Holzgestell in einem Schwimmbecken in verschneiter Umgebung fest und hinter ihr befinden sich zwei halbnackte Mnner im Schwimmbecken.
Ein junges Paar macht Yogabungen vor einem Torii.
Eine Frau in einem weien Pullover luft auf einem Gehweg an Geschften vorbei.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby und lchelt fr die Kamera.
Kinder sitzen unter der Anweisung des Lehrers vor einem Computer.
Ein Handwerker arbeitet mit Holz und einer Nagelpistole.
Ein Basketballspieler dribbelt mit dem Ball und wird von einem anderen Spieler geblockt, whrend ein Schiedsrichter ihnen zuschaut.
Der Basketballspieler wirft den Basketball ins Netz.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf einem Pferd.
Ein Mann macht auf einer Halfpipe ein Kunststck mit dem Skateboard.
Ein Skater in Jeans und einem weien Oberteil fhrt ein Kunststck vor.
Ein Junge und eine Person auerhalb des Bildes spielen ein Kartenspiel.
Ein hellbrauner Hund luft mit in der Luft wehenden Ohren durch ein Feld.
Ein Fahrradfahrer befindet sich ber einer Rampe in der Luft.
Ein lterer Mann lsst sich von einem jngeren Mann vor vielen Zuschauern in einem Vortragssaal den Bart schneiden.
Kinder treten in schwarz-weier Kleidung auf.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in Kostmen sitzt und steht in der Nacht herum.
Zwei Kinder hngen von einem niedrigen Ast herab.
Eine weie Frau in einem farbenfrohen Kleid trinkt aus einem Glas.
Zwei Sumoringer stehen sich in einem Kampf gegenber.
Zwei Sumoringer kmpfen in einem Kreis.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem roten Grtel fhrt etwas vor.
Ein Junge schlft, whrend ihn seine Mutter auf ihrem Rcken trgt.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Kiste und spielt Gitarre.
Eine schwarze Frau in Winterkleidung steht in einem Gebudeeingang.
Ein Mann berquert eine Kreuzung und andere Personen laufen vorbei.
Personen schauen hoch, als der Himmel von etwas erleuchtet wird.
Eine Frau reitet auf einem Kinderspielzeug.
Drei Gitarristen in schwarzer Kleidung spielen auf ihren Instrumenten.
Der Mann macht ein Kunststck mit dem Skateboard im Freien.
Ein Mann in grner Kleidung schiet einen Ball und ein Mann in lilafarbener und weier Kleidung fllt auf den Boden.
Eine Gruppe von Personen hebt auf der Bhne die Hnde in die Luft.
Ein schwarzes Pferd mit einem weien Fleck auf der Stirn und weien Nstern rennt.
Eine Gruppe von Personen jubelt und unterhlt sich gut.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Nadelstreifenanzug liest Zeitung und raucht Zigarre.
Eine Frau in weier Kleidung dribbelt einen Basketball.
Sieben Kinder sitzen neben einer Person in schwarz-geblmter Kleidung.
Junge Mnner spielen am Strand Fuball.
Drei Personen mit Augenbinden stehen vor einem Greenpeace-Zeichen, das im Hintergrund hngt.
Ein Dalmatiner luft am Strand entlang.
Zwei kleine Jungen tragen die gleichen Sportsachen der New York Giants und spielen mit Wsche.
Ein Jugendlicher spielt mit zwei schwarzen Hunden im Schnee.
Ein grauer Terrier luft durch ein schneebedecktes Feld.
Ein Skispringer befindet sich in der Luft.
Ein Mann mit einem Namensschild, auf dem "Jim" steht, strickt.
Eine blonde Frau sitzt unter dem Vordach eines Putenzuchtbetriebs.
Ein Skater befindet sich an der Spitze der Rampe in der Luft.
Ein kleiner Hund luft durch das Gras.
Der Skater springt mit seinem Skateboard in die Luft, whrend ein anderer Skater ihm zuschaut.
Ein Windhund rennt.
Ein weier und ein brauner Hund spielen im abgestorbenen Gras.
Zwei Mnner singen Karaoke und einer von ihnen trgt ein blaues Nadelstreifenhemd.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen sitzt in einem berfllten Raum um einen Tisch herum und arbeitet mit Garn.
Ein Mann wirbelt einen Fackelstab herum.
Ein braun-weier Hund spielt mit einem blauen Ball in einer mit Wasser gefllten blauen Schale.
Eine Frau und ein Mann fahren mit ihren Fahrrdern ber eine groe Strae.
Viele Menschen haben sich um ein blaues Schild versammelt.
Ein Mann in orangefarbener Kleidung hebt in der Nhe einer Menschenmenge ein Fahrrad hoch.
Ein kleiner wei-schwarzer Hund verfolgt einen etwas greren braunen Hund auf einer Grnflche.
Zwei Personen in einem orangefarbenen Rennwagen.
Das mit Passagieren besetzte Boot wird mithilfe eines groen Seils aus dem Wasser herausgehoben.
Ein Kind spielt in den Wellen bei untergehender Sonne.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt auf einem Baumstamm.
Eine Mutter hlt ihr Kind auf einem roten Sofa, whrend beide sich gut unterhalten.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Jacke und einem Hut redet mit einem anderen Mann.
Ein Junge wartet drauen vor einem vergitterten Fenster.
Ein Skifahrer in roten Hosen steht auf einem schneebedeckten Hang.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern trinken und unterhalten sich an einer Bar.
Eine Frau sitzt mit einem Baby auf einem Teppichboden.
Der braun-weie Hund spielt im Schnee.
Ein Mann, eine Frau und ein Kind sitzen und essen im Freien.
Ein Kind und ein Mann laufen im Sand.
Ein kleines Kind in einem weien Mantel spielt mit einem Golfspiel fr Kinder.
Drei Personen posieren am Hang eines Berges.
Ein Reiher fliegt in der Nhe von Blattwerk durch die Luft.
Ein Fahrradfahrer wird whrend eines Sprungs von einer Rampe fotografiert.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen bei der Trauung am Altar.
Ein Mann fegt vor einem Baum die Strae.
Eine Frau ksst einen Mann in einem orangefarbenen Oberteil und einer braunen Jacke auf die Wange.
Zwei blonde Frauen sitzen mit einem kleinen Hund im Gras.
Eine junge Frau in einem gelben Oberteil luft bei einem Wettrennen ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Tafel und zeigt auf Diagramme.
Ein Hund kaut auf einer Metallstange.
Ein Asiate telefoniert an seinem Arbeitsplatz mit dem Handy.
Drei Frauen laufen mit Nummern auf ihrer Brust.
Mehrere Personen reden mit rzten in einem Raum.
Ein brauner Hund grbt frhlich im Sand.
Zwei Kinder laufen mit ihren Ruckscken auf einem Gehweg.
Vater und Tochter spielen im flachen Wasser eines Sees miteinander.
Ein groer Vogel fliegt im Sturzflug in Richtung Boden.
Acht Mnner und Frauen posieren treppenfrmig mit ausgestreckten Armen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen rennt ber eine Wiese.
Ein Junge skatet an einer Stange und drei Jungen schauen ihm zu.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht auf einem schneebedeckten Hgel und schaut sich den Sonnenuntergang an.
Ein wei-brauner Kater schlgt nach einer ausgefransten Schnur, die vor ihm baumelt.
Ein kleiner Junge liegt auf dem Bauch im Gras.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern in bunt gemischter Kleidung luft bei einem Marathon.
Ein Eishockeyspieler trinkt aus einer grnen Flasche Wasser.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung und einer Sturmhaube spielt Gitarre.
Ein Junge in weien kurzen Hosen steht auf einem rostigen Turm.
Ein Mann verrenkt sich beim Baseballspielen.
Ein Mann mit Muffins und Kaffee betrachtet die Aussage "Who are you?".
Ein Mann ist mit offenem Mund eingeschlafen.
Eine Frau beobachtet schwimmende Kinder im Freibad.
Kinder schlafen auf Matten auf dem Boden.
Ein Hockeyspieler in blauer und roter Kleidung verteidigt das Tor.
Zwei Personen befinden sich vor einer rebenumrankten Mauer unter einer groen roten Blume und lcheln.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Mantel sitzt auf einer Bank und liest mit einer Lupe ein Buch.
Eine Frau in einer weien Jacke luft an einer Reklametafel vorbei, die fr Hamburger wirbt.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Pullover schiebt einen weien Wagen auf dem Gehweg, whrend ein anderer Mann mit einem Rucksack vorbeiluft.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Einkaufswagen und Menschen, die auf der Strae laufen.
Ein Mann mit vier Rennhunden in der Natur.
Mehrere Breakdancer stellen sich an den Straenrand einer Stadt, an dem sich viele Zuschauer versammeln.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem weien Oberteil schiet ein Tor.
Ein Mann in einer weien Hose singt und spielt Gitarre, whrend zwei andere Bandmitglieder mitspielen und tanzen.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und singt neben einer Frau in einem Kleid, die ein Instrument spielt.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Rettungsring.
Drei Personen spielen in einer Band.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil und Jeans singt in ein Mikrofon auf der Bhne.
Ein Jugendlicher mit einem lilafarbenen Halstuch spielt E-Gitarre und schreit in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei junge Hallenhockey-Spielerinnen kmpfen um den Ball.
Ein Jugendlicher hackt auf einer schneebedeckten Strae Holz, whrend ein anderer Jugendlicher auf ihn zuluft.
Bauarbeiter mit Handschuhen bearbeiten Holz.
Ein Mann hackt Holz in kleine Stcke im Schnee.
Ein Snowboarder fliegt durch die Luft.
Zwei Personen fahren auf einer leeren Strae in der Nhe des Meeres Fahrrad.
Eine Frau trgt Eimer in den Bergen der lndlichen Umgebung.
Ein lchelnder Mann lehnt sich nach rechts und steht hinter einer lchelnden Frau, die sich nach links lehnt.
Ein Mann fhrt in einem Skatepark Rollschuh.
Ein Surfer fhrt auf einer Welle hinauf.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke mit Reiverschluss fhrt Snowboard.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil spielt auf einem Platz Tennis.
Ein Hund galoppiert am Strand.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm steht auf der Motorhaube eines brennenden Autos, whrend ihm Menschen zuschauen.
Ein Vater und sein kleiner Sohn amsieren sich im Schwimmbecken.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund trgt einen groen Stock ber den grnen Rasen.
Ein Hund springt in die Luft und fngt eine Frisbeescheibe.
Eine junge Frau arbeitet hinter der Theke einer Saftbar.
#Ein Mann verkauft ausgefallene Ballons auf der Strae.
Eine Person springt mit Skiern ber den Schnee.
Eine Person bowlt auf einer farbenfrohen Bowlingbahn.
Ein Mann fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf einer Strae und ist dicht gefolgt von einem Schferhund und eventuell einem schwarzen Labrador, whrend ihm zwei jngere Mnner auf dem Bordstein entgegenlaufen.
Zwei Mnner reden eng beieinander auf einer Party.
Ein Snowboarder fliegt auf einem schneebedeckten Berg durch die Luft und macht ein Kunststck.
Zwei Frauen bereiten in der Kche Gemse im Wok zu.
Der junge Mann fliegt mit seinem grnen Snowboard durch die Luft.
Zwei Personen, ein Mann und eine Frau, lehnen sich an ein Gebude und unterhalten sich.
Eine Frau steht in einer Gruppe von Personen in einem Bro.
Zwei Bergmnner arbeiten in einer groen Zeche.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund bringt einen groen Stock im Schnee zurck.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut auf einem Motorroller.
Eine Frau mit rosafarbenen Haaren steht drauen mit einem grnen Mantel und einem Schal mit Herzen.
Ein Snowboarder befindet sich in der Luft in der Nacht.
Ein Polizist lehnt gegen sein Motorrad und beobachtet die Straen.
Zwei Personen auf Feldbetten beobachten das Wasser in der Dmmerung.
Eine Person in einem roten Oberteil auf einem Skateboard.
Vier Asiatinnen posieren fr ein Foto.
Personen unterhalten sich im Innenraum eines Schiffs.
Eine Person springt mit dem Fahrrad von einem groen Erdhgel.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und ein Mdchen stehen auf der Strae.
Eine afrikanische Frau mit einem Kind schreibt das Alphabet an eine Tafel.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich auf dem Bordstein, whrend ein gelbes Taxi an einem mit Werbung berladenen Hintergrund vorbeifhrt.
Erwachsene stehen in einem Klassenraum in Afrika.
Personen haben sich auf einer Bhne im Wasser zu einer Feier versammelt.
Kinder spielen Musik im Freien.
Eine Person macht einen Rckwrtssalto, whrend im Hintergrund Personen vorbeigehen und Autos vorbeifahren.
Ein junger rothaariger Mann spielt E-Gitarre.
Zwei weie Hunde laufen auf einem Untergrund, der mit buntem Laub bedeckt ist.
Eine afrikanische Frau in traditioneller Kleidung spielt auf einer Trommel.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten mit einer Maschine bei Nacht.
Eine Frau in schwarzer Kleidung steht und raucht mit einem anderen Mdchen, das auf der Treppe sitzt.
Ein Puma springt von einem Felsen.
Ein Skifahrer macht einen Sprung mit berkreuzten Skiern.
Zwei Frauen bleiben stehen, um ein Foto vor der Schokoladenfabrik zu machen.
Eine Frau steht auf Stelzen auf einem Gehweg und wird von Zuschauern angeguckt.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt mit einem jngeren Mann auf einer roten Bank.
Ein Weikopfadler steht im flachen Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem lilafarbenen Mantel starrt einen Fisch auf einem Markt an.
Ein Skater macht ein Kunststck auf einer Rampe.
Ein blonder Hund fngt mit seiner Schnauze einen Ball im Schnee.
Eine sechskpfige Familie und drei Hunde gehen im Wald spazieren.
Eine Gruppe von kleinen Kindern steht in einer Reihe und lehnt sich gegen eine Mauer.
Ein Fahrradfahrer in einem verschneiten Wald bei Nacht.
Ein Mann befindet sich auf dem Boden einer Stierkampfarena neben einem weien, auf den Vorderbeinen stehenden, Stier, whrend ein anderer Mann auf ihn zuluft.
Eine Person auf Stelzen beugt sich nach vorn.
Ein weier Hund mit hellbraunen Ohren luft durch den Schnee.
Ein kleines Kind spielt an den Gerten im Park.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber eine grasbewachsene Stelle, die von Bumen umgeben ist.
Ein Mdchen wird an ihrer Hand ttowiert.
Zwei Mdchen in Sumoringer-Hosen ringen, whrend ihnen Menschen zuschauen.
Ein Rodeo-Cowboy in Lederkleidung starrt unverwandt nach vorne, whrend ihn Personen auerhalb des Rings anschauen.
Eine Personengruppe wandert im Wald.
Eine ltere Frau gibt Gewrze in ein Gericht, das sie zubereitet.
Sie geben der Schildkrte Wasser und der kleine Junge freut sich darber.
Eine Familie berlegt in einem Restaurant, was sie bestellen mchte.
Ein Snowboarder springt von einer hohen Steinmauer.
Zwei Personen stehen neben einer Ziege.
Der Hund mit dem Maulkorb und der Nummer acht rennt auf einer Aschenbahn.
Ein Koch redet ins Mikrofon, whrend er den Deckel von einem Teller mit frischem Essen hebt.
Ein junger Mann mit Dreadlocks und einem Batik-Oberteil macht mit seinem Skateboard Kunststcke.
Eine Person in einem blauen Mantel und weien Turnschuhen befindet sich in der Luft.
Die Jugendlichen machen von sich ein Gruppenfoto.
Eine Person ist mit weier Kleidung geschmckt und fhrt auf einem Motorrad.
Zwei kleine Mdchen in grner und lilafarbener Kleidung lesen ein Buch.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Oberteil luft lchelnd.
Ein Mann in einem blau-weien Trikot wirft den Basketball und wird von einem Mann in einem wei-roten Trikot geblockt.
Eine Afroamerikanerin in einem blauen Oberteil schaut auf Essen hinab.
Die Frau mit der Brille malt das Gesicht des blonden Mdchens.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Parkplatz und macht Handzeichen zu zwei Frauen.
Ein weier Mann in einer wei-roten Badehose springt in ein Schwimmbecken.
Touristen versammeln sich vor einem historischen Gebude im Winter.
Ein Mann mit einem grauen Hut schiebt ein Gert ber das Eis.
Ein Hund springt ins Wasser.
Ein Kind in einem grauen Wintermantel und blauen Schneestiefeln ist traurig darber, dass ihr Spielhuschen von Schnee bedeckt ist.
Der Mann prft die Kontrollanzeige, whrend er mit groen Maschinen arbeitet.
Ein Mann bedient ein kleines Gert.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem Bissen Frhstcksflocken.
Eine Person in einer roten Jacke und schwarzen Hose joggt am Ufer.
Ein kleines Mdchen rollt einen riesigen Schneeball im Freien.
Eine Gruppe von Personen luft durch den Nebel auf ein gruseliges Haus zu.
Ein Mdchen springt am Meer in die Luft.
Ein Mdchen in einem Kostm fhrt einen Tanz vor, whrend ihr die anderen Mdchen in Kostmen zuschauen.
Personen stehen herum und betrachten Bildschirme an der Wand.
Personen sind, ausgenommen von erhobenen Armen, schwer auszumachen.
Viele Hunde befinden sich auf dem Rasen.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht Seifenblasen auf einem Hof, whrend im Hintergrund ein Schiff zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem roten Gelndewagen ber einen schroffen Hgel.
Ein Mann mit regenbogenfarbenen Haaren und eine Frau johlen aus dem Fenster einer Limousine.
Viele Personen klettern in einem Seilgarten.
Ein Mann in einer leuchtend gelben Jacke und einer schwarzen Hose fhrt Fahrrad im Schnee auf einer Strae, die mit einer Leitplanke abgegrenzt ist. 
Mnner in blauen Oberteilen arbeiten an einem Auto.
Ein junger Mann jongliert mit sechs schwarzen und weien Bllen.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters mit einer Schrze trgt einen Behlter mit Eiscreme und Eiswaffeln.
Der Mann sitzt auf einem Hocker und spielt Posaune.
Drei Hunde laufen ber ein weitlufiges und grasbedecktes Gebiet.
Ein Hund in einem Geschirr zieht einen rosafarbenen Wagen hinter sich im Schnee her.
Balletttnzerinnen tanzen auf einer groen Bhne unter blauem Scheinwerferlicht.
Ein Mann liegt in der Mitte einer schmutzigen Gasse.
Ein Kind betrachtet ein Snowboard im Schnee.
Der Skifahrer beugt sich im Schnee vor.
Ein Snowboarder springt ber einen schneebedeckten Hgel.
Ein braun-weier Hund steht auf dem Sand und schaut einen anderen Hund an.
Eine Gruppe von Knstlern macht eine gemeinsame Bewegung auf der Bhne.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund zieht Gegenstnde auf einem roten Schlitten umher.
Eine Personengruppe hat sich am Strand zu einer Beerdigung versammelt.
Ein Mann schnitzt mit einer Kettensge einen Eisblock.
Ein lterer Mann in einem hellgrnen, gelben und roten Oberteil hlt ein rotes Akkordeon.
Fahrradfahrer treten in einem Rennen gegeneinander an, welches sie auf einen unbefestigten Bergweg fhrt.
Ein Hundeschlitten mit zwei Passagieren fhrt durch Schnee.
Ein braunes Eichhrnchen springt in einem verschneiten Gebiet in die Luft.
Drei Fensterputzer arbeiten.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit dunklen Haaren und einer roten Schleife lchelt, als sie einen kleinen dunkelhaarigen Jungen umarmt.
Personen stehen auf einer vereisten Strae im Schnee um ein Auto herum.
Ein Teilnehmer des Hundeschlittenrennens fhrt an Zuschauern vorbei.
Ein kleiner Junge bewundert einen grnen Sportwagen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen schwenken amerikanische Flaggen auf einem Kongress.
Drei Hunde laufen im Dreck.
Ein Mann versucht einen besonderen Wurf auf einer kleinen Bowlingbahn, whrend seine Freunde ihm dabei zuschauen.
Die Mnner werfen ein paar Krbe.
Ein kleines Mdchen trgt ein gestreiftes Kleid und einen rosafarbenen Schal.
Personen spielen auf einer schneebedeckten Strae.
Ein Clown in einem schwarz-wei gestreiften Oberteil unterhlt ein kleines Mdchen.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt an einem Tisch im Restaurant und hlt ein Glas.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten an einer Bordsteinkante.
Ein Mann zeichnet ein Bild auf einem Balkon mit Blick auf eine Kirche.
Ein Schferhund luft in den Schnee.
Ein Junge luft durch ein groes Rad.
Zwei Jungen laufen in einer Blechtonne.
Zwei Frauen mit schwarzen Handtaschen schauen hinter eine Kamera.
Ein Mann in einem dicken Mantel nimmt an einem Bahnhof Reparaturen vor.
Zwei weie Pudel spielen Tauziehen im Schnee.
Ein brauner Hund hlt einen groen Stock in seiner Schnauze und luft in den Schnee.
Eine blaue Figur sitzt in der Tribne auf einer Sportveranstaltung.
Ein Volleyballspieler in einem orangefarbenen Oberteil springt hoch, um den Ball zu schlagen.
Zwei Frauen in orangefarbener Kleidung springen hoch und blocken einen Schlag bei einem Volleyballspiel.
Zwei braune Hund mit Maulkorb rennen auf einer Wiese um die Wette.
Die lchelnde Frau steht im Gras neben einem Bach.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann in einer braunen Jacke steht whrend eines Schneegestbers in New York City vor einem Zeitungsstand des Bryant Parks.
Eine Gruppe von Personen luft um die Wette.
Personen vor einem beigefarbenen fnfstckigen Gebude.
Eine Frau liegt auf einem Bett und ffnet ein Paket.
Eine Frau mit einem Pelzmantel und einem Hut betrachtet Blumen.
Ein kleines Mdchen luft auf einer von Bumen gesumten Strae.
Drei Personen in jadegrner Kleidung reden nahe eines Zauns miteinander.
Personen betrachten Kunstwerke in einer Ausstellung.
Zwei Snowboarder in gelber und grner Kleidung springen in die Luft.
Ein Mann steht in einem Wald und schaut durch ein lchriges Stck Holz.
Zwei Mnner mit langen Haaren stehen vor einem Fenster.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt einen Schlger, mit dem er auf eine Piata schlgt.
Zwei junge Mnner stehen an einem verschneiten Abend an einer geffneten Haustr.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Erwachsenen posiert vor Gebuden.
Eine Mutter kniet und richtet das Kleid ihrer Tochter.
Mutter und Tochter gehen zum Einkaufen in die Stadt.
Ein Skifahrer mit einer weien Sonnenbrille rast einen schneebedeckten Berg hinunter.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters entfernt den Schnee auf seinem Autodach mit einem Besen.
Ein Mdchen mit einem schwarzen Mantel und einem roten Hut rodelt auf einem roten Schlitten einen verschneiten Hgel hinunter.
Zwei kleine Kinder in Wintermnteln spielen im Schnee.
Ein kleiner Junge erzhlt einem kleinen Mdchen ein Geheimnis.
Ein Snger singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein braun-weier Hund luft in der Nhe eines Zauns im Schnee.
Ein Mann geht durch Feuer.
Ein Mann befindet sich auf dem Boden neben einer Reihe von Autos, whrend ein anderer Mann steht und die Beine des einen Mannes hlt.
Ein Mann springt von einem Stapel Holz.
Eine Frau berprft ihren Trainingsfortschritt auf dem Display des Laufbands im Fitnessstudio.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil wandert ber einen Naturwanderweg.
Eine Person sitzt am Strand mit einem Regenbogen im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen spielt Karten.
Eine Frau schiebt einen Kinderwagen an einem Zaun vorbei, hinter dem einige Jungen in Uniform stehen und ihre Hnde hindurchstrecken.
Zwei Mnner machen ein Rennen im Wasser.
Mehrere Surfer schwimmen im Meer und warten auf eine Welle.
Ein Junge und eine junge Frau mit einem Kopftuch machen Friedenszeichen.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt im Schnee herum.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt mit ihren Puppen.
Ein braunhaariger Mann mit einer Brille und einem burgunderroten Kapuzenpullover sitzt an einem Esstisch und guckt auf sein Mobiltelefon.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stellen eine Kamera auf.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer rosafarbenen Jacke befindet sich im Mittelpunkt des Bildes.
Ein Mann befragt in einer Menschenansammlung einen Jungen.
Ein Mann ist in Flammen gehllt und wird von zwei Kollegen der Filmcrew berwacht.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und ein anderer spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein grauer Hund luft mit einem Maulkorb und einer gestreiften Kennzeichnung mit der Nummer acht.
Eine Frau mit dunklen Haaren arbeitet an einem bunten Stoff.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem lilafarbenen Halsband und einer schwarzen Leine luft durch das Gras.
Wunderschne Berglandschaft und ein Skilift.
Eine Person auf einem blauen Schlitten springt ber eine im Schnee liegende Gruppe.
Ein Mann tanzt vor einer Menschenmenge auf der Strae.
Ein Mann befestigt eine Kamera auf einem Stativ, whrend eine Frau im Hintergrund steht.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einer Bhne.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Mantel mit einer Kamera auf einem Stativ.
Ein Mann spielt vor einer Backsteinmauer Gitarre.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer Wintermtze rutscht einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinunter.
Der Mann in weier Kleidung spielt gegen den Mann in blauer Kleidung Basketball.
Ein hellbraun-weier Hund luft an einem sonnigen Tag auf dem Sand.
Ein Hund luft mit dem Kopf voran auf eine Hrde zu.
Ein Hund betrachtet einen weien Schwan, der im See schwimmt.
Ein Mann macht einen Kopfstand vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann posiert vor einer Menschenmenge auf einer geschftigen Strae.
Ein Mann mit einem bunten Trikot und einer Kappe tritt vor einer Menschenmenge in einer stdtischen Umgebung auf.
Ein Junge luft durch die Brandung am Strand.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Lederjacke schlft in einem ffentlichen Transportmittel ein.
Mehrere Kinder laufen mit einer Frau zusammen.
Personen versammeln sich unter farbigen Lichtern in einem groen Zelt.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Schneeanzug befindet sich auf einem Hundeschlitten im Schnee.
Eine Person auf einem Schlitten wird von Hunden durch den Schnee gezogen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil posiert vor einem weien Zaun und einem groen Gebude.
Ein rothaariges Mdchen sitzt in der Badewanne und hat Schaum an ihrem Kinn.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Trikot dribbelt mit dem Basketball in die entgegensetzte Richtung des Mannes in dem weien Trikot.
Ein gelbes Stofftierkostm auf einem Straenfest.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern spielt Rugby.
Ein alter Mann in weier Kleidung sitzt auf einem Hocker und spielt Saxophon.
Ein Mann konzentriert sich auf seine Musik und hlt seine Geige.
Der Bauarbeiter steht auf einer Leiter auf einem Brgersteig und repariert mit einer groen Bohrmaschine ein Gebude.
Zwei Fechter kmpfen in voller Montur beim Fechtunterricht.
Zwei Mnner spielen Frisbee auf einem Feld.
Zwei Mnner entwirren ihre Netze am Kai.
Die zwei kleinen Jungen spielen in einer Pftze an einem angenehmen Tag.
Ein Mann trgt ein Baby, das eine Brille in der Hand hlt.
Eine Person auf einem Fahrrad springt an einem Strand hoch in die Luft.
Mehrere Kinder sitzen und halten Basketblle.
Eine Frau geht mit einer Packung Eier durch einen Markt.
Rettungshelfer heben eine Person auf eine Transporthilfe in einem verschneiten Gebiet.
Junge asiatische Studenten lcheln und zeigen ihre neuen Basketblle.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Oberteil inmitten von Spielzeug.
Ein Rettungshelfer leitet einen Mann an, der einen Schlitten mit der Notfallausrstung auf einem schneebedeckten Pfad zieht.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund beit in einem Eisbrocken.
Drei Personen stehen auf der Bhne und zwei von ihnen schauen der anderen Person beim Spielen der Trompete zu.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit seiner Mutter im Park.
Zwei weie Hunde schwimmen von Angesicht zu Angesicht in dunklem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit einer Stirnlampe steht in einer Hhle.
Ein Motocrossrad wird auf einem Waldweg entlanggefahren.
Zwei Lufer machen sich auf der Laufbahn fr das Rennen bereit.
Ein gelber Hund luft auf einem Feldweg.
Eine Gruppe von Musikern spielt auf einer Bhne.
Ein Motocrossfahrer mit roten Spritzern von Schlamm und Regen befindet sich auf seinem Motorrad.
Eine Frau scheint Probleme beim Hochheben eines Gegenstands zu haben.
Ein weier Hund mit einem orangefarbenen Punkt springt durch getrocknetes Gras.
Ein Junge gleitet mit seinem Skateboard an einer Kante.
Personen in einem Schwimmbecken, in dem etwas das Wasser sehr hoch spritzen lsst.
Der braun-schwarze Hund rennt durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann fhrt mit Skiern auf einem schneebedeckten Boden zwischen Bume hindurch.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil stemmt eine Hantelstange.
Eine Personengruppe befeuert einen Heiluftballon.
Drei Hunde laufen im Schnee um die Wette.
Ein Hund luft an einer Kuh auf einer Wiese vorbei.
Ein Hund und ein Huhn neben einem Gebude.
Eine Frau in Jeans und einer schwarzen Jacke steht vor einem wei-roten Bus auf einer Strae.
Ein Mann navigiert ein blaues Boot an farbenfrohen Husern vorbei.
Ein brauner Hund verzieht sein Gesicht und steht am Strand.
Ein Junge auf einem Snowboard springt durch die Luft.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen stehen dicht gedrngt in einem Zug.
Zwei Personen machen Sumoringen.
Ein kleiner schwarzer und ein groer brauner Hund befinden sich im Schnee.
Ein Mann spricht mit zwei Frauen.
Eine schwarze Frau und zwei schwarze Kinder sitzen in einem strohgedeckten Zelt.
Auf einem Parkplatz stehen viele Fahrrder und Dreirder.
Ein Khlschrank ist in einen Schneewall eingeklemmt und ein Mann fhrt darauf Ski.
Eine Gruppe von schwarzen Mnnern ldt Gepck auf das Dach eines Busses.
Eine Frau in einem fliederfarbenen Trgerhemd verkauft an einem Stand Popcorn.
Mehrere Personen sitzen auf einem Dach in einer Stadt im Nahen Osten.
Der Mann singt ein Lied, whrend ein anderer Mann Gitarre spielt.
Mnner arbeiten an einem Projekt.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Oberteil schlgt mit einem Tennisschlger einen Ball.
Ein leger gekleideter Mann unterhlt sich mit einem Mann im Anzug.
Ein Mann schlgt einen Tennisball mit einem Schlger.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt an einem Bedienungspult.
Ein Zimmermdchen in einer weien Uniform fegt den Boden.
Der Motocrossfahrer springt mit seinem Gelndemotorrad.
Zwei Mdchen stehen in einem Holztor und ein Mdchen winkt.
Ein Geigenspieler und ein Snger treten vor Publikum auf.
Ein stehender Mann schaut auf ein Buch und ein sitzender Junge hlt etwas.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil raucht.
Ein Mann spielt Akustikgitarre, whrend die anderen Mnner Handbewegungen machen.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem Motorrad und ist von Kopf bis Fu mit Schlamm bedeckt.
Drei Frauen und Mnner verkaufen ihre Gegenstnde an einem kalten Wintertag.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern zieht ein Seil auf einem Felsen.
Ein Schwimmer taucht aus dem Wasser aus, um Luft zu holen.
Ein Mann sitzt und arbeitet an einem Computer.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem blauen Eimer streicht ein Fenstergitter.
Ein Mdchen in Schulkleidung auf einem Baum.
Ein Mann taucht ins Wasser in der Nhe der Kste.
Personen von unterschiedlicher Herkunft im hinteren Teil eines groen Wagens.
Zwei groe Hunde rennen und werden von einem dritten Hund beobachtet.
Drei Frauen lcheln, whrend hinter ihnen Bilder zu sehen sind.
Ein Hund zwickt in das Bein eines Pferdes.
Vier junge Frauen in Bikinis spielen Beachvolleyball.
Eine Frau in frmlicher Reitbekleidung reitet auf ihrem Pferd am Strand.
Mehrere Personen sind durch das Fenster einer U-Bahn zu sehen.
Ein Mann mit einem dnnen Schnurrbart und einer Baskenmtze gestikuliert, whrend er sich mit zwei Frauen unterhlt.
Ein Mann auf einem Skateboard macht ein Kunststck.
Ein Mann mit einem silbernen Helm tanzt beim Breakdance auf seinem Kopf und ein anderer spielt Musik, whrend Zuschauer vorbeigehen.
Ein Mann in einem schrillen goldenen Oberteil steht in einer Wohnung.
Ein Basketballspieler versucht auf den Korb zu zielen und wird von anderen Spielern geblockt.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Straenfest ein Kunststck vor, bei dem er ber mehrere aufgereihte Menschen einen Salto macht.
Ein Streifenhrnchen steht an der Kante eines Feldes und einer Strae.
Eine Gruppe von Wanderern berquert eine Brcke.
Ein kleiner brauner Hund luft in den Schnee.
Ein Gelndemotorrad whlt den Boden auf.
Ein einzelner Skifahrer fhrt bei blauem Himmel einen einsamen Hgel hinunter.
Ein weier Vater und sein Sohn in blauen Neoprenanzgen und mit Boogiebrettern im Wasser.
Personen stehen auf einem Bahnsteig und lesen Zeitung.
Personen tanzen in einer Turnhalle bei einem Wettbewerb.
Der Rennhund trgt einen Maulkorb und ein gestreiftes Trikot mit der Nummer acht.
Ein alter Mann in einem roten Oberteil sitzt auf einer grnen Bank.
Drei Mnner stehen an zwei Waagen neben groen Haufen mit frischem Gemse.
Ein weier Kranich fliegt ber Wasser.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch Gras in der Nhe eines Gewssers.
Eine rothaarige Frau trgt ein Baby in einer Tragevorrichtung an ihrer Brust.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einem Mikroskop, whrend ihn mindestens vier andere beobachten und einer ihn filmt.
Eine Musikgruppe spielt in einem dunklen Innenraum.
Ein Mann trgt einen Schal um seinen Kopf und spielt drauen Flte.
Eine Person ist mit einem Gurt gesichert und schwingt in Richtung eines herabhngenden Balls.
Zwei Hunde liegen auf dem lilafarbenen Bett auf dem Rcken.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil hlt Zeitschriften in der Hand.
Ein Mann hlt in einer Empfangshalle einen Stapel Zeitungen und eine Frau neben ihm hat sich eine Zeitung genommen und lchelt.
Ein kleines Mdchen fllt eine Flssigkeit mithilfe eines Krugs und eines Trichters in eine Flasche.
Ein Kind in Pfadfinderuniform packt Gegenstnde in einem Laden ein.
Zwei Mnner ringen in einem Bro, whrend ihnen zwei andere Mnner dabei zuschauen.
Zwei Personen arbeiten neben einem Feld in einem Gewsser.
Vier Frauen in Badeanzgen spielen Beachvolleyball am Strand.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Gerst und scheint die Fenster eines Gebudes zu reinigen.
Ein Mann mit Dreadlocks telefoniert mit seinem Mobiltelefon.
Ein Baby in einem blauen Oberteil schaut in die Kamera und hlt einen Buntstift in der Hand, den sie zum Malen benutzt haben.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen am Wasser.
Eine Frau verdeckt ihre Augen in einem Park, als der Tag sich dem Ende neigt.
Eine Person in Winterkleidung bedeckt ihr Gesicht mit einem Pullover.
Der braunhaarige Junge fhrt nach der Schule auf seinem Roller zu einem Spielwarengeschft.
Ein schwarzer Hund verfolgt einen anderen schwarzen Hund, der einen Ball in seiner Schnauze hlt.
Ein Kampfsportler beweist in einem Dojo seine Fhigkeiten, indem er ein Brett mit seinem Fu zerbricht.
Ein kleines Kind versucht seinen Weg zu erkunden.
Eine Gruppe von Personen, von denen mehrere flauschige, rosafarbene Fhler tragen.
Mehrere Personen helfen dabei, einen Verkaufsstand zu bewegen.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein Hund mit braun-weiem Fell laufen im Gras.
Eine Gruppe von Personen schwenkt an einem Zaun kleine amerikanische Fahnen.
Da Sonntag ist, herrscht wenig Verkehr. Ein Mann wartet darauf, die Strae zu berqueren.
Eine schwarzhaarige Frau hlt Rosen und kauft Lebensmittel ein.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hut und einem gestreiften Oberteil macht ein Kunststck an einem Felsen mit dem Skateboard.
Ein Mann mit einem Mantel und einem Schal steht neben einem Caf.
Ein Kind mit freiem Oberkrper sitzt mit einem Stock im Gras.
Drei Jungen suchen in einer Bibliothek ihre Bcher.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt in die Luft, um drauen einen Ball zu fangen.
Drei Kinder klettern auf einen groen Baum in der Stadt.
Ein Falke sitzt auf einem austreibenden Baum und schaut nach links.
Personen hren zwei Gitarrespielern auf einem Boot zu.
Mehrere Personen gehen auf einer schmalen Brcke ber Wasser.
Zwei Personen wandern auf einem schneebedeckten Hgel.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund luft durch den weien Schnee.
Ein kleiner Asiate in kurzen Hosen schneidet Holz mit einer sehr groen Sge.
Die Kchenarbeitskraft eines Restaurants beobachtet den Speisesaal und einen Mann in einer roten Jacke.
Ein Mann segelt durch ein Sumpfgebiet in einem kleinen Dorf.
Ein Friseur macht einem Kunden in einem Salon eine Dauerwelle.
Zwei Frauen posieren in einem Schlafzimmer fr ein Foto.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Oberteil sieht ihr Spiegelbild im Badezimmerspiegel.
Zwei Frauen und ein Kind feiern auf einer nchtlichen Party.
Eine Person luft ein paar Stufen mit einer Tasche in der linken Hand hinunter.
Zwei Frauen ringen am Strand in der Nhe einer Stadt.
In einem Flur hngt an der Wand neben Graffitis ein Schild, auf dem "PORT DU CASQUE OBLIGATOIRE" steht.
Frauen durchsuchen an einem Schalter in einem Waschsalon ihre Handtasche.
Ein Jugendlicher trgt einen anderen Jugendlichen in einem Wald Huckepack.
Welpen, Hhner und ein Truthahn begutachten den Inhalt eines Eimers auf der Erde.
Zwei Hunde stehen und ein Hund liegt auf dem Rcken.
Ein Geschftsmann macht frher als gewhnlich Feierabend.
Ein Mann mit Bart und einem blauen Oberteil lacht, als ein Mann mit Schnurrbart und einem Anzug das Glas erhebt.
Ein Mann betrachtet die Landschaft mit einem Fernglas.
Ein Mann, der an einem Gurt gesichert ist, klettert eine Felswand hoch.
Ein kleiner Junge steht neben dem Schwimmbecken und lchelt.
Der weie Schwan hebt aus dem Wasser ab.
Zwei Mnner laufen mit Oberteilen, an denen Nummern geheftet sind.
Ein kleines Kind in Jeans und Footballtrikot trgt einen umgedrehten Wschekorb auf dem Kopf.
Ein Mann trgt eine Nummer auf seinem weien Oberteil.
Der Mann scheint zu schlafen, whrend sein Kopf auf seiner Hand ruht.
Ein Mann hat ein kastanienbraunes Oberteil um sein Gesicht gewickelt und liegt auf dem Beton.
Ein Mann steht bei Dmmerung an einem Tisch, auf dem eine Auswahl von Esswaren angeboten wird.
Zwei afrikanische Mnner kmmern sich um ihre eigenen Dinge.
Mehrere kleine Jungen klettern aus dem Wasser auf einen Gehweg aus Beton.
Eine Frau liegt neben einem Baby auf dem Boden.
Oben auf dem schneebedeckten Gipfel ist am Ende von Fuspuren der Umriss einer Person zu sehen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau befinden sich mit einem Getrnk an einem Tisch.
Ein Kind in rosafarbener Kleidung hlt einen Gegenstand, der zu brennen scheint.
Ein Skater springt von einem Holztisch einige Stufen hinunter.
Ein Fahrradfahrer fhrt auf einem Weg, der mit rotem Klebeband abgeklebt ist.
Ein Baby sitzt auf einer blauen Rutsche.
Ein hellbrauner Hund verfolgt einen schwarz-weien Fuball.
Ein alter Mann und eine Frau in Jacken stehen sich gegenber.
Ein groer Snowboarder springt ber eine Absperrung im Schnee.
Zwei Basketballspieler befinden sich in einem Spiel.
Zwei Mnner spielen Basketball und ein Spieler versucht den Wurf des anderen zu blocken.
Ein Basketballspieler macht sich bereit einen Korb zu werfen.
Ein Mann in grner und gelber Kleidung befindet sich auf einer Sportveranstaltung und lchelt.
Eine Person in einer bunten Jacke raucht in einer Gebudeeinfahrt eine Zigarette.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem schwarzen Cowboyhut singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft auf einem Pfad.
Der Basketballspieler in blauer Kleidung luft zwischen zwei Spieler in weier Kleidung.
Der Basketballspieler hlt den Ball.
Der braun-schwarze Hund hlt seine Schnauze geffnet.
Ein Hund hlt etwas in seiner Schnauze auf einem Feld.
Eine Frau mit einem geblmten Oberteil und weien Handschuhen balanciert ein Fischglas auf ihrem Kopf.
Hunderte von Menschen in roten Oberteilen laufen einen Marathon.
Zwei Personen stehen mit Schildern, auf denen "Free Hug" steht, in der Nhe von anderen Menschen und schauen geradeaus.
Personen laufen auf einer Strae, die von chinesischen Laternen gesumt ist.
Ein Mann in grner Kleidung hlt ein Schild und umarmt eine blonde Frau.
Eine rothaarige Frau heftet Papier.
Eine Frau und zwei kleine Mdchen schtzen sich mit Regenschirmen vor dem Regen.
Der Snowboarder gleitet an einer Stange.
Eine Frau betreibt Yoga und lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein Mann in Geschftskleidung springt in einem Bro Seil.
Zwei Personen stehen vor einem See in verschneiter Umgebung und posieren fr ein Foto.
Zwei Paare posieren im Winter fr ein Foto.
Ein groer grauer Vogel befindet sich im Ladeanflug auf das Wasser.
Ein Mdchen in einer Burka lernt in einem Klassenraum Vokabeln.
Ein Mdchen hlt Frischhaltefolie um ihren Kopf herum.
Ein Snowboarder fhrt auf einem kleinen Hgel neben einer Treppe hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem wei-schwarz gestreiften Oberteil zieht einen Wagen, der mit blauen Eimern und Besen beladen ist.
Einige Personen beobachten ein Kreuzfahrtschiff.
Eine Frau fhrt auf ihrem Fahrrad und geniet die Meereslandschaft.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einem umgedrehten Boot am Ufer.
Ein Mdchen trstet ein kleines Kind, das beim Eislaufen hingefallen ist.
Ein schwarzer Mann mit Dreadlocks klatscht.
Zwei schwarze Hunde laufen mit einem Tennisball ber schneebedeckte Erde.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut reinigt das Auslagenfenster in einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann trgt ein Baby, das ein Pony streichelt.
Zwei Basketballspieler kmpfen um den Besitz des Balls.
Ein Mann mit Jeans, Arbeitsjacke und Handschuhen hlt eine Kettensge und steht hinter einer Pflanze.
Ein Kricketspieler mit einer roten Kappe schlgt den Ball im Freien.
Ein Mann und ein Skateboard auf einem Fass.
Mehrere Frauen spielen eine Partie Beachvolleyball.
Ein Junge lehnt an einem Baseballschlger und wartet mit ausgestrecktem Arm.
Drei Mnner tragen blaue Schutzhelme und orangefarbene Westen.
Ein Mann in Schutzkleidung wird von einem Hund in den Arm gebissen.
Drei Freunde lachen auf einem Skiausflug.
Der kleine goldgelbe Hund versucht einen pelzigen Gegenstand einem greren, hnlich aussehenden Hund zu entreien.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen luft am Strand entlang.
Beamte versuchen ein Auto zu untersuchen, das einen Zusammenprall mit einem LKW vor einer Chevron Tankstelle in Texas hatte.
Eine Rugbyspielerin versucht gegnerische Spieler zu berlisten.
Ein Mann sitzt und spielt auf einer Strae Schlagzeug, whrend ein Mann neben ihm steht und Gitarre spielt.
Ein Hund rennt im tiefen Schnee.
Kleine Mdchen mit goldenen und roten Umhngen laufen in einer Turnhalle.
Zwei Personen befinden sich im Freien und laufen durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Neoprenanzug fhrt mit einem Wakeboard ber eine groe Welle.
Ein Paar ksst sich an einem kalten sonnigen Tag.
Eine modisch gekleidete Frau hlt eine eingerahmte Platte in einem Laden fr gebrauchte Bcher.
Personen haben sich an einem Hang versammelt und lassen Drachen steigen.
Die Person liegt auf dem Boden am unteren Ende der Treppe und ihr fehlt ein Schuh.
Ein Mann joggt auf einem Gehweg und hrt dabei Musik.
Ein Mann fhrt vor einer Gruppe von Personen Skateboard.
Ein Mann macht eine akrobatische Bewegung an der Kste.
Der Hund rennt mit voller Geschwindigkeit ber die Wiese.
Eine Kellnerin mit einem schwarzen Hut deckt den Tisch ein.
Ein Mann in einem langen Neoprenanzug surft auf einer sich brechenden Welle.
Eine Person fhrt Ski auf einer Piste in der Nhe eines Skilifts.
Weie Zelte stehen nebeneinander und sind mit chinesische Laternen behangen.
Zwei Hunde spielen im Dreck herum.
Ein Hund steht mit einer Pfote auf einem groen Feld.
Ein Mann auf einem BMX-Rad springt ber einen Zug.
Ein groes Fahrzeug fhrt ber einen unebenen und schlammigen Pfad.
Ein schwarzer Mann luft auf einem geschftigen Gehweg an einem Gebude vorbei.
Der Junge sitzt auf einem blauen Fahrrad und befindet sich ber einem Zaun.
Ein Mann luft hinter einem rennenden Hund am Strand.
Ein hbscher weier Hund luft im braunen Gras.
Eine Gruppe von vier Mnnern in Ballettrckchen.
Ein Snowboarder whlt beim Fahren mit seinem Brett den Schnee auf.
Ein Bauer und drei Kinder arbeiten auf einem Bauernhof.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund legt seinen Kopf auf eine Kamera.
Eine Person mit einem grnen Oberteil springt hoch ber das Gras.
Ein kleiner brauner Hund spielt mit einem Ball am Strand.
Zwei Mdchen hngen Lametta an einen Weihnachtsbaum.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen Oberteil setzt einen Stern auf die Spitze eines Weihnachtsbaums.
Zwei kleine Mdchen sind in Lametta gehllt.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blauen Augen trgt ein wei-rotes und orange-gelbes Ltzchen.
Ein kleiner Junge schippt Schnee in der Auffahrt.
Eine Frau geht mit ihrem Hund an einer Reihe von farbenfrohen Husern mit Garagen vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut beobachtet Mwen mit zwei Kindern.
Eine Frau in einem schwarz-weien langrmeligen Kleid mit Blumendruck trgt rosafarbenen Lippenstift und scheint in der Nhe einer Backsteinmauer und eines Geldautomaten zu singen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem roten Kapuzenpullover fhrt Schlittschuh.
Ein Skifahrer springt von einem steilen, schneebedeckten Hang ab.
Ein Mountainbiker mit einem bunten Helm fhrt bergab.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung steht auf der Bhne und liest dem Publikum mit dem Mikrofon etwas von einem Blatt Papier vor.
Einige Personen in mittelalterlichen Kostmen laufen ber eine belebte Strae.
Kinder, Kleinkinder und Frauen baden und waschen Wsche in der Nhe eines Flussbetts, whrend ein Mdchen einen Wasserkanister trgt.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht.
Drei bunte Clowns mit Luftballons stehen neben einem anderen Plastikclown.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen im Vorgarten in der Nachbarschaft.
Drei Jungen berqueren auf einem Wildtier einen Fluss.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Handschuhen sitzt auf den Schultern von jemandem, um ein Foto zu machen.
Drei Mnner in weien Uniformen stehen auf einer Wiese vor einer Menschenmenge.
Eine asiatische Mutter und ihr Kind schauen in ein Aquarium.
Ein schwarzer Vogel mit Blttern im Schnabel in der Luft.
Hockeyspieler, von denen einer schiet.
Eine Frau in roter und weier Kleidung steht in der Mitte der Strae.
Ein Junge fhrt im Winter mit dem Skateboard ein Gelnder hinunter.
Ein Skifahrer in schwarzer Kleidung fhrt schnell den Berg hinunter.
Eine Person in rosafarbenen Hosen und einer weien Jacke fhrt Snowboard.
Die Rckseite einer rothaarigen Frau, die mit der U-Bahn fhrt.
Ein Junge mit einer blauen Jacke in einer U-Bahn.
Eine Gruppe von Personen befindet sich auf einem Boot an einer Anlegestelle.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund luft mit einem Tennisball in seiner Schnauze.
Ein Koch mit einer blauen Mtze beugt sich vor Menschen, die gerade essen, nach vorn .
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem blauen Regenschirm wartet vor einem Laden.
Zwei Frauen, eine Frau in einem braunen und die andere in einem lilafarbenen Oberteil,  umarmen sich, whrend andere Personen ihnen zuschauen.
Kinder reden mit einer lteren Frau vor einer Tr.
Drei Kinder stehen auf einem umgestrzten Baumstamm.
Der Mann in dem weien Oberteil lernt an seinem Computer.
Ein Mann schiet an einem warmen Tag den Fuball auf den Torwart zu.
Ein Skifahrer in roter Kleidung auf einem schneebedeckten Berg.
Ein Mann geht im Schnee den Berg hinunter.
Ein Junge mit einem Basketball.
Eine Person in einem grnen Oberteil springt mit dem Skateboard von einer kleinen Treppe hinunter.
Ein Snowboarder in roter Kleidung fhrt die Piste hinunter.
Eine Frau in einem ppigen orangefarbenen Kleid tanzt mit einem Mann in schwarzer Kleidung.
Der Mann spielt mit zwei Hunden im Hof.
Personen auf Fahrrdern fahren durch eine Gruppe Zuschauer.
Ein Paar geniet ein Glas Weiwein.
Drei Basketballspieler in weien Trikots verteidigen den ballfhrenden, angreifenden Spieler, der ein orangefarbenes Trikot trgt.
Vier Personen und die Sonne.
Ein kleines Mdchen schiet einen Fuball zu einem kleinen Jungen.
Ein Kind macht einige Fuballbungen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern luft beim Fuballspielen.
Ein Surfer in einem roten Oberteil befindet sich unter einer groen Welle.
Ein zotteliger schwarz-weier Hund luft auf dem Gras.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fahren auf Fahrzeugen, die hnlich wie Roller aussehen.
Ein Kind klettert ber einen Maschendrahtzaun, um ans Wasser zu gelangen.
Eine Massenszene vor einer Moschee.
Ein Mann steht alleine mit einem traurigen Blick.
Ein Mann mit einem gestreiften Hut luft an einem Club vorbei.
Der bunt gekleidete Fahrer fhrt mit dem Roller einen lndlichen Hgel hinunter.
Eine Gruppe Fahrradfahrer fhrt auf der Strae.
Ein Chor in Matrosenmtzen steht vor einer amerikanischen Flagge und singt.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem lilafarbenen Hut starrt geradeaus..
Fnf Personen mit weien Oberteilen und grauen Hten befinden sich mit Werkzeug im Wald.
Ein Junge luft auf bunten Linien.
Eine Frau schlft auf einem Sitz im Bus.
Ein Jugendlicher versucht ein Kunststck mit dem Skateboard in einem stdtischen Gebiet.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer blauen Brille und Kopfhrern trgt graue kurze Hosen und ein schwarzes Oberteil, auf dem eine Nummer steht.
Ein Baby in einem Topf auf dem Herd.
Ein Kind trgt einen Mantel und befindet sich zwischen Bumen und lustigen Konstruktionen.
Eine Frau mit einer Strickmtze lchelt neben einem Schild von Domino's Pizza.
Ein Kind mit einer braun gemusterten Jacke liegt auf einem Sofa mit einer blauen Decke.
Ein Snowboarder springt hoch ber einen schneebedeckten Hgel.
Vier Personen laufen an der Seite eines Backsteingebudes entlang.
Ein Mountainbiker in weier Kleidung fhrt durch eine Kurve.
Eine lchelnde Frau und eine Mann sitzen vor einem Mikrofon in einem Aufnahmestudio.
Ein Skater macht ein Kunststck an einer Betonwand, die mit Graffitis berst ist.
Viele Personen auf einer Treppe in einem kunstvollen alten Gebude bei einer Veranstaltung.
Eine Gruppe von Personen luft auf schneebedeckten Stufen.
Ein Stuntman macht ein Kunststck mit dem Rad in der Luft, whrend neben ihm Feuerwerk explodiert.
Ein brauner Hund entspannt auf einem gepflasterten Gehweg.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen versammelt sich, um ihr Anliegen vor den Kameras zu verknden.
Warm angezogene Personen warten gespannt in einer Reihe.
Zwei Kinder spielen mit Spielzeugen auf dem Bett.
Ein asiatischer Junge hlt seinen Kopf in eine groe Seifenblase.
Personen versammeln sich um einem Tisch, auf dem Essen steht, whrend drauen ein Taxi vorbeifhrt.
Ein Jugendlicher nimmt ein Risiko auf sich und taucht unter.
Zwei Jungen spielen in der Nhe eines alten Gebudes und eines Bootes im Wasser.
Zwei Lateinamerikaner spielen auf Instrumenten; auf einer Geige und einer Harfe.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Oberteil hlt ein Mikrofon und hat einen Gesichtsausdruck aufgesetzt, als wrde er singen.
Eine Gruppe von Knstlern singt und spielt unter Scheinwerferlicht.
Zwei Personen sitzen nebeneinander auf einem Kai und beobachten den Sonnenuntergang.
Ein Mann sitzt in einer Ecke und telefoniert mit seinem Mobiltelefon.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen scheint unter einem Zelt Essen zu verkaufen oder selber zu verzehren.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer Gitarre, auf der "Whatever it takes" geschrieben steht.
Mehrere Personen haben ein provisorisches Lager neben einer groen Marmorsule errichtet.
Auf einer stdtischen Strae wird eine Bhne errichtet, whrend Passanten zuschauen.
Ein Snowboarder fhrt ein Kunststck vor einer Zuschauermenge vor.
Touristen machen vor einem Gebude ein Foto.
Eine Fuballmannschaft in gestreifter Kleidung luft um Kegel auf einem Sportplatz herum.
Drei Frauen stehen in einem Raum, der wie ein Aufenthaltsraum aussieht.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem karierten Oberteil schaut durch ein Mikroskop.
Zuschauer betrachten einen Snowboarder, der ein Kunststck vorfhrt.
Ein schwarzer Jugendlicher in einem blauen Hemd sitzt mit anderen jungen Menschen um einen Tisch herum und redet aufgeregt in einer Diskussion.
Ein kleiner Junge  bewegt sich auf einen gelben Ball zu.
Zwei Frauen mit Hten stehen vor Zuschauern, whrend eine Frau Geige und die andere Akkordeon spielt.
In einem Klassenraum steht ein Lehrer vor einer Gruppe von Mnnern.
Ein Mann mit einem T-Shirt, auf dem "GNU" gedruckt ist, hlt eine Prsentation ber Technik.
Ein Junge surft auf einer Welle.
Zwei Frauen stehen und sitzen gleichauf einer Linie von Bumen und schauen in die Richtung eines Gewssers.
Ein schwergewichtiger Mann in einem blauen Oberteil und schwarzen Hosen luft auf einem Gehweg  vor einem Einkaufszentrum.
Ein Stier strmt beim Rodeo aus den Toren.
Personen treiben auf einem Boot ber Wellen.
Ein weier Reiher fliegt in den Himmel.
Ein kleines Mdchen luft ber das Gras zu den Bumen.
Ein brauner Hund luft zwischen ein paar Kiefern im Schnee.
Eine Lehrerin hilft ihrer Schlerin bei der Fertigstellung einer Aufgabe.
Eine Frau mit einer Brille hlt eine Kamera und schirmt ihre Augen mit den Hnden ab, whrend sie vor dem Meer steht.
Ein Jugendlicher klettert an einer Felswand.
Zwei Mnner in Ringerkleidung halten ihre Kpfe aneinandergepresst.
Drei Kinder spielen im flachen Wasser.
Bevor sie in einem Restaurant Essen bestellen, albert ein Paar vor dem anderen Paar herum, das mit ihm am Tisch sitzt.
Fahrradfahrer springen von einer Rampe im Wald.
Ein Mann spielt ein Saiteninstrument und ist Teil eines Orchesters.
Eine Frau mit einem Kegelhut arbeitet an einem Webstuhl.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke luft allein auf einer Treppe hoch.
Ein farbenfroher LKW entldt seinen Inhalt in einem See gegenber eines Zeltlagers.
Ein Teilnehmer eines Fahrradrennens hlt an.
Drei Jungen in blauen Oberteilen lcheln fr ein Foto.
Eine ltere schwarzhaarige Frau lehnt an der Kante einer Backsteinmauer, whrend hinter ihr Wsche hngt.
Ein Fuballspieler springt whrend eines Spiels in die Luft.
Eine neunkpfige Familie sitzt dicht gedrngt auf einem weien Sofa und lchelt.
Ein schwarzer Pudel mit einem Seilspielzeug in seiner Schnauze.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen besucht eine Veranstaltung, auf der Verkufer und Essen zu sehen sind.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt nahe eines Zauns durch den Schnee.
Ein junger Mann bt an seinem E-Piano von Yamaha.
Drei Kinder spielen mit Metallmbeln.
Eine Afroamerikanerin fhrt mit einem Fahrrad auf der Strae.
Verkufer bieten Obst und Gemse auf einem Markt im Freien zum Verkauf an.
Ein Mann luft an einer Schaufensterfront vorbei, die einen franzsischen Namen trgt.
Zwei junge Erwachsene lcheln in die Kamera.
Sechs Jungen und zwei Mnner befinden sich neben einem groen Baum.
Eine Gruppe von jungen Mnnern steht mit offenen Mndern nebeneinander.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit einer Brille, einem grauen Pullover und Jeans hlt seine linke Hand in Richtung seines Mundes hoch.
Ein Mann wirft Basketblle neben einem Kleinkind.
Zwei Kinder werden von einer Welle im Meer getroffen.
Zwei lchelnde Mdchen halten sich an den Hnden.
Ein Junge macht im Park ein Kunststck mit seinem Skateboard.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt auf bequemen Gartensesseln auf einer Terrasse und betrachten die Berge.
Zwei ltere Frauen machen Fotos mit ihren Kameras, whrend ihnen eine andere ltere Frau zuschaut.
Zwei Skifahrer springen ber einen Schneehgel unter strahlendem Sonnenschein.
Eine Frau in einem rosafarbenen Oberteil reitet auf einem Pferd beim Rodeo.
Personen tragen bei einem Umzug bunte Kleidung und tanzen.
Drei Personen albern im Wald herum.
Zwei Hockeyspieler kmpfen miteinander und einer schlgt dem anderen ins Gesicht.
Ein Mann macht ein Kunststck auf einem Skateboard in der Abenddmmerung.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil singt mit einer Band.
Ein Snowboarder macht an der Seite eines groen grnen Gebudes ein Kunststck.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem roten Schneeanzug und Hello-Kitty-Fustlingen.
Der Mann in dem gelben Oberteil stellt ein blaues Fahrrad fr einen kleinen Jungen ein.
Ein Mann mit einem lilafarbenen Hut klettert an einem Felsen.
Eine Frau versucht eine Strumpfhose in einem unaufgerumten Zimmer anzuziehen.
Ein Mann klettert an einem Felsen.
Eine Person in einer blauen Jacke klettert an einem groen Felsen in einem dunklen Wald.
Ein Pudel luft am Strand und hlt einen Stock in seiner Schnauze.
Ein junger Skifahrer wird im Schnee von einem Erwachsenen unterrichtet.
Personen beobachten Tiere in einem geschtzten Ausstellungsbereich im Zoo.
Personen laufen ber einen Wochenmarkt mit angenehmem Deckenlicht.
Zwei Mnner in kurzen Hosen laufen eine Auentreppe hoch.
Zwei Frauen mit kleinen Kindern reden auf der Strae.
Drei Hunde laufen in Richtung eines Zauns im Schnee.
Ein Mann, eine Frau und zwei kleine Kinder sitzen neben eingepackten Weihnachtsgeschenken auf dem Boden.
Ein hbscher weier Vogel hebt ab.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut sitzt mit einem Kleinkind auf einem Sofa.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Haaren schneidet Fisch.
Ein Orchester in festlicher Kleidung mit einem Cellospieler in der Mitte.
Ein Mann schlgt einen Volleyball am Strand.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Schneeanzug lchelt und spielt im Schnee.
Zwei ltere Frauen bummeln in einem Kaufhaus und schauen sich gerade Strmpfe an.
Der schwarze Hund luft durch ein sumpfiges Gebiet mit Holzstcken in seiner Schnauze.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem roten Gebude und raucht.
Eine Frau betrachtet etwas, das mit zwei Glhbirnen angeleuchtet wird.
Eine Menschenmenge luft mit dem Weihnachtsmann auf der Strae.
Der schwarz-hellbraune Hund verfolgt etwas, das er entdeckt hat.
Bauarbeiter bessern eine Strae aus und fllen diese mit Belag.
Ein Mdchen blst gleich in eine Luftschlange und das andere lacht.
Ein Mann fllt in einer Welle im Meer hin.
Ein Basketballspieler in schwarzer Kleidung springt und ein anderer in weier Kleidung versucht ihn zu blocken.
Ein kleiner Junge springt hoch und runter.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt im Ballettunterricht, whrend ihr zwei andere zuschauen.
Zwei Kinder arbeiten mit Gartenwerkzeug im Garten.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem roten Halsband luft durch den Schnee.
Ein einzelner Skater springt von einer hohen Skateboardrampe.
Mehrere Hunde am Strand.
Ein Mann in blauer Kleidung spielt Fuball.
Einige Tnzer in Schottenrock treten in einem Wettbewerb vor einer Punktrichterin in schwarzer Kleidung auf.
Eine Frau trgt ein schlafendes Baby.
Ein Basketballspieler ist in die Luft gesprungen, um den Basketball zu werfen.
Die junge Frau in blauer Kleidung luft auf einem Laufband.
Eine Frau mit einem Zylinder versucht in ein kastanienbraunes Auto bei Nacht zu steigen.
Eine Frau trgt Lippenstift auf.
Ein wei-brauner Hund mit einem Halstuch springt durch die Luft.
Ein nasser Hund hat die rosafarbene Handtasche mit wasserblauen Henkeln geholt.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Trgerhemd und einem weien Hut graviert Schlsselanhnger.
Fnf Personen sitzen auf den Felsen in der Nhe einer Holzhtte.
Zwei Personen stehen auf einem grasbewachsenen Hang vor einem groen Kreuz aus Holz.
Ein schwarzer Pudel spielt mit Schnee.
Ein schwarzer Pudel luft im Schnee.
Zwei Gitarristen in weier Kleidung.
Eine Frau mit einer Baseballmtze und Jeans presst einen Wischlappen in einem gelben Eimer aus.
Ein Mann und eine Frau essen und teilen sich einen Kopfhrer.
Eine Gruppe von Studenten in Uniform hrt aufmerksam dem Gesagten im vorderen Bereich des Klassenzimmers zu.
Ein Mann steht neben einem BMW.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Asiatinnen versammeln sich unter einem roten Banner.
Zwei Frauen auf einer Baustelle.
Eine Gruppe von Freiwilligen hilft beim Hausbau im Namen von Habitat for Humanity.
Mnner bauen an einem Haus.
Eine Gruppe von Personen hlt Werkzeuge in der Hand und steht vor einem Haus im Rohbau.
Vier Arbeiter posieren zwischen Balken eines Hauses.
Der Mann auf dem Dach trgt eine Sonnenbrille und arbeitet hart.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht mit Brettern und Bauwerkzeug im Freien.
Mehrere Personen bauen ein kleines Gebude auf einem zugestellten Hof.
Drei Mdchen schlagen Ngel auf einem Dach.
Zwei Mdchen hbschen ein drittes Mdchen in einer drflichen Umgebung auf.
Mnner mit Kamelen versammeln sich am Strand.
Ein blondes Kind luft eine Sanddne hinunter, whrend ihm ein anderes zuschaut.
Zwei Hockeyspieler kmpfen um den Puck bei einem Hockeyspiel.
Drei indische Mnner sitzen nebeneinander und haben ihre Krbe, die mit frischem Obst, Gemse und Krutern gefllt sind, neben ihren Fen abgestellt.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil springt in einer Waschraum.
Vier Personen stehen vor einem Transporter und bauen etwas.
Ein Mann schaut beim Essen einem Mdchen beim Zeichnen zu.
Eine Gruppe von Jugendlichen spielt mit Wasserpistolen und steht vor einem weien LKW.
Ein Mann mit einer Sonnenbrille kniet auf einem Dach und hlt ein Sperrholzbrett.
Ein Mann fliegt auf Skiern ber einen Berg durch die Luft.
Die Jungen spielen mit Legosteinen.
Ein brauner Hund hlt ein Stck Obst in seiner Schnauze, whrend ihm zwei andere Hunde folgen.
Ein Skifahrer auf einer schneebedeckten Skisprungschanze.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf dem Gehweg und betrachtet bunte Malbcher fr Kinder.
Eine Mutter hlt ihr Kind in einem Zug.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil und Pullover schaut hinunter.
Ein Mountainbiker fhrt durch einen Wald.
Jemand fhrt auf einem Fahrrad und befindet sich ber einem Feldweg im hgeligen Gelnde in der Luft.
Eine Asiatin in schwarzen Stiefeln, Strumpfhose und einem kurzen Kleid lehnt an einem Zaun.
Ein Hund befindet sich im Wasser und hlt einen Ast in der Schnauze.
Zwei Afrikaner mit roten und blauen Schals posieren fr ein Foto vor einem Friseur.
Zwei Kinder spielen an einem verschneiten Tag auf der Strae.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einer Skivorrichtung im Schnee.
Ein Hund hlt im Wald einen groen Stock in seiner Schnauze.
Das Mdchen in der Skijacke luft in der Nhe von Husern.
Personen versammeln sich auf einem Wochenmarkt, um Lebensmittel und Kleidung an einem sonnigen Tag zu kaufen.
Ein Vogel fliegt mit ausgebreiteten Flgeln hoch.
Ein Junge steht und zeigt auf einen anderen Jungen, der zusammengerollt am Boden liegt.
Zwei Jungen legen ihre Arme umeinander und posieren zusammen.
Zwei Frauen stehen im Freien und eine Frau in einer Schrze schaut in ein schwarzes Gert.
Eine Frau hlt die Hand eines Mannes auf einer Bhne hoch und zeigt auf ihn.
Ein verschwommenes Bild eines Fahrradfahrers vor der Spitze eines Hgels.
Ein Surfer surft auf zahlreichen Wellen.
Ein Bauarbeiter in einer orangefarbenen Weste schaufelt Steine, whrend ihm ein anderer in einer blauen Weste zuschaut.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil hlt ein Gestell mit Esswaren.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Bart trgt eine Schrze und befindet sich in der Kche.
Zwei Personen spielen in einer Band.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil raucht neben einem Mllcontainer.
Tnzer posieren vor einer bunten und kunstvoll gezeichneten Kulisse.
Ein Hund luft am Strand nahe der Wellen entlang.
Zwei kleine Mdchen laufen in einer Wste.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau in schwarzer Kleidung und schwarzen hohen Absatzschuhen posiert mit Kakteen im Hintergrund fr ein Foto.
Ein kleiner Hund luft mit einem Ball in seiner Schnauze durch einen Parcours.
Zwei kleine Jungen posieren mit einer Person, die als Power Ranger verkleidet ist.
Personen sonnen sich am Strand in der Nhe von felsigen Klippen.
Die Hunde laufen durch das Wasser.
Eine Frau in Roller-Derby-Montur schaut durch den Raum.
Der Mann macht Parasailing und zeigt ein Kunststck.
Eine Gruppe von Personen auf Skiern mit zwei Hunden.
Ein Mdchen mit einer blauen Schwimmbrille und einem gestreiften Badeanzug spielt in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein Kind luft im Schnee.
Ein Baseballspieler in blauer Kleidung hat gerade den Baseball an der Seitenlinie geworfen.
Kinder spielen in einem ffentlichen Park Baseball.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf einer Bhne mit starker Beleuchtung Gitarre.
Ein Mann schaut auf ein Brett hinauf.
Der wei-schwarze Hund luft durch das Feld.
Zwei Frauen tragen Warnkleidung und arbeiten in einem Tunnel.
Mnner in knallgelben Jacken schieben grne Tonnen, whrend andere Personen vorbeilaufen.
Eine Frau hlt einen Vortrag mithilfe einer Diashow.
Zwei Mnner fahren auf einem Gelndemotorrad und einer fllt in eine Pftze aus Schlamm.
Ein Mann vom Sicherheitsschutz steht neben einem leuchtend orangefarbenen Plakat.
Eine Frau auf einem Markt zeigt auf einen Hut, whrend ein Kind danach greift.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarz-blauen Neoprenanzug surft.
Der Spanier lief den Hgel mit seinem Kind sehr schnell hinunter.
Drei Hunde stehen hinter einem Haus und zerren an dem gleichen Spielzeug.
Eine Gruppe von Tnzern treten whrend eines Umzugs auf einer Strae auf.
Drei Mnner und zwei Frauen unterhalten sich.
Der Junge lsst sich von einem Mdchen in einem lokalen Fahrradrennen schlagen.
Drei Frauen stehen beisammen und unterhalten sich miteinander.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Personen unterhlt sich auf einem stdtischen Platz.
Der Hund leckt an der Innenseite des Erdnussbutterglases.
Ein Skater macht einen Sprung an einem Hang.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby und ist von zwei Kindern umgeben.
Eine Gruppe von Personen redet und eine andere Gruppe schaut sich Fotos an, die an die Wand geklebt sind.
Ein schwarzer Hund grbt im Schnee.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Zpfen spielt mit einem Kamerastativ.
Ein Mann springt mit einem Skateboard von einem kleinen Absatz auf den Gehweg.
Zwei Hunde raufen in einem umzunten Gebiet im Schnee.
Lmmer auf einem grasbedeckten Hgel.
Einige Frauen tanzen whrend eines Basketballspiels auf dem Spielfeld.
Ein Mann in neongelber Kleidung sammelt Mll an einer Strae auf und wird von anderen dabei beobachtet.
Eine Person auf Rollschuhen ist als Clown verkleidet und hlt einen schreienden Jungen, der eine blaue Eselsmtze und einen blauen Zaubererumhang trgt.
Ein Mdchen betrachtet ein Stativ.
Ein Asiate versucht mithilfe eines kleinen Holzeimers ein unkontrollierbares Feuer zu lschen.
Eine junge Frau bemalt das Gesicht einer anderen jungen Frau im Freien.
Ein Mann angelt in einer Meeresbucht.
Ein Hund springt nach einer Frisbeescheibe im Schnee.
Eine Frau bietet Getreide auf einem Markt feil.
Ein kleines Kind steht vor einem kleinen weien Tisch.
Ein brauner Hund hlt etwas leuchtend Pinkfarbenes in seiner Schnauze.
Ein Mann steht auf einem langen Gegenstand im Wasser.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann in einem Trgerhemd fhrt mit dem Fahrrad durch die Stadt.
Eine Frau macht vor einem Laden ein Foto und verzieht ihr Gesicht.
Eine Person wird von einem Wasserfahrzeug ber schimmerndes Wasser gezogen.
Zwei Personen und ein Hund befinden sich im Schnee.
Drei Personen mit Fallschirmen fliegen zusammen im freien Fall durch den Himmel.
Ein brauner Hund watet durch Wasser und luft auf einen Felsbrocken zu.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil schaut auf einen Gletscher.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil luft auf Felsen.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Hollywoodschaukel im Garten und ein Mdchen sitzt neben ihr auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau mit einem Helm fhrt mit ihrem Fahrrad eine steile Schrge hinunter.
Ein Rottweiler trgt einen sehr groen Stock in seiner Schnauze durch den Wald.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Wiese und betrachtet die Landschaft unter ihm.
Ein Kind in einem Batik-Oberteil klettert mit einem anderen Kind an einer Felswand.
Eine Frau hlt ihren Kopf zwischen Naturprodukten.
Eine spanische Familie sitzt um einen Tisch und geniet gemeinsam eine Mahlzeit.
Zwei Kinder spielen Fuball.
Ein sehr kleiner lchelnder Junge in Jeans und Turnschuhen steht aufrecht und hlt sich an einem Sportgert im Freien fest.
Drei Mnner laden Gegenstnde auf ihr blaues Boot.
Auf dem grnen, hgeligen Land versammeln sich Menschen und setzen sich hin.
Ein lterer Mann blst Luft in einen Gegenstand.
Der kleine Hund neckt den groen Hund auf dem Feld.
Ein blonder Mann baut ein Zelt auf.
Ein Fahrradfahrer in schwarzer und weier Kleidung und mit einer weien Sonnenbrille zeigt auf etwas.
Ein Mdchen im Schwimmbecken schleudert ihr Haar ber ihren Kopf nach hinten.
Eine junge Frau mit langen blonden Haaren bepflanzt einen Garten.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil schlachtet ein kleines Tier auf einem Holzbrett.
Ein junger Mann in Badehose befindet sich vor Wasser, das hinter ihm hinabstrzt.
Ein kleines braunhaariges Mdchen kratzt ihr Auge in einem Kinderwagen.
Eine breite Aufnahme einer verkehrsreichen Strae, auf der es gerade ruhig ist.
Ein glckliches Paar, das von ihrem Einkaufsbummel nach Hause kommt.
Der Eishockey-Torhter trgt rote Spielkleidung.
Ein junger Mann starrt aus dem Fenster eines Restaurants.
Eine Gruppe von Personen luft am Startpunkt bei einem 5-km-Lauf los.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in farbenfroher Kleidung.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Kostm steht vor einer Frau mit freiem Oberkrper und bemalten Brsten.
Personen befinden sich auf einem Transporter, der mit Scken beladenen ist und auf einem Feld vor vielen Schafen steht.
Ein Mann hilft einem kleinen Jungen beim Dreiradfahren.
Ein Snowboarder versucht auf einer hergerichteten Skipiste zu springen.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Jacke und ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil laufen auf einem Gehweg aneinander vorbei.
Ein Hockey-Torhter hockt auf dem Eis.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Oberteil rutscht eine Rutsche hinunter.
Eine Frau wandert mit Skistcken im Schnee.
Der Mann im weien Trikot hlt einen Basketball in seiner Hand.
Ein Basketballspieler dribbelt mit dem Ball whrend eines Spiels.
Eine Person macht vor der Silhouette einer Stadt einen Sprung mit dem Fahrrad.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich und ein anderer schaut zu.
Die Frau hlt ihren Pinsel neben der Staffelei.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil luft mit einem groen Besen auf dem Gehweg.
Zwei Mnner, die Basketball spielen, springen in der Nhe des Korbs zum Ball  hoch.
Eine Frau in einem roten Mantel luft auf Skiern.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Hut redet mit einer Frau in einem blauen Kleid.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Oberteil und einem Strohhut malt im Freien.
Personen laufen auf der Strae an einem offenen Bus vorbei.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen wartet auf einen Bus.
Mehrere Mnner in schwarzen Overalls singen und spielen auf Instrumenten.
Ein Hockeyspieler schaut konzentriert nach unten.
Eine Person fliegt mit einem Skateboard ber einer Rampe in die Luft.
Drei Mnner tragen gelbe Arbeitswesten und stehen bei einer Gruppe von Personen.
Eine Frau in einer roten Jacke und eine andere Person befrdern ihre Snowboards zu einem schneebedeckten Parkplatz.
Die Frau hat eine Flagge um ihren Krper gewickelt und Weihrauch angezndet.
Ein Paar luft auf einer belebten Strae an einer Vogel-Show vorbei.
Eine Musikerin und zwei Musiker tragen Musikausrstung.
Ein Mann befindet sich an einer Maschine und redet mit einem Mann in verrckter Kleidung.
Eine Frau hlt einen Wschekorb und steht vor einem Gebude, das eine Wohnung zur Miete anbietet.
Der Junge in blauer Kleidung hat den Ball und der Junge in weier Kleidung befindet sich in der Luft.
Ein Mann rutscht mit seinem Skateboard auf einer Treppenrampe hinunter.
Zwei ltere Frauen sitzen auf einer Holzbank im Freien.
Zwei Hunde jagen eine gemhte Wiese hinunter.
Eine Person fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf einem Weg neben dem Wald.
Eine Mutter und ihre drei Kinder laufen auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann gehen am Straenrand.
Der Hund mit hellbraunem und schwarzem Fell luft ber das Gras.
Zwei Kinder stehen im Rasen und werden mit einem Schlauch mit Wasser bespritzt.
Ein Mann in roter Kleidung spielt Gitarre auf dem Rasen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern in blauen und gelben Uniformen legt ihre Hnde zusammen.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer befindet sich in der Luft und macht ein Kunststck.
Zwei asiatische Mdchen in schwarzer Kleidung posieren vor verdorrten Bumen fr ein Foto.
Ein Jugendlicher tanzt auf seiner Hand.
Ein Snowboarder in einer grnen Jacke springt ber ein niedriges Tor.
Jugendliche gehen auf einem Hochseil. 
Ein Junge in einem blauen Kapuzenpullover springt ber ein Treppengelnder.
Zwei asiatische Mdchen sitzen auf einer Blumenwiese.
Ein Skater fhrt auf einer Betonrampe hoch und befindet sich in der Luft.
Ein Skifahrer rauscht einen Bergpfad hinunter.
Zwei kleine Mdchen reiten auf beigefarbenen Kamelen, whrend eine andere Frau mit einer Handtasche sie beobachtet.
Zwei Frauen reiten auf Kamelrcken.
Ein Mann in orangefarbener Kleidung steht nach vorne gebeugt und schweit etwas auf dem Boden.
Zwei Personen in Schutzausrstung schweien.
Eine Gruppe Jungen spielen am Strand ein Spiel.
Eine Straenecke, an der weie, rote und schwarze Autos parken.
Ein Mann mit einer Brille starrt in die Kamera.
Ein Mdchen kauert auf einem Skateboard neben einer leuchtend bunten Wand.
Ein achtsam balancierender Mann steht auf einem Bein in der Nhe eines sauberen Meeresstrandes.
Zwei kleine Mdchen reden mit einem Mann in einem Transporter.
Die Jungen spielen auf einer Strae in der Nachbarschaft Fuball.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen isst eine kleine Zwischenmahlzeit und lchelt sanft.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Personen betrachtet bei Tageszeit die Wildnis.
Drei Personen arbeiten unter hohem Risiko.
Viele Personen haben sich an einem Strand oder einer Lagune ausgebreitet und amsieren sich.
Zwei junge Verliebte werden verschiedener Wege gehen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt unter einem Blechdach.
Freunde lachen ber etwas, das sie gerade gesehen haben.
Viele Personen laufen neben groen Gebuden in der Stadt.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einer Skaterbahn Rollschuh.
Eine Gruppe von afrikanischen Frauen und Kindern trgt auffllig bunte Kleidung.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern sitzt an einen roten Mllcontainer gelehnt.
Eine Frau macht ein Foto von einem Gegenstand, der auf dem Bett liegt.
Ein Junge liegt mit dem Bauch auf einem schwarzen Surfbrett und fhrt auf einer Welle.
Ein Kletterer mit einem gelben Rucksack luft auf dem Kamm eines schneebedeckten Berges.
Zwei Mnner spielen zusammen Gitarre.
Eine Person auf einem Snowboard springt ber eine Klippe im Schnee.
Eine afrikanische Frau steht mit ihren zwei Kindern unter einem Felsbrocken.
Ein Mann und ein Kind gehen durch einen Park spazieren.
Ein Mann bergibt einem anderen Mann in einer Gruppe einen Karton.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern wartet an einem Fenster in einer Schlange, um Essen zu bekommen.
Ein Wanderer luft auf einer schneebedeckten Strae den Berg hinauf.
Ein kleiner Junge springt auf einem Trampolin in die Luft.
Ein Mdchen und eine Frau reiten auf einem Kamel.
Ein Cowgirl sitzt auf einem braunen Pferd und schwingt ein Lasso um ein kleines Kalb.
Zwei blonde Ringerinnen befinden sich im Kreis.
Die Frau in der roten Jacke schaut auf das Kind in der grnen Jacke.
Ein Mann und eine Frau zeigen ihre Herztattoos auf ihren Handgelenken.
Zwei Personen stehen whrend eines Festumzugs auf drei Pferden.
Einige Personen warten darauf, eine belebte Strae in Portland (Oregon) zu berqueren.
Indische Studenten arbeiten und unterhalten sich in einem Klassenraum.
Ein Kind hlt drei Vgel in seinen Hnden.
Ein Skifahrer macht einen hohen Sprung vor Bumen in einer verschneiten Winterlandschaft.
Ein gelbes Motorrad fhrt auf der Strae.
Eine Person beobachtet eingerahmte Fotos an der Wand.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad  macht auf dem Schotter einen Hochstart.
Afrikanische Kinder stehen an einem Brunnen, whrend ein Kind Wasser mit einem Eimer herausholt.
Der braun-weie Hund bleckt die Zhne im Schnee.
Eine afrikanische Familie ist drauen versammelt und bereitet etwas in einem Topf ber der Feuerstelle zu.
Eine Gruppe von Personen rennt auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Eine Sitzecke in einem Restaurant ist hell erleuchtet und von Spiegeln umgeben.
Ein Skifahrer in blauen Schneehosen fliegt in der Nhe einer Schanze durch die Luft.
Eine Angebotstafel in einem Restaurant.
Zwei Hockeymannschaften treten gegeneinander an.
Viele Personen laufen auf einem Weg neben einem hohen Gebude und Bumen.
Ein weier Hund mit einem schwarzen Halsband luft im Schnee.
Ein Mann rudert auf einem Fluss ein kleines Beiboot, das mit grnen Pflanzen beladen ist.
Ein paar Frauen und Kinder befinden sich auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau spricht ins Ohr eines Mannes, der ein Glas Bier hlt.
Ein einzelner Skifahrer fhrt durch den Schnee.
Ein Jugendlicher fhrt mit einem Skateboard auf einem Gelnder vor einem Backsteingebude mit Sulen.
Ein Stunt-Fahrradfahrer springt vor der untergehenden Sonne in die Luft.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad in der Luft.
Ein weier Hund hat einen Stock vom Strand am Meer geholt.
Drei Mnner und ein kleiner Junge arbeiten drauen an einer grnen Modelleisenbahn.
Eine Frau in schwarzen Converse-Schuhen luft an einem kalten Tag auf dem Gehweg.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen trgt roten Lippenstift und steht in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein einsames Boot treibt auf dem See.
Zwei Hunde laufen auf einem Waldweg und werden von zwei Personen hinter ihnen beobachtet.
Kinder spielen zusammen Monopoly.
Drei Frauen mit Kleidern in amerikanischem Kolonialstil sitzen beieinander und nhen.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen steht zwischen zwei Baumstmmen.
Drei Fahrer in schwarzen Trikots springen mit ihren BMX-Rdern in die Luft.
Ein Knstler formt seine Statue.
Eine alte Frau trgt Einkaufstten auf einer belebten stdtischen Strae.
Ein Hund spielt mit einem Ball im Sand.
Ein Mann in gestreifter und ein anderer in lederner Kleidung posieren in einer Stadt fr die Kamera.
Zwei alte Mnner in Wintermnteln laufen durch den Wald.
Ein Mann befindet sich im Trbereich eines Busses und schaut nach vorne. 
Zwei Personen laufen neben einem alten Haus.
Ein Snowboarder macht einen groen Sprung und befindet sich in der Luft.
Eine Wand mit Schriftzgen von aufgebrachten Demonstranten in einer groen Stadt.
Fnf braune Hunde stehen an der Leine neben ihren Besitzern.
Drei weie Hunde befinden sich neben einem schwarzen Lama.
Ein Mann im Smoking spielt ein Blechblasinstrument und wird von einer Klavierspielerin begleitet.
Ein blondes Mdchen liest in dem Pfadfinderhandbuch.
Ein groer braun-weier Hund springt in die Luft.
Ein Festzug mit Brgerkriegssoldaten spielt Flte und Trommeln.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern spielt im Park Basketball.
Zwei Frauen beugen sich vor, um ein kleines Knguru zu berhren.
Eine Frau liegt in einem Bett, dessen Bettdecke ein Blumenmuster hat.
Ein frhlicher Mann zeltet im Schnee neben pinken Flamingos.
Ein Mann mit einer Sonnenbrille sitzt auf einer Terrasse.
Eine Gruppe von Hunden spielt zusammen im Schnee.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht vor einem Verkaufsstand.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern stt mit Styroporbechern an.
Eine orientalische Frau schaut auf eine kleine Auslage von Kosmetikprodukten auf dem Tisch.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem grnen Plastiklatz befindet sich in der Kche vor einem Mdchen in lilafarbener Kleidung.
Ein Mann trgt eine Brille und ein Oberteil auf dem "got rocks?" steht und wendet einen Eierkuchen in einer Pfanne.
Eine Gruppe von Personen schaut einem Snowboarder bei einem Kunststck zu.
Die Person in dem schwarzen Oberteil fhrt einen Trick auf der Strae vor, whrend die Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Ein Skifahrer mit einem Fallschirm hebt vom Boden ab.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht vor mehreren Geschften.
Zwei Mnner befinden sich im Fitnessstudio und einer beobachtet den anderen dabei, wie er auf einen Sandsack schlgt.
Ein Mann und ein kleiner Junge sitzen auf einer Stufe und essen Orangen.
Drei Tnzer tragen rote Schrpen und treten auf einer verdunkelten Bhne auf.
Eine Gruppe von Personen begutachtet frischen Salat auf einem rtlichen Straenmarkt.
Mehrere Personen in blauer und grner Kleidung stehen im Freien und singen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer weien Badehose springt in ein Schwimmbecken.
Der junge Tnzer marschiert bei dem Festzug.
Ein Junge auf einem Skateboard gleitet an einer Stange.
Zwei BMX-Fahrer auf einer schlammigen Strecke.
Ein Mann in roter und schwarzer Kleidung spielt einen Fuball mit seinem Kopf.
Ein groer Vogel schlgt seine Flgel ber dem Wasser.
Ein Hund hlt einen groen Stock in seiner Schnauze und rennt ber den Schnee.
Ein Baseballspieler mit einem goldenen Helm trgt ein blaues Trikot und graue Hosen.
Ein Outfielder ist bereit einen fliegenden Ball zu fangen.
Zwei Baseballspieler schtteln sich die Hnde.
Ein Hund mit wei-braunem Fell luft auf einen grasbewachsenen Hgel.
Eine Frau kauft bei Walmart eine groe Menge Katzenstreu.
Ein Mann in Jeans und einem grnen Oberteil arbeitet an einer Hockeybahn.
Ein kleines Kind ist von Menschen umgeben und schreit.
Ein Fahrradfahrer macht einen gewagten Sprung und seine Freunde beobachten ihn dabei.
Ein brauner Hund luft durch braunes Gras.
Ein Baseballspieler in einem blauen Trikot schlgt einen Lufer an der Base.
Ein Baseballspieler luft zu der Base.
Ein Mann wirft einen Ball ber ein Feld.
Der Mann in dem roten Oberteil trgt eine schwarze Tasche durch die Straen der Stadt.
Ein lterer Asiate trgt eine schwarz-grne Jacke und einen New-York-Hut und hlt ein Schild von einem Fahrradverleih.
Zwei Frauen in schwarzer Kleidung ben das Drehen von Waffen in der Luft.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt ins Wasser und greift einen Stock mit seiner Schnauze.
Ein alter Asiate mit einer roten Wollmtze und einer blauen Jacke lchelt.
Viele junge Leute tanzen in der Dunkelheit.
Eine Schulband luft bei einem Festzug mit.
Der groe schwarz-weie Hund luft auf dem Sand.
Ein Bullenreiter wurde gerade von einem Pferd abgeworfen.
Ansicht eines Fuballs, der in ein Tor geschossen wird.
Zwei kleine Mdchen sitzen auf einer Lwenstatue.
Zwei Jungen paddeln mit Fischernetzen auf dem Wasser. Einer von ihnen trgt ein langrmeliges gelbes Oberteil und der andere einen weiten Kapuzenpullover.
Ein Mann fhrt auf Skiern einen Berg hinunter.
Eine Frau mit dunklen lockigen Haaren und einem dunklen Kleid singt und hlt eine Gitarre.
Eine schne Frau macht Musik.
Eine Frau mit schwarzen Haaren und lilafarbenen Strhnen isst etwas, whrend ihr Begleiter in dem roten Oberteil zuschaut.
Ein brauner Hund luft durch schmutziges und schlammiges Gras.
Ein Mann in Spielkleidung luft auf einem Feld und ein anderer folgt ihm.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters ruht sich aus, nachdem er seine Trapeznummer im Zirkus beendet hat.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil schiebt einen Lffel in ihren Mund.
Ein kleines Mdchen reitet auf einem Spielzeugpferd an Weihnachten.
Zwei Frauen in weien Bademnteln entspannen auf einem Sofa und haben ihre Fe auf einen Couchtisch gelegt.
Personen tanzen vor einem Trainer.
Zwei Frauen im Badeanzug spielen am Strand.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf einem Skilift und im Hintergrund sind Berge zu sehen.
Ein kleiner Junge klammert sich an das Bein einer Marmorstatue, die eine Frau mit nacktem Oberkrper darstellt.
Eine asiatische Frau in einem schwarzen Bikini schaut in der Nhe des Schwimmbeckens auf ein Mobiltelefon.
Ein schwarzer und ein brauner Hund raufen miteinander und ein kleiner Hund schaut zu.
Eine blonde Frau ksst einem braunhaarigen Mann auf die Wange.
Ein Orchester probt und spielt Musik in einem Saal ohne Publikum.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil dirigiert ein kleines Ensemble aus Geigespielern.
Eine Person luft durch den Schnee, whrend hinter ihr schneebedeckte Berge zu sehen sind.
Personen in Ausrstung klettern einen schneebedeckten Berg hinauf.
Ein Junge mit einem dunklen und eine Frau in einem braunen Oberteil spielen mit einem lilafarbenen Stofftier.
Ein kleines Mdchen klettert an einer Seilvorrichtung.
Zwei Mnner laufen entlang einer belebten Strae auf einem Gehweg, auf dem Wrter gedruckt sind.
Ein Mann in einem dunklen Pullover steht hinter einem Stuhl.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht drauen herum und eine Person trgt rosafarbene Hosen und ein blaues Oberteil.
Ein Baseballspieler von Notre Dame luft ber die Bases.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einem Baseballfeld und ein Spieler trifft auf die Base.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt in weiter Ferne.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tragen groe weie glitzernde Kronen und posieren neben Palmen und glitzernden roten und weien Sternen im Hintergrund. 
Ein Mann reitet auf einem Pferd vor Zuschauern.
Eine Person in einem Kleid luft durch Schlamm am Wasser entlang.
Ein Handwerker repariert Ziegel an einem Schornstein.
Durch einen Maschendrahtzaun ist ein Skateboarder auf einer Rampe zu sehen.
Eine Person sitzt an einem Schreibtisch in einer Bibliothek.
Ein Baseballspieler versucht auf die dritte Base zu rutschen, whrend ein anderer ihn Spieler blockt und ein Schiedsrichter sich nhert.
Ein Baseballspieler in weier Kleidung schlgt den Ball.
Ein Pitcher macht sich bereit, einen Ball whrend eines Baseballspiels zu werfen.
Einer der Spieler gehrt der irischen Mannschaft an.
An etwas festzuhalten kann sowohl gut als auch schlecht ausgehen!
Der Mann fllt Benzin in sein Auto.
Ein Mann rasiert mit einem Nassrasierer seine Wange.
Fnf alte Mnner spielen Billard.
Zwei Frauen laufen vor einem Bus ber die Strae.
Ein roter Schlepper legt gleich am Hafen an.
Ein Hund springt parallel zu einem Tennisball in die Luft.
Zwei Kinder laufen ber eine Sanddne.
Eine Frau springt auf die Spitze eines Sandhgels.
Mdchen nehmen an einem Basketballspiel vor einer Zuschauermenge teil.
Arbeiter stellen einen Gegenstand aus Metall und Holz her.
Ein Mdchen in einem karierten Oberteil fhrt auf einem Einrad.
Drei Mnner laufen einer nach dem anderen in einer Reihe und befinden sich auf einer stdtischen Strae vor einem Laden mit dem Namen "The Odeon".
Eine Gruppe von Freunden rutscht einen sandigen Hgel hinunter.
Ein Skilanglufer verzieht das Gesicht, als er eine leichte Steigung befhrt.
Ein Mann trgt einen Hut und schlft auf einem groen braunen Stuhl.
Ein kleines Mdchen in hellgrner Kleidung luft auf dem Gehweg und trgt eine Tasche oder Kiste.
Zwei Mnner warten auf ihr Interview, whrend ein anderer die Mikrofone testet.
Eine Frau lffelt Eiscreme, whrend ein Mann neben ihr am Tisch sitzt.
Eine Frau mit langen braunen Haaren sitzt allein in einer Bar.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen in einem grnen Anorak und roten Regenstiefeln stellt einen Fu in den Rand eines kleinen Sees, whrend im Hintergrund karge Bume und ein besetztes Motorboot mit Auenborder zu sehen sind.
Zwei Mnner mit Bart und eine Frau.
Eine Menschenmenge hlt Fahnen und Schilder.
Vier Kinder klettern auf einen schneebedeckten Hgel, whrend ein Kind Schwierigkeiten hat.
Zwei Mnner befinden sich in einer schmalen Gasse. Einer von ihnen hat seine Hnde in seine Hosentaschen gesteckt und schaut in die gleiche Richtung wie der Mann hinter ihm.
Zwlf Personen in einem Heiluftballon sind startbereit.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank in der Nhe des Strands und bindet seine Schuhe.
Ein Mann spielt auf einem Gehweg Gitarre.
Zwei Mnner fahren Ski Nordisch gegeneinander, whrend andere ihnen von hinten zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern Mitte zwanzig sitzt um einen Tisch herum.
Eine Person fhrt mit dem Skateboard durch eine lange Rhre.
Ein Surfer fhrt auf einer brechenden Welle.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad morgens durch ein waldiges Gebiet.
Personen auf einem Gehweg, whrend eine Person auf der Strae eine Axt hlt.
Ein Junge befindet sich mit seinem Fahrrad ber einem stdtischen Fuweg nahe eines Gelnders in der Luft.
Windhunde mit Maulkrben laufen auf einer Hunderennbahn um die Wette.
Ein Mann mit einem Langarmoberteil feuert eine Signalpistole in der Nacht ab.
Eine rothaarige Frau mit einer Menschenmenge im Hintergrund.
Drei Hunde befinde sich vor einem Zaun im Schnee.
Eine Person sitzt in einem Lift ber Wasser, whrend eine andere Person ihr eine Tasche reicht.
Ein Junge sitzt auf einem Sofa mit einem Hammer in seinen Hnden.
Snowboarder machen Kunststcke auf einem Berg.
Eine Person auf einem Motorrad macht von einem Felsen aus einen Hochstart.
Das Mdchen in dem gelben Kleid sieht sehr niedlich aus.
Ein Junge und sein Hund stehen auf einem Trampolin und genieen die Gegenwart des jeweils anderen.
Eine junge Frau wscht ihr Auto.
Ein Mann betrachtet in einem Lebensmittelgeschft ein Produkt in seinen Hnden.
Ein Vogel mit ausgebreiteten Flgeln befindet sich ber dem Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Kleid sitzt auf weien Steinen.
Ein Kind macht sich bereit, eine Rutsche herunterzurutschen.
Eine Frau hlt in einem Laden einen Artikel in ihrer linken Hand und schaut von der Kamera weg.
Eine Person springt in einem kahlen Wald mit dem Fahrrad von einer Rampe.
Zwei junge Frauen berqueren gerade die Strae, als ein gelber Schulbus vorbeifhrt.
Eine ltere Frau trgt eine rosafarben-gestreifte Bluse.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Restaurant auf einem schwarzen Stuhl und raucht.
Personen entspannen sich whrend eines Karnevals nachts auf dem Rasen.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen und orangefarbenen Jacke wirft einen Stock, den ein braun-schwarzer Hund holen soll.
Ein groer grau-weier Wasservogel.
Zwei Hunde spielen im Gras miteinander.
Personen reiten auf Pferden am Strand.
Personen in orangefarbenen Gewndern reihen sich hinter einem Mann mit Sonnenbrille auf.
Ein Skater fhrt auf einer Halfpipe.
Der grau-weie Hund luft durch den Schnee.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen isst auf einer Terrasse.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden spielt in einem See.
Der Surfer kommt an einem anderen Surfer vorbei, whrend er zu einer Welle paddelt.
Eine Frau arbeitet an ihrem Laptop und lchelt eine Person in einem blauen Oberteil an, die neben ihr liegt.
Eine Frau in einem lachsfarbenen Oberteil gestikuliert und redet mit einem Mann in einem grnen Oberteil.
Ein Mann stellt sein Fahrrad vor einem Gebude neben einer Statue vom Kopf eines Mannes ab.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Oberteil redet an einem rosafarbenen Handy.
Eine Person in einem Regenmantel steht auf einem Boot, das durch Wasser fhrt.
Ein Skifahrer in roter Kleidung springt ber dem Schnee hoch in die Luft.
Ein kleiner brauner Hund hlt seinen Kopf in eine bunte Tasche, in der sich Lappen befinden.
Ein Mdchen rutscht whrend eines Softballspiels auf die Base.
Eine Person rumt Dreck vor einer Bhne weg.
Eine Gruppe von Personen befindet sich im Wasser.
Fnf Mnner in Smokings springen vor einem kleinen Fluss in die Luft.
Der Mann und seine zwei Kinder werden gleich an einer Person vorbeigehen.
Zwei Hunde bellen in einer Kche, whrend eine Person am Tisch sitzt.
Die Person fhrt mit einem Fallschirm Ski auf einem schneebedeckten Hgel.
Zwei Mnner und zwei Frauen in Jacken laufen auf einer groen stdtischen Strae.
Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich im Freien.
Ein Mann befindet sich kopfber im Schnee.
Ein Mann betrachtet ein Kunstwerk.
Ein Hund befindet sich oben auf einer blauen Rutsche und ein kleiner Junge ist hinter ihm.
Eine Softballspielerin versucht verzweifelt an die Base zu gelangen, whrend eine Gegnerin sie berhrt und damit ein Out erzielt.
Zwei bergewichtige Frauen mit langen Haaren posieren vor Bumen fr die Kamera.
Ein paar Mnner sitzen vor einer Bar.
Eine Person in einem karierten Oberteil macht von einer weien Vespa-Tasche, die auf dem Rasen liegt, ein Foto.
Ein kleines Kind spielt neben einem Stuhl am Strand.
Personen stehen in der Nhe der 3rd Street in einem Gebude, das sich im Bau befindet.
Ein Junge und seine Haustierkrte verbringen Zeit miteinander.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut reitet mit seinem Pferd aus.
Personen essen an einem sehr langen Tisch im Freien.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Overall hngt in einem Gurt von einer Metallstange herab.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Personen betrachtet einen kunstvollen Springbrunnen.
Eine Person sitzt von Mll umgeben in einem grnen Stuhl vor einem Gebude.
Ein weier Mann mit blonden Haaren trinkt Bier.
Eine Fuballmannschaft hebt einen Mitspieler hoch, damit er den Ball fangen kann.
Der Mann mit den stacheligen Haaren sitzt neben einem bunten Plakat.
Ein alter Mann hlt einen weien Maulesel, der einen roten Karren zieht, an der Leine.
Ein Snowboarder greift nach seinem Brett, whrend er sich in der Luft befindet.
Ein Junge steht auf einem schneebedeckten Hgel und betrachtet einen Sonnenauf- oder Sonnenuntergang.
Ein kleiner Hund verfolgt einen weien Ball auf der Wiese.
Eine Person trgt einen chinesischen Hut und grtnert, whrend eine Gruppe von Personen hinter ihm in eine andere Richtung schaut.
Der Skater dreht sich herum und berhrt dabei den Boden.
Ein Mann in einem roten Pullover trgt ein Kind auf seinen Schultern.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge lsst sich die Haare schneiden.
Ein Kind mit einem Cowboyhut sitzt mit einer Gitarre auf seinem Scho.
Ein kleines Baby in einem gelben Kleid lchelt.
Das Mdchen zeigt auf einen Geysir.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch den Wald.
Eine Person in schner Kleidung tanzt auf Beton.
Ein Snowboarder springt ber ein Fass.
Ein Mann in weier Kleidung trgt eine weie Maske auf seinem Gesicht und gibt sich auf einem Platz als eine Statue aus.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd hlt die Hand eines Babys.
Ein Mann und sein Kind machen ein Foto mit Kissen ber ihren Kpfen.
Ein klatschnasser Hund planscht durch das Wasser.
Ein Mann springt mit einem Skateboard unter einer Brcke.
Personen laufen vor einem Outdoor-World-Laden.
Die Frau in blauer Kleidung scheint Glas zu blasen, whrend ihr ein Kind zuschaut.
Der Junge in dem bunt gestreiften Oberteil betrachtet die rote Kiste.
Ein junger Mann trgt einen Anzug, eine Krawatte und eine Sonnenbrille und luft auf einem Gehweg mit einem Blatt Papier in der Hand, das er zu lesen scheint.
Ein groer brauner Hund sitzt auf dem Bett und ist von Geschenkpapier umgeben.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit einem Gert auf dem Boden vor einem Pfau aus Stein.
Ein Hund schwimmt und planscht durch Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge betrachtet ein kleines Mdchen in weier Kleidung, das auf ihrem Fahrrad neben Bumen fhrt.
Ein Hund leckt seine Nase.
Ein schwarz-brauner Hund spielt mit einem Stock.
Ein Mann in Jeans hlt einen Fahrradrahmen und ein anderer Mann steht im Hintergrund. 
Ein Mann mit einem orangefarbenen Seesack und ein Mdchen mit Zpfen schieben einen bepackten Wagen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Hund springt ber eine Latte mit einem Ball in der Schnauze.
Ein Kranich mit ausgebreiteten Flgeln befindet sich ber dem Meer.
Der Hund ruht sich aus, nachdem er spielerisch Dinge apportiert hat.
Ein lchelndes Kleinkind sitzt in einer Badewanne und hat ihr nasses Haar ab der Kopfhaut zu einem langen, nassen Stachel gedreht.
Ein Skifahrer macht an einer Stange ein Kunststck und wird dabei von einem anderen Mann fotografiert.
Zwei braune Hunde raufen spielerisch im Schnee.
Zwei Frauen helfen der Braut dabei, ihr Brautkleid anzuziehen.
Einige Kinder befinden sich im Freien und probieren Kostme aus der Brgerkriegszeit an.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Snowboard einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Fahrrad inmitten eines Waldes.
Ein Mann fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf einem Hgel.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil und einer braunen Jacke sitzt neben einem Haufen Bohnen.
Ein Moslem trgt eine Sonnenbrille und bereitet Essen zu.
Ein Snowboarder in einer roten Jacke fhrt einen Berg hinunter.
Ein Mdchen nimmt an einem Curling-Wettkampf teil.
Drei Jugendliche in T-Shirts laufen auf der Strae.
Ein Mann reinigt die Fensterscheibe.
Ein junger Mann stemmt eine groe Langhantel in einem Fitnessstudio.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten auf einem Schlepper.
Eine Sngerin in einem hellbraunen Kleid zieht das Mikrofon zu sich hin, als drei Musiker mit Streichinstrumenten zu spielen anfangen.
Eine Person spielt Gitarre.
Eine Mutter hlt ihr Baby auf dem Scho.
Eine Frau in weier Kleidung spielt Tennis.
In einem leeren Fitnessstudio hockt eine Frau und bereitet sich darauf vor, eine Hantel zu stemmen.
Viele Personen beschlieen zu essen.
Zwei Frauen in schwarzer Kleidung haben Blut an ihren Gesichtern und Knien.
Ein hellbrauner Hund luft durch das Gras.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen und ein asiatischer Junge tragen Anzge, sitzen an einem Tisch und scheinen zu lernen.
Ein Bild von Jim, der eine Brille und einen Laborkittel trgt.
Zwei Mnner polieren die Schuhe ihrer Kunden im Freien.
Zwei Mannschaften stehen sich bei einem Fuballspiel gegenber.
Fischer stehen nebeneinander an einem Sandstrand und werfen ein Netz ins Meer.
Der Mann befindet sich in einem Restaurant mit Spielautomaten.
Ein Mann in weier und grner Kleidung spielt Fuball auf einem Feld.
Zwei Mdchen in blauen Trikots und eins in weiem Trikot spielen Fuball.
Zwei Figuren stehen in einer verschneiten Umgebung, tragen weie und leuchtend pinkfarbene Kleidung und bestaunen einen Berg.
Personen betrachten Dsenflieger auf einer groen Veranstaltung.
Eine orientalische Frau trgt eine schwarze Tunika, Leggins und Stiefel und steht vor einem Wochenmarkt.
Ein Motorradfahrer fliegt in der Nhe von Sanddnen durch die Luft.
Ein Paar bestaunt eine Abbildung auf einem Jahrmarkt.
Ein Hund fngt ein Spielzeug im Schnee.
Ein kleines Mdchen zieht an einer Decke, whrend ein kleiner Junge darauf liegt.
Zwei Mdchen spielen frhlich im Park.
Drei junge Studenten sitzen an Tischen in einer Bibliothek und machen Hausaufgaben.
Ein kleiner Junge springt von einem Felsbrocken im Wald.
Der schwarz-weie Hund springt ber einen Baumstamm in der Nhe eines Bachs.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen nachts mit wirbelnden Taschenlampen in den Hnden.
Ein Mann mit einer Brille sitzt hinter einem Tisch, auf dem militrische Erinnerungsstcke liegen.
Ein braun-weier Hund rollt sich im Gras herum.
Eine Frau in einer braunen Weste luft mit einem Tier im Schnee.
Ein Hund luft ber den Strand.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille, einem gestreiften Pullover und einer Lederjacke lchelt und erhebt seinen Finger.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten an ihren Laptops von Apple.
Ein nasser, brauner Hund springt aus dem Wasser heraus.
Ein Mann in Uniform betrachtet einen schnell vorbeifahrenden Zug.
Zwei Arbeiter mit gelben Schutzhelmen und blauer Arbeitskleidung reinigen einen Parkplatz.
Ein Mann in dunkler Kleidung dreht sich von einem Gebudeeingang mit erhobenen Armen weg.
Ein Junge auf einem Skateboard gleitet an einem Gelnder hinunter.
Ein Basketballspieler zieht zum Korb.
Ein Basketballspieler hlt sich am Ring eines Basketballkorbs fest.
Zwei Mannschaften spielen Rugby auf dem Boden.
Ein Footballspieler in roter Kleidung wird von einem Spieler in weier Kleidung getroffen.
Zwei Fuballspielerinnen messen sich in einem Spiel.
Der Mann auf der linken Seite betrachtet die Frau und den Mann.
Drei kleine Kinder fahren mit einem Wagen, der von einem Maulesel gezogen wird.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Oberteil und einer Brille hebt seine Hnde hoch, whrend er an einem Pokertisch sitzt.
Zwei Basketballspieler aus gegnerischen Mannschaften greifen nach dem Ball.
Ein athletischer Basketballspieler landet von einem Dunk.
Viele Personen beobachten einen Footballspieler, der einen Ball fngt.
Ein Footballspieler in einem grnen und goldenen Trikot springt ber einen gegnerischen Spieler und hlt den Ball fest am Krper.
Junge Frauen spielen eine anspruchsvolle Partie Lacrosse.
Ein Lacrossespieler feiert mit einem Mitspieler.
Ein Kleinkind schwingt sehr hoch nach hinten.
Personen in einer Schulkantine mit einem Jungen in gelb-braun gestreifter Kleidung im Vordergrund.
Zwei junge Frauen posieren und halten sich gegenseitig in einer Nahaufnahme.
Ein braun-weier Hund befindet sich auf einem Trampolin mit einem Wald im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut steht und schtzt seine Augen.
Eine Person, die eine graue Jacke und Sonnenbrille trgt, posiert fr die Kamera.
Zwei Frauen sind mit einem Kinderwagen in einem edlen Restaurant.
Ein Kampfknstler schlgt seinem Gegner auf den Oberschenkel, whrend ein Schiedsrichter seine Hand in die Luft wirft.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover spielt Dart.
Ein Aufgebot an Dudelsackspielern geht zu Fu auf einer Strae in einer Parade entlang.
Eine Person mit Skiern und einem Hund stehen im Schnee.
Ein Mann auf einem gelben Surfbrett reitet auf einer einfachen Welle.
Zwei Leute arbeiten auf einer Leiter, um etwas von einem Baum zu holen.
Ein Junge auf einem Skateboard fhrt auf einer Steinmauer.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt auf Rampen.
Eine Frau in einem dunklen Hemd und Brille schaut auf eine Digitalkamera.
Zwei Mnner spielen gegeneinander.
Zwei Jungen, beide tragen weie Anzge, einer mit einem schwarzen Grtel der, der andere mit einem schwarz-roten Grtel, kmpfen gegeneinander.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Kajak paddelt durch die Stromschnellen.
Ein Hund spielt im Schnee mit einem weien Ball.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Hemd schaut auf das Wasser.
Die Tnzerin bekommt ihre endgltige Schminke bevor sie auf die Bhne geht.
Ein lterer Mann in einem Rollstuhl betteln um Almosen.
Eine Person luft am Rande der Wellen die vom Meer kommen.
Ein Mann macht einen Handstand am Strand.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden spielt Mitten im Wald Instrumente.
Ein Mann sitzt drauen auf einer Bank und schlft.
Massen von Leuten sind in einer Strae mit aufgereihten hellbraunen Gebuden.
Ein Erwachsener lchelt mit einem Kind auf einer Schaukel.
Ein schwarzer Hund kmpft mit einem braunen Hund im Schnee.
Ein Mann mit Fliege und Brille posiert fr ein Foto.
Zwei junge Mnner stehen und halten ein Schild gegen eine Wand.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Person sitzt auf einer Brcke.
Zwei Frauen mit den Armen umeinander geschlungen, lcheln in die Kamera.
Ein Mann der ein Getrnk in der Hand hlt, posiert mit einer Frau.
Ein Mann wirft einen kleinen weien Ball auf einige rote Becher.
Ein Mann und eine Frau liegen entspannt auf einem Sofa.
Ein asiatischer Jungen und ein Mdchen gehen zu Fu in einer Menschenmenge mit Bumen auf ihrem Weg.
Ein Mann spielt eine braune und weie E-Gitarre.
Ein Tennisspieler macht sich bereit eine Rckhand in einem Tennisspiel zu schlagen.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinunter.
Eine Gruppe Leute mit Handschuhen arbeitet an groen bunten Quadraten.
Eine Familie sitzt auf den Verandastufen vor einem beigefarbenen Haus.
Eine Band die aus fnf jungen erwachsenen Mnnern besteht, macht eine Auffhrung neben einem Fenster.
Fnf Personen sind in einem parkhnlichen Bereich und einer von ihnen greift nach einer Handschaukel.
Ein einsamer Demonstrant in einer schwarzen Jacke steht auf dem Brgersteig.
Menschen sitzen auf Sthlen mit Blick auf einen steilen felsigen Hang.
Eine Person springt auf Skiern ber ein Haus.
Dies ist eine kleine Briefmarke mit blauem Himmel und weien Linien mit grnen Bschen.
Eine brauner Hund grbt ein Loch vor einer Pflanze.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt in der Nacht auf einem grnen Schlitten.
Ein groer, brauner Hund schttelt sich im Wasser.
Ein nasser Hund kommt aus tiefem Wasser.
Eine Gruppe von Jungen in blauen Badesachen versucht, in einen Pool, zu ihren Schwimmtrainern, zu springen.
Ein Paraskifahrer landet auf einem Berg.
Eine Frau sortiert auf einem hellen, blauen Tuch Sachen.
Ein junger Mann rollt die rmel seines Pullovers hoch.
Ein Mann benutzt einen Laubblser, um Bltter vom Brgersteig runter zu pusten.
Eine Frau in einem roten Basketball Trikot hlt einen Basketball und schaut nach oben.
Zwei Frauen sitzen an einem Schreibtisch in einem groen Raum mit weien Wnden.
Ein Junge hlt ein Getrnkedose in einen Wasserfall.
Ein Surfer reitet eine Welle auf einem groen Gewsser.
Ein einsamer Mann geht durch einen Friedhof.
Ein weier Hund jagt eine Ente in einem Fluss.
Ein Hund der eine orange Jacke trgt, liegt im Schnee.
Eine Gruppe von asiatischen Mdchen in rosa und lila angezogen, posiert in einer Reihe.
Eine Person in Schutzausrstung fhrt Gelndemotorrad.
Ein Mann auf einem Schlitten wird von seinen Hunden durch den Schnee gezogen.
Ein rothaariges Mdchen sitzt im Hinterhof auf einer Wippe.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt vor einem Restaurant einer Skihtte.
Drei Mnner, die grne T-Shirts tragen, machen eine Straenauffhrung.
Ein groer grauer Vogel mit gelben Beinen fliegt in der Nhe des Wassers.
Ein Mdchen in rosa lchelt fr die Kamera.
Ein Mdchen in rosa Socken springt mit Hnden in der Luft.
Eine Frau hlt eine Kokosnuss vor einen interessierten Hund.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem gestreiften Sweatshirt und Jeans rennt m Gras.
Ein Mann sitzt mit einigen Taschen auf einer Bank .
Bei einem Eishockeyspiel, versucht ein Mann ein Tor zu schieen.
Mdchen in Kostmen stehen herum, ein Mdchen lchelt.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch Schmutz und Unkraut.
Ein Hund luft durch den Schnee.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund luft ber ein schneebedecktes Feld.
Ein Hund springt durch Wasser.
Zwei junge Frauen unterhalten sich an einem Tisch in einem Caf.
Ein Paar ksst sich auf einer Brcke.
Ein Kerl macht einen Snowboardtrick auf einem Hang.
Ein kleines Kind jagt eine Taube.
Ein schwarzer und ein brauner Hund gehen durch den Wald.
Zwei Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch mit leeren Glsern vor sich.
Ein Hund mit einem Stock im Maul luft durch den Wald.
Eine Tanzgruppe von afroamerikanischen Jugendlichen macht eine choreographierte Bewegung.
Eine Reihe von Vgeln sitzt vor einer grauen Wolke.
Jemand guckt sich die schne Aussicht der Stadt an.
Ein Mann steht in der Abteilung fr Frauen Lifestyle-Magazine und liest eine Zeitschrift mit der Aufschrift Ich bin schwanger!.
Eine schwarze Limousine ist neben einem berfllten Treppenhaus geparkt.
Eine Dame mit Fleischerschrze singt auf einer Bhne, whrend ihre Band im Hintergrund spielt.
Ein Kerl der Barfu ist und ein orangefarbenes T-Shirt und schwarze Hose trgt, springt in einem Kfig auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Haufen Hunde konkurriert in einem Rennen.
Ein Jahrmarkt in der Nacht.
Ein Mann in einem grnen T-Shirt mit einem Halstuch ber den Augen, liegt auf dem Rasen neben einem schwarzen Vogel.
Ein Mann fhrt ein dreirdriges Motorrad.
Ein Kind macht mit einem Spielzeug auf der Bhne einen Auftritt und im Hintergrund ist eine bunte Ballon-Kulisse.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht zu Fu ber eine Strae
Eine Gruppe von Kindern redet mit einem Offiziellen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Spanienhemd und eine Frau mit lila Strhnen im Haar.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt mit hoher Geschwindigkeit einen Feldweg im Wald runter.
Ein Hund springt aus einem Bach.
Mehrere Kinder in Outfits sind in einem dunklen Raum, und zwei von ihnen halten sich an Seilen in der Luft fest.
Ein Mdchen das ein lila T-Shirt und hellbraune Shorts trgt, wurde in eine Tanzbewegung gestellt.
Ein weier Hund versucht einen Tennisball hoch in der Luft zu fangen.
Ein lchelnder Mann mit Kopfhrern und einem grauen Schnurrbart
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen ist in einer Care Bears Decke eingewickelt, und hinter ihr ist Weihnachtspapier.
Ein Pelikan fliegt mit ausgetreckten Fen zum Wasser.
Ein Teenager macht auf seinem Skateboard Tricks in einem Gebiet umgeben mit viel Graffiti.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Kajak durch Stromschnellen hinunter.
Eine asiatische weibliche Tennisspielerin bereitet sich auf einem grn und lila Platz darauf vor, einen Volley zurck zu schlagen.
Ein Mann mit mehrfarbiger Badehose, reitet ein Surfbrett auf einer Welle.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einem Bordstein mit Inline-Skates und Schutzausrstung.
Die Leute in dem roten Gleitschirm, gleiten ber das Wasser.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Bord im Meer und wird von etwas in die Luft gezogen.
Ein Mdchen macht ein rhythmisches Gymnastikprogramm.
Subway Arbeiter benutzen Leitern um sich ein mgliches Problem anzuschauen, whrend ein rotes Subway Auto schnell an ihnen vorbei fhrt.
Ein Fischer der ein Poncho und einen Hut trgt, sitzt am Rande des Wassers.
Ein Hund steht bis zu den Ellbogen im Schnee.
Drei Menschen stehen auf einem Pfad der durch den Wald geht.
Ein Snowboarder macht mit einem schneebedeckten Hgel im Hintergrund einen Salto.
Zwei weibliche Turnerin machen Gymnastik bevor ihre Zeit vorber ist.
Ein Junge liet vor einem roten Stuhl und einem Grill ein Comicbuch.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer bereitet sich darauf vor einen Hang hinunter zu fahren.
Typen die gelb, rot und blau tragen, rennen auf Gras.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Weste und Brille spielt mit einem braunen Hund.
Ein Mdchen in einem Kleid geht spazieren, whrend eine Familie im Hintergrund steht.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht Hacky-Sack zu spielen.
Zwei Mdchen springen vor Kiefern hoch in die Luft.
Ein alter Mann lehrt einem kleinen Kind wie man fhrt.
Eine junge Frau in einem schwarzen rmellosen Hemd guckt um sich und sieht aus als wrde Sie vor etwas hinter ihr auf der Flucht sein.
Ein kleines Kind sitzt zwischen einem Durcheinander von Farbe.
Zwei Hunde spielen und wlzten sich miteinander im Gras.
Ein Mann reitet einen buckelnden Stier bei einem Rodeo.
Kinder spielen im Sand mit einer Sandstruktur umgeben von vielen ffnungen die aussehen wie Fenster.
Eine Frau auf einem Fahrrad hlt an um mit einem Herrn, der auf einem Stuhl auf dem Brgersteig sitzt, zu sprechen.
Ein Hund luft mit einem anderen Hund im Hintergrund, der ein Ball in seinem Maul trgt.
Eine Parade von Dudelsackpfeifern spaziert durch eine Stadtstrae.
Ein Reiter, der auf einem Pferd sitzt, springt ber ein Flugzeug das auf dem Boden liegt.
Ein Mann zeigt vielen Menschen seine Ausstellung.
Dieser Mann, der ein blaues Stirnband und ein weies Hemd trgt, spielt Tennis.
Zwei Mnner mit Sonnenbrillen sitzen an einem Tisch und trinken Bier.
Ein Hund luft mit einer roten Frisbee durch den Schnee.
Mehrere Musiker spielen bei einem geselligen Beisammensein zusammen mit zwei Tnzerinnen.
Ein Mann und ein Junge suchen etwas auf dem Boden.
Kinder und Erwachsene in leuchtend bunten Kleidern tanzen.
Eine junger Dalmatiner trgt einen Hut neben einem Baum.
Eine Dame in einem karierten Kleid streichelt das Gesicht ihres weien Hundes.
Ein Junge arbeitet an einem Projekt in einem Werkunterricht.
Der Mann trgt blaue Jeansshorts und grillt.
Eine Lacrosse-Spieler guckt auf ein Objekt am Himmel, das nicht der Ball ist.
Eine Gruppe von Jungen spielt drauen Lacrosse.
Eine Frau und ein junges Mdchen sitzen und lcheln.
Ein erwachsener Mann trgt ein Spider-Man Outfit das aus einer Bettdecke gemacht wurde.
Ein Mdchen in einem Kapuzenpullover hlt ein Nickerchen mit ihrem schwarzen Hund.
Ein Skateboardfahrer in einem grnen Hemd machen Tricks in der Luft.
Drei Kinder in einem Dorf stehen unter einer Markise.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Rucksack verlsst einen Stadtbus.
Vier Personen, zwei in grner und zwei in roter Spielkleidung, spielen ein Lacrosse-Spiel.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd dreht eine Tonschale.
Ein Mann in einem hellblauen Hemd mit einem gelben und schwarzen Schal macht einen Tonteller.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Sweatshirt schiebt einen riesigen Mammutbaum durch einen verschneiten Wald.
Ein junger Mann in einem schwarz-wei gestreiften Hemd liegt auf dem Gras whrend in der Nhe auf einer Strae der Verkehr vorbeifhrt.
Zwei Frauen mit Brillen gehen Arm in Arm die Strae entlang.
Zwei kleine Kinder stehen neben einem Schaufenster.
Ein paar Leute beobachten ein Kind in der Badewanne.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank vor einem verlassenen Gebude.
Eine Braut hat ein Fotoshooting im Freien in der Umgebung von vielen Leute.
Ein Golfer in einer weien Mtze puttet in ein Loch, whrend er von Schaulustigen und andere Golfern umgeben ist.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft durch Gras.
Ein gelber Hund luft in der Nhe eines Berges durch ein Feld.
Eine dunkelbrauner Hund steht auf Baumaschinen.
Ein Tennisspieler macht sich bereit den Ball zurck zu schlagen.
Ein Tennisspieler bereitet sich darauf vor Tennis zu spielen.
Ein Mann der einen weien Hut trgt, schwenkt seinen Arm zurck um zu werfen.
Ein Mann schwingt seinen Schlger in einer Partie Golf.
Ein Mann in einem roten Kajak paddelt durch eine Welle
Ein Mann hlt einen Vortrag vor interessierten Leuten vor einer Hinweissule.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau kippen Schnpse in einer Kneipe hinunter.
Ein Paar steht neben seinen Kindern, die von einem Priester getauft werden.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut und Jacke, steht auf einem Brgersteig mit einem Haufen Mll vor ihm.
Mnner sitzen drauen unter einem Baum der in voller Blte steht.
Menschen in der Kche auf einer Party mit Essen und Trinken.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen in einem Gehege mit vielen mehrfarbigen Bllen.
Ein Teenager in gestreiften Shorts springt am Strand in die Luft.
Ein Kajak-Fahrer hebt seine Arme als er mit Wasser bespritzt wird.
Ein Mann in Schwarz applaudiert einem Lufer mit einem roten Trikot mit der Zahl 281.
Eine groe Gruppe Leute beobachtet eine Person, die eine Stange hoch klettert.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd hebt seinen Tennisschlger und lchelt.
Ein jugendlicher Junge macht einen Fahrradtrick auf einer Fahrradrampe.
Ein Junge steht in einem blauen Dreieck auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann ksst einen Jungen auf dem Rcksitz eines Kleinbuses.
Ein Kind zeigt zwei Spielzeuge whrend es in einem VW-Bus sitzt.
Zwei blaue Schlauchboote sind an einer Kollision auf weiem Wasser beteiligt.
Ein hellbrauner Hund springt ber eine Hrde in einem Innenraum.
Jemand fhrt auf Ski einen Berghang hinab.
Ein Biber am Ufer eines Flusses.
Serena Williams, die ein orangefarbenes Outfit trgt, schlgt einen Ball.
Zwei Lufer die Startnummern tragen, klettern ber einen Baum der auf der Strecke liegt.
Ein Kerl und ein Mdchen gucken sich spielerisch an, whrend sie auf Sthlen sitzen.
Ein Mann in einem braun und rot karierten Oberhemd und blauen Jeans bringt einen Mann und eine Frau zum lachen.
Ein Kind luft durch ein Feld mit gelben Blumen.
Menschen stehen in einem Raum um einen runden Empfangstisch herum.
Eine Frau spielt in einem leuchtend orangen Outfit Tennis.
Vier Frauen halten entlang eines Gehwegs an, um sich einen Bereich hinter dem Zaun anzugucken.
Eine indischen Familie fhrt auf einer Strae Motorrad.
Ein brauner Hund, der ein orangefarbenes Halsband trgt, springt um einen leuchtend bunten Ball zu fangen.
Ein Kind spielt mit etwas Garn.
Eine Parade Cheerleader trgt schwarz, rosa und weie Uniformen.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug springt zu seiner Braut.
Zwei Offiziere reiten ihre Pferde auf einer Strae am Rande eines grnen und gelben Parks.
Eine Frau redet mit einem kleines Mdchen das ein Spiel spielt.
Eine Person mit roten Haaren und einem schwarzen T-Shirt steht drauen, redet und gestikuliert mit den Hnden.
Eine Person sitzt am Rande einer Felsenklippe.
Zwei Hunde greifen gleichzeitig einen roten Gegenstand.
Ein Tennisspieler bewegt sich um einen Ball zu schlagen.
Ein Mann mit einem Tennisschlger, der ein blaues Stirnband und blaue Armbndern trgt, spielt Tennis.
Ein Junge schlgt einen Tennisball auf einem Tennisplatz.
Ein Tennisspieler luft ber den Platz mit seinem Schlger in der Hand.
Ein Junge in einem Mets Trikot posiert auf seinem Fahrrad.
Viele Menschen sitzen in einem Park und gucken einem Schachspiel zu.
Ein Pferderennen auf einer Grasbahn.
Die Schler die auf dem Rasen sitzen, essen ein Mittagessen aus einem roten Rucksack.
Ein Junge macht einen Breakdance, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Der Tennisspieler macht sich bereit einen Ball, der fast bei ihm ist zu schlagen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Stirnband spielt Tennis.
Eine Person, die einen Tennisschlger in der Hand hlt, schlgt einen gelben Tennisball.
Leute kaufen Sachen in Lden im Auenbereich ein.
Ein kleiner Junge der ein rotes Helm trgt, fhrt mit dem Fahrrad einen strukturierten Weg entlang.
Das Bild zeigt zwei Personen, die zwischen Autos auf einer Strae hindurch gehen.
Ein paar Mnner spielen auf der Strae mit einem Ball.
Fnf Leute berblicken die schne Stadt.
Mehrere Mnner in Bioschutzanzgen tragen eine menschlich aussehende Puppe auf einem Rollbett.
Ein Vater wirft seine Tochter in einen Oceanside-Pool.
Mehrere Jungen spielen vor einer riesigen braunen Holztr Fuball.
Eine Gruppe Leute fhrt auf der Ladeflche eines Lastwagens auf einer Schotterstrae.
Eine Frau umarmt einen Mann bei einer Abendveranstaltung.
Kinder spielen vor einer groen Tr.
Ein erwachsener Mann und ein barbusiges Mdchen tanzen.
Ein Mdchen in gepunkteter Kleidung, schaut auf ein Pferd.
Ein Mdchen, das einen Hut trgt und einen iPod in der Hand hlt, sitzt an der Seite eines Gebudes.
Zwei Erwachsene unterhalten sich, whrend eine Rauchwolke den Hintergrund fllt.
Zwei Personen gucken sich eine Art Lichtausstellung an.
Der alte Mann trgt eine Brille, einen Schal und einen Hut.
Ein Junge macht einen Fahrradtrick an einer Wand, die mit Graffiti bemalt ist.
Ein Junge hlt ein Fischernetz.
Ein Tennisspieler steht auf einem Tennisplatz und schwingt seinen Tennisschlger gegen einen Tennisball.
Zwei junge Frauen mit Brille, eine fhnt sich ihre Haare.
Ein Mann klettert auf einen Felsen, whrend andere warten bis sie an der Reihe sind.
Ein Bootsfhrer arbeitet an einem noch nicht fertiggestellten Boot.
Ein Mann benutzt ein Werkzeug auf langen Holzstcken.
Der Tennisspieler schlgt den Tennisball auf die Grenzlinie.
Ein Bergsteiger mit einem blauen Hut, klettert an einer eisigen Felsklippe.
Die Person springt auf Skiern durch die Luft.
Zwei Musiker, eine Frau in schwarz spielt Klavier und ein Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug spielt die Querflte.
Leute stehen und laufen ber einen Flohmarkt.
Eine asiatische Frau steht an einem Marktstand der Bananen verkauft.
Ein Mann macht drauen einen Trick auf seinem Fahrrad.
Ein Kind in einem roten und grauen Mantel vor einem Holzschuppen.
Ein braun und schwarzer Hund luft ber das grne Gras.
Ein kleiner Junge springt von einer Backsteinmauer runter auf einen Tisch.
Ein Mann legt seine Fe auf den Schreibtisch.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd baut ein Boot aus Holz in einem engen Arbeitsraum.
Ein Mann klettern an den Eiszapfen auf einer Felswand hoch.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Pullover versucht etwas in einer Kche zu schneiden.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Veranda und verkauft rote Ware.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Brgersteig mit anderen neben und hinter ihr.
Ein Mann mit einem Sturzhelm geht Motorschlitten fahren.
Zwei Hunde laufen an einem Wintertag zu einem Teich .
Ein brauner Hund steht in Wasser.
Zwei Cowboys haben mit einem Lasso einen Stier in einem Innenpferch gefangen.
Ein Cowboy auf einem Pferd, fngt mit einem Lasso ein Stier.
Zwei kleine Mdchen sind auf einem Trampolin und ein Spielhaus steht hinter ihnen.
Drei Hunde spielen in der Uferzone neben einem felsigen Ufer.
Junge Leute, Mdchen sowie Jungen, springen hoch in die Luft auf der Strae, die sie entlang gehen.
Zwei Menschen gehen ber einen Weg aus Trittsteinen entlang.
Eine Person mit einem blauen und schwarzen Anzug, surft.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen auf einem Motorrad.
Ein Mechaniker hngt ber einem Breitbild-Fernseher unter der Decke in einer Kathedrale oder einem Museum
Ein Mann steht vor einer Theke und schaut sich Fertiggerichte an.
Ein Rennwagen auf einer Rennstrecke wirft hinten Flamen raus.
Mehrere freche Kinder spielen mit Spielzeugpistolen in einem ffentlichen Bereich.
Eine schwarze Deutsche Dogge luft in Richtung der Kamera in einem Hinterhof.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen an der Kste und schauen auf die Landschaft.
Eine Gruppe Leuten hebt etwas, das in Flammen steht, auf.
Ein Hund liegt auf dem Rcken in einer Strae.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt ein Skateboard auf einem Metallgelnder vor einem Betongebude.
Eine kleine Gruppe Leute sitzt drauen zusammen.
Eine Gruppe Leute mit einem Feuerwehrauto im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau schminkt das Gesicht eines Mannes auf dem Set.
Zwei Damen sitzen in einem Restaurant, sie reden und lachen.
Eine jdische Familie trifft sich.
Ein Mdchen mit einem weien Hemd und schwarzen Grtel tanzt wild mit zwei Freundinnen.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern geht zu Fu eine Strae entlang die mit gelben Seilen unterteilt ist.
Vier Koreanische Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank und einer von ihnen telefoniert auf seinem Handy.
Ein Hund luft auf einem Feld.
Ein Bauarbeiter installiert ein Fenster in einem Gebude mit einer trkisfarbenen Tr.
Ein Mann steht und diskutiert mit seinen Kollegen
Ein Mann sitzt alleine in einer Fabrikstube und liet eine Zeitung.
Drei Mnner, die rote Schutzwesten tragen, stehen bereit.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut sowie einem Werkzeug in der Hand, steht neben einem Pferd, das vor einen Schlitten mit Heu in einer hgeligen Gegend gespannt ist.
Ein Mann springt von einer mit Graffiti bedeckten Mauer hinunter.
Eine Gruppe von sechs Personen sitzt um einen silbernen Konferenztisch mit Notebooks und Stiften.
Diese Person sitzt auf einer blaugrnen Bank und liet eine Zeitung.
Ein zotteliger Hund luft einen Feldweg in einem grnen Wald herunter.
Ein Mann hlt eine Gitarre und spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Ein wei gekleideter Knstler greift nach dem Publikum.
Ein Mann in Wei gekleidet, spielt eine Gitarre.
Ein groes Kreuzfahrtschiff fhrt an einem Strand vorbei, wo Leute, die die Sonne genieen unter gelben Sonnenschirmen liegen.
Ein grauer Hund, der in einer blauen Trainingsjacke gekleidet ist, sitzt ruhig.
Ein Hund versucht einen Mann, der ihn trainiert zu beien.
Eine Frau die Softball spielt, hat einen Ball gefangen und fllt hin.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem blauen Halsband, sitzt auf einem beigen Teppich.
Ein Hund der im Gras steht, fngt einen farbigen Ball.
Drei Hunde, mit verschieden farbigen Trikots, rennen auf einer Grasbahn.
Ein Mann schlft in einem Stuhl vor einem vollen Bcherregal.
Ein Mdchen spielt eine rote Querflte, whrend ein anderes Mdchen eine rosa Gitarre hlt.
Zwei BMX-Fahrer machen ein rennen auf einer Strecke.
Zwei Frauen mit dunklem Haar stehen drauen vor einem Bus zusammen.
Ein Kind in einer roten Jacke hlt zwei Finger hoch.
Ein weier Hund strzt auf einen braunen Hund in einem abgezunten Hinterhof.
Zwei brtige Mnner stehen hinter einem Gehuse das mit Zigarren gefllt ist.
Ein groer LKW ist in der Nhe einer Garage auf der Duftstoffe draufsteht, geparkt.
Zwei Eishockeyspieler versuchen den Puck zu bekommen.
Zwei Pferde sind an einem Wagen mit einem Hund und Mensch im Inneren gespannt und eine Frau steht daneben.
Zwei Frauen fahren ein Motorrad, beide tragen Helme.
Zwei Menschen in roten und weien Uniformen auf zusammenpassenden gestreiften Motorrder, halten neben einer hohen Mauer mit Betonstufen auf einem Platz an.
Drei Mnner, die gelbe und braune Hemden tragen, klettern auf einander.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen T-Shirt springt ber etwas mit seinem orangefarbenen Fahrrad.
Mehrere Leute warten in einer Schlange um Essen zu bestellen.
Eine Familie geniet ein Essen, whrend ihre vier Hunde um den Tisch herum auf dem Boden schlafen.
Zwei afrikanische Frauen bereiten ein Mahl zu.
Ein brauner Hund der ein rosa T-Shirt trgt, wird von einem braunen Hund der ein gelbes Hemd trgt, verfolgt.
Ein Hund mit weiem Fell luft durch Bltter.
Vier Mnner tanzen auf einer Bhne zusammen.
Ein Kind, das ein goldfarbenes Kaninchen trgt, starrt auf einen P-frmigen Keks.
Ein Basketballspieler springt und ist kurz davor, vor einer Menschenmenge, den Ball in den Korb zu werfen.
Ein Kind in lila Hose luft.
Ein brauner Hund springt in die Luft.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft in die Richtung der Kamera.
Eine junge Frau in einem grauen Hemd fegt ihren Treingang mit einem Besen.
Kche vom Mittleren-Osten, in weien Uniformen, bereiten Essen vor.
Eine alte Person sitzt in einem Plschsessel mit einem riesigen weien Hund der auf ihr liegt.
Ein kleiner Hund luft mit einem braunen Ball im Mund rum.
Das Kind trgt einen Korb mit farbigen Eier und bckt sich mit einem Ei in der Hand.
Whrend eines Baseballspiels wird ein Dodgers Spieler fr sicher erklrt.
Essen wird an einen Tisch, an dem eine Frau in einem blauen Blazer sitzt, serviert.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen im Schnee.
Eine Person die ein Skateboard fhrt, springt hoch ber Betonstufen.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Eine Frau mit blauem Outfit, Stiefeln und Rucksack, steht hinter einem schlammigen Toyota Lastwagen in der Nhe von Bschen.
Radfahrer stehen in einer Reihe und jeder trgt eine andere Farbe von Anzgen.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber eine rote Rampe in einem Agility-Park.
Zwei Mnner, mit gesenkten Kpfen, unterzeichnen ein Papier.
Ein Autorennfahrer steht auf und stt seine Hand in die Luft.
Ein Gitarrist zupft auf der Bhne im Scheinwerferlicht an den Saiten.
Eine asiatische Frau schaut sich eine schwarze Jacke an.
Ein lterer Mann kauft Lebensmitteln auf einem asiatischen Markt.
Ein lteres Kind reitet und schwingt auf einem roter Gummiball der an einem blauen Seil befestigt ist.
Ein Wanderer mit einem Rucksack watet in einem Fluss.
Ein junges Paar sitzt auf einem Sofa und lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein kleiner Junge geniet den Tag im Park
Zwei Hunde, einer liegt, spielen in einem Hof.
Ein Mann spielt Geige, whrend er seine Noten liest.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer blauen Bank vor einer gepflasterten Wand zwischen zwei Bumen.
Ein Kind rutscht eine grne Rutsche herunter.
Ein Mann mit Brille und Bart in einem Anzug ist von Fotografen umgeben.
Zwei Jungs gucken sich eine Seerobbe in einem Aquarium an.
Eine asiatische Frau in einem rot gefleckten Hemd trgt zwei Wassermelonen einen Brgersteig hinunter.
Zwei Menschen fechten. 
Eine Person fhrt Ski, Schnee wirbelt hinter ihr herum.
Ein Mann auf einem felsigen Gipfel.
Vier Musiker sitzen in einem Halbkreis auf der Bhne und spielen ihre Saiteninstrumente.
Fnf Mnner in blauen und schwarzen Uniformen posieren fr ein Bild.
Ein schwarz-blaues Insekt fliegt ber eine weie Blume.
Ein lterer Herr und eine ltere Dame unterhalten sich mit zwei jngeren Damen in Uniform auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Ein alter Mann mit einem Hut, schneidet drauen Holz mit einer Sge.
Ein Hund springt ber den Zaun.
Eine Person mit einem hellbraunen Hund, sitzt mit dem Rcken gegen eine weie Wand.
Ein Mann in Wei spielt drauen ein Instrument.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einem kleinen Eisstand mit der Aufschrift Sorvete e Gelados auf der Seite.
Ein Essensverkufer bedient glcklich seine hungrigen Kunden.
Ein Mann lehnt sich in einer Seifenkiste, mitten in einem Sprung, zur Seite.
Ein junges asiatisches Mdchen sitzen auf dem Boden zwischen Trmmern.
Eine ltere Frau liest ein Papier in einem Bro.
Ein Mann macht ein Kussmund in die Kamera, whrend ein anderer Mann zuschaut.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosa Schneeanzug springt in schmutziges Hochwasser neben einem Picknicktisch.
Sieben Fuball-Spieler auf einem grnen Feld in roten Trikots.
Eine Frau schneidet die Rasterlocken von einem jungen Mann mit schwarzen Haaren ab.
Ein Mann schlft auf dem Rasen unter einer grnen Decke.
Zwei Personen fahren auf einem Skilift mit Bergen hinter ihnen.
Leute gehen zu Fu auf der Strae in der Nhe von einer riesigen Stierstatue, entlang.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht auf einer Bhne und hlt farbige Eimer.
Eine ltere Frau putzt das Fenster einer Tr.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einer Klippe mit Blick auf einen Sandstrand.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf der Spitze einer Klippe mit Blick auf einen Sandstrand.
Der Hund luft mit einem gelben Ball im Mund rum.
Ein Skateboardfahrer in Jeans und T-Shirt macht einen Sprung.
Zwei Mnner sind drinnen und Kochen ber einem Feuer.
Eine Gruppe junger Erwachsener mit Eimern sind klatschnass auf der Strae.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem roten Kleid und Umhang hlt einen groen Tennisschlger.
Ein Mann guckt durch ein Fernglas.
Eine Person in Grau fhrt ein Snowboard den Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann malt neben einem Gebude.
Ein Junge in einem orange Hemd und blauen Jeans springt auf die Rutsche whrend andere ihn beobachtet.
Drei Leute sitzen auf einer Bank unter Palmen.
Ein Kind lchelt glcklich whrend es sich an einer Metallstange festhlt.
Jungen auf einer Party malen auf den Rcken ihrer Freunde mit einem schwarzen Marker.
Menschen essen an einem langen Tisch voller Essen und Trinken.
Sechs afrikanische Kinder sitzen an zwei Tischen.
Das Mdchen hat eine rosa Hose und eine gepunktete Jacke an.
Menschen gehen an einem sonnigen Tag den Strand entlang.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Hemd hmmert auf den Boden.
Ein lterer Mann steh am Rande eines Bahnsteigs.
Ein Mdchen mit einem rosa Rock luft mit Ihrer Schwester auf ihren Armen.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einem Sessellift.
Eine Gruppe Leute halten eine Wache bei Kerzenlicht, um an die Rettung von Bumen zu erinnern.
Eine schwangere Demonstrantin hlt ein Pro-Amerika Zeichen in die Luft.
Ein Mann in Jeans & amp und einem Cowboyhut hlt ein Zeichen in die Luft.
Ein Mann mht auf einem Geschftsgrundstck Rasen.
Windhunde mit Maulkrben sind in einem Rennen in der Nacht auf einer Hunderennbahn.
Ein Mann der einen Rucksack und Helm trgt, fhrt Fahrrad.
Ein dunkler Hund nimmt an einem Wettbewerb bei einer Hundeausstellung teil.
Fahrradfahrer mit der Nummer 661 fllt auf einem Feldweg hin.
Ein Junge hilft einem kleinen Mdchen auf einer Schaukel zu schwingen, indem er sie schubst.
Ein junges Mdchen mit einem grnen T-Shirt und blonden Haaren.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft ber eine schneebedeckte Flche, whrend er etwas Grnes in seinem Maul hlt.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Snowboard den Berg hinunter.
Ein Mann macht einen Fahrradtrick auf einem Feldweg.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen glcklich auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Zwei Personen, die in langen Gewndern gekleidet sind , werden in einem kleinen Ruderboot im Wasser gezeigt.
Der Mann fhrt mit seinem Skateboard ber einen Baumstamm im Schnee.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper fhrt Skateboard auf der Strae.
Junge Erwachsene sitzen auf einer Treppe und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Motorrad, whrend er eine schwarze Uniform trgt.
Ein Mann schneidet etwas ber einem Waschbecken.
Mehrere Menschen besuchen einen Jahrmarkt auf dem Land mit verschiedenen Attraktionen, darunter auch einer Maschine, die wahrsagt, namens Grandmas prediction.
Ein Kerl in blauer Badehose spielt toter Mann unter Wasser. 
Ein Bauarbeiter legt eine Pause ein und lehnt sich dabei gegen einen gelben Balken.
Ein junger Mann in einer braunen Jacke schiebt einen Essenswagen.
Ein kleines Kind in rot wirft eine Frisbee.
Zwei dnne weie Hunde mit zwei stehenden Mnnern in Baseballkappen.
Ein groer, weier Vogel gleitet mit den Fen ber die Oberflche von einem Gewssser.
Eine Person in einer roten Jacke fhrt ein Mountainbike.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit Halsband luft ber den Strand.
Ein kleines Kind in einem grnen T-Shirt ist auf einem Karussell.
Leute gehen zu Fu an einem hellen Karussell vorbei; einige Leute sitzen.
Ein junges Mdchen, das ein Stoffschwein hlt, lchelt.
Zwei Mdchen spielen auf einer Reihe von parallelen Stangen.
Eine Frau in Schwarz und Wei sitzt auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein Chor in roten Uniformen singt vor einem Geschft.
Ein Mann und ein Hund spielen mit einem gelben Ball.
Ein Mann mit einem grauen Hut malt eine Szene von Leuten in einem Park.
Ein Hund luft vor einer Frau am Ufer des Meeres weg.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber eine Stange auf einer Wiese.
Ein Hund springt ber ein rot und weies Tor.
Eine Frau winkt einer Menschenmenge zu, whrend sie auf einer Achterbahn fhrt
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf dem Boden und zieht seine Turnschuhe an.
Eine Person fhrt ein Quadbike ber einen Sprung.
Ein Kind, das barfu ist, klettert auf dem Klettergerst.
Ein Kind schlft auf dem Beton auf irgendeiner Art von Decke, von Mnteln bedeckt.
Ein Skateboardfahrer ist Mitten in der Luft, whrend er einen Sprung macht.
Ein braun und weier Hund trabt durch Schmutz, mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Eine Motocross-Fahrer, der in grn und mit einem Helm gekleidet ist, fhrt im Schmutz ein Rennen.
Eine Frau, die ein Mikrofon hlt, spricht mit einem Mann in einem weien Hemd.
Ein Bearded Collie springt ber Hindernisse bei einem Agility Testparcours.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hut trgt ein kleines Mdchen auf den Schultern.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt in einem grnen Tunnel.
Ein junges Mdchen lsst einen Drachen in einem Feld neben einer Menge von Gebuden steigen.
Ein Mann auf Ski fhrt einen schneebedeckten Hang hinunter.
Ein junges Mdchen lsst einen Drachen in einem Feld neben einer Menge von Gebuden fliegen.
Ein Mann spielt Bowling auf einer schwach beleuchteten Bowlingbahn.
Ein junges Mdchen in Schuluniform tanzt in einer Wasserskulptur in der Mitte eines belebten ffentlichen Platzes.
Ein kleiner Junge fllt in ein Gewsser.
Ein junger Mann sitzt auf einem Felsen und beobachtet das Meer.
Ein barfiges Kind macht einen Trick auf seinem Skateboard.
Ein asiatisches Baby, das einen Pullover trgt, sitzt auf einem Hochstuhl und spielt mit einem SpongeBob Spielzeug. 
Eine Reihe von Zuschauern bei einem Rennen.
Ein paar Leute fahren Quadbikes auf einem Feldweg.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten zusammen an einem Bauprojekt.
Ein Mann trgt im Regen ein Baby auf seiner Schulter in einer groen asiatischen Stadt.
Eine Stadt voll Einkufer aus dem Dorf und Schaulustige genieen den schnen Tag.
Eine Frau in einem burgunderroten Mantel verlsst Trader Joes, mit einem Wagen voller Lebensmittel.
Der Motocrossfahrer trgt eine blaue und schwarze Hose.
Ein Junge kniet unter einer Statue eines Bren, die ein Bild von einem Mann auf dem Rcken hat.
Drei ltere Leute stehen vor einem Schild von avrovulcan.com.
Eine Schwimmmerin in einem Pool, wird von ihrer Teamkollegin beim Vorbeischwimmen nass gespritzt.
Ein Mann klettert ohne Kletterausrstung.
Drei Kinder spielen auf einer Schaukel im Garten.
Ein Mdchen treibt im Meer an einem schnen Tag.
Ein Bergsteiger klettert unter einem berhang hoch ber dem Boden.
Ein Radfahrer springt von einer Rampe, die mit Graffiti bemalt ist, ab.
Eine Frau hrt beim Joggen mit ihrem iPod Musik.
Ein Junge in blauer Kleidung fhrt ein Fahrrad.
Ein Junge hat einen Rckwrtssalto in ein Schwimmbecken gemacht, whrend ein anderer Junge zugeguckt hat.
Ein Weitwinkelbild von einem Strand mit Menschen und Tieren.
Zwei Mdchen, die Verkleiden spielen, posieren fr die Kamera.
Ein junger Mann in einem Park bereitet sich darauf vor eine Frisbee zu fangen.
Ein schwarz und weier Hund spielt in einem Teich oder Bach.
Eine Frau schaut einem Mdchen, das in einem Stadtbrunnen spielt, zu.
Es wird ein junger Mann mitten in einem komplizierten Tanz gezeigt und seine Freunde jubeln ihm zu.
Eine Gruppe Leute posiert in einem Konzertbereich.
Ein Mann mit Brille und in einem grauen Hemd steht auf einer belebten Strae.
Ein Radfahrer mit einem gelben Helm fhrt im Herbst durch den Wald.
Drei Hunde laufen auf einem grasbewachsenen Hof rum.
Drei Freunde sind mitten in der Luft nach einem Sprung am Strand.
Ein Mdchen mit einem weien Rucksack steht und kleinere Kinder sitzen in einer Reihe auf dem Boden.
Ein kleiner Junge ghnt whrend eine Frau mit ihm spricht.
Eine Menschenmenge versammelt sich auf einem Stadtplatz.
Mehrere mehrfarbige Hunde laufen durch das Gras.
Ein Mann mit einem Klettergurt ist kurz davor durch eine Hhle zu klettern.
Eine Frau hlt ein in Blau gekleidetes Kind.
Ein Junge guckt durch eine Klappe von einem roten und weien Zelt.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Tisch auf dem Geflgel steht.
Mnner in Militrhosen rennen ber einen Parkplatz.
Eine rothaariges Mdchen springt neben einem Schwan.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Weste und einem weien Oberhemd, sitzt neben einer Frau in einem gestreiften Sweatshirt.
Ein Hund luft bei einem Wettkampf.
Ein junges blondes Mdchen lsst ihre Haare von jemandem in einer gelben Bluse mit einem weien Kamm, schneiden.
Ein Mann springt ber einen braunen Stuhl beim Skateboarding.
Rennwagen mit der Aufschrift TEAM PENSKE auf der Bahn, Banner und Zuschauer im Hintergrund.
Die Leute haben Farbe auf sich.
Eine Frau in einem orangefarbenen Hemd guckt hoch zu einem Mann, der auf einem Balkon steht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen in einem Restaurant oder einer Kneipe.
Ein hockend weier Mann in einem gelben Hemd schaut von der Spitze einer Holzkonstruktion herab.
Ein Lehrer hilft einem Studenten an einem PC-Arbeitsplatz.
Ein Mann in Shorts fhrt einen groen braunen Hund spazieren und eine Frau schiebt einen Kinderwagen direkt hinter ihm.
Zwei Kinder in einem Flo auf einer Wasserrutsche.
Ein Kind in lila Kleidung spielt mit einem Spielzeug in einem Hof mit anderem Spielzeug und einem Zaun.
Eine Frau geht mit einem Kinderwagen auf einem hbschen Weg spazieren.
Hier werden zwei Mnner, die Streifen tragen und unter einem grnen Schirm sitzen, gezeigt.
Es wird von einer Frau ein Foto gemacht, whrend sie neben einem knstlerischen Denkmal steht.
Ein brauner Hund luft auf dem Strand am Meer.
Diese Person reinigt das Gebude mit einem grnen Eimer.
Einem Mann lsst seine Zhnen vom einem Zahnarzt untersuchen.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Felsen am Rande eines Gewssers.
Ein Hund mit Maulkorb in einem Rennen, dem vier andere Hunde folgen.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf dem Fuboden im einem grnen Raum.
Eine Menschenmenge beobachtet eine Gruppe von Feuertnzern.
Ein Mann springt aus einem Hubschrauber ins Meer.
Eine Gruppe von Jungen sitzt in der Nhe eines Brgersteigs: zwei lcheln whrend ein anderer eine Grimasse zieht.
Ein brauner Hund galoppiert durch das Gras.
Kinder gucken durch Magazine, die sie zu Rhrchen gefaltet haben.
Die Rugby-Spieler spielen auf einem Feld.
Eine neue Braut in Wei gekleidet, wirft einen Blumenstrau auf die wartenden Frauen hinter ihr.
Ein Rennwagen mit einer Staubwolke hinter sich.
Zwei Erwachsene stehen in einem Bus und schauen durch die Frontscheibe.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke steht in einem Bus.
Eine Gruppe von Knstlern singt und unterhlt das Publikum.
Zwei Mnner mit hellbraunen Hten arbeiten in einem Garten.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jeans und einem weien Hemd, zieht ein Seil aus dem Wasser.
Eine blonde Frau am Strand springt herum und geniet ihre Jugend und Freiheit.
Eine Menge von Leuten schaut in die gleiche Richtung, whrend einige ihre Hnde in die Luft halten.
Ein Junge macht einen Trick auf seinem Skateboard in einem Skatepark.
Dies ist ein kleines Mdchen, das vor einem Gleitbrett steht und Seifenblasen blst.
Ein Junge der Kopfhrer trgt, posiert in einer Kcheausstellung.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd, zwei Frauen und ein anderen Mann, stehen auf einer Art von Markt.
Ein Mann sticht einen Stier in einem Stierkampf.
Ein Mann macht einen Trick in der Luft auf seinem Fahrrad.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Strickmtze riecht an Blumen.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd sitzt auf Spielplatzgerten.
Menschen halten auf der Brcke an um die Landschaft zu genieen.
Ein Mann steht auf der Beifahrerseite eines schwarzen Autos.
Zwei Hunde rennen ber ein Feld an einem sonnigen Tag.
Das Mdchen, das in rosa und wei gekleidet ist, und eine Strickmtze trgt, greift nach einem blhenden Baum.
Menschen sitzen um einen Tisch belegt mit Essen.
Ein Pitcher auf einem Hgel wirft einen Baseball.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt in der Nhe von einem Heuballen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem grauen Hemd lchelt, als sie sich die Zhne mit einer gelben und orangefarbenen Zahnbrste putzt.
Ein schwarz und weier Hund rennt unter einer gelben Abdeckung heraus, mit einer Person auf den Fersen.
Eine Gruppe Leute in blauer Kleidung entspannt sich auf gelben Maschinen.
Ein Mann steht neben einem gelben Fahrzeug.
Diese Familie braucht eine Pause nach ihrem langen Spaziergang, deswegen halten sie im Park an um die Tauben zu fttern.
Eine Frau und mehrere Mnner tragen Gesichtsmasken in einer U-Bahn.
Zwei Mnner ringen auf einer blauen Matte.
Ein Mdchen in grn springt auf Beton.
Drei Baseball-Spieler in Bewegung; einer gleitet auf ein Base, ein weiterer luft im Hintergrund.
Hier fahren Jungen in einer Einfahrt Skateboard.
Ein Kleinkind in einem weien und gelben Outfit greift nach einer gelben japanischen Laterne aus Papier auf einem Holzzaun.
Ein Hund luft auf einem Strand.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das ein gelbes Kleid trg, schaukelt in einem kleinen weien Stuhl.
Eine Kirchenversammlung hrt einem Chor zu.
Eine Person in gelb fhrt auf einem Gelndemotorrad einen Feldweg entlang.
Ein brauner Hund trgt einen langen Stock auf dem grnen Rasen.
Das Mdchen mit einem blauen Hemd rennt durch ein wissenschaftliches Zentrum.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Bank und liet ein Buch.
Sieben Mdchen posieren fr ein Gruppenbild; drei Mdchen tragen Krawatten und fnf Mdchen tragen Kleider.
Arbeiter bei Baskin Robbins sind sehr beschftigt.
Ein paar Typen in schwarz spielen Paintball.
Der Hockey-Spieler nimmt einen Digger in einem Spiel.
Eine Frau, die eine orange Tasche trgt, geht mit ihrem weien Hund die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann und eine Frau joggen auf dem Brgersteig.
Eine asiatische Frau hlt ihre Hnde hoch und das Mdchen neben ihr beobachtet sie.
Zwei Mnner, die passende schwarze Anzge und lilane Hemden tragen, sitzen hinter einem glnzenden schwarzen Schalter.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht rund um DJ-Equipment mit einem Plattenspieler und einem Soundsystem.
Eine Frau in einem hellen Kleid singt vor einem Publikum.
Ein Tennisspieler in einem weien Hemd schlgt den Ball
Der Mann in Shorts macht einen Aufschlag beim Tennis.
Eine Frau, die ein weies T-Shirt und schwarze Hose trgt, ist kurz davor einen Volleyball zu schlagen.
Eine Frau trgt einen Volleyball.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und einer Baseballmtze springt zu einem gelb-gestreiften Volleyball.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Mountainbike im Freien.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd und Krawatte, schaut verdutzt, als er durch eine Menschenmenge geht.
Ein schwarzer und brauner Hund beugt eine Fliege.
Ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten sich auf einem Freiluft-Flohmarkt, auf dem Kunst ausgestellt ist.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Stirnband, trgt ein rosa Schild auf der Strae
Ein Mann der eine ungewhnlichen Frisur und ein T-Shirt trgt, trgt zwei Teller mit Essen.
Ein Mann in einem grnen T-Shirt und weier Hose spielt Volleyball.
Viele Menschen sind versammelt, und die Gruppe im Vordergrund unterhlt sich mit Getrnken in den Hnden, und den Khlboxen in der Nhe.
Ein Snowboarder macht einen Trick auf einer Halfpipe.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad durch etwas Gras in einem Waldgebiet.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem blauen Helm Mountainbike.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Outfit jagt mit seinem Fahrrad durch die Wildnis.
Eine Gruppe Leute stehen und wartet darauf etwas zu sehen.
Ein Mann macht ein Bild von zwei weiteren Mnnern in einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau in einem grauen T-Shirt reckt sich in einem Auenparkplatz.
Arbeiter in Westen und Schutzhelmen arbeiten auf der Strae in einer geschftigen Stadt.
Drei Mnner stehen in einer Glasflche.
Ein Kind, das in einem blauen Hemd und Mtze gekleidet ist, trgt einen Fuball.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem Hut, klettert eine Kinderkletterwand hoch.
Ein Mann mit Brille hlt seine Fe in den Hnden.
Ein Mann malt eine Stadtszene.
Ein Mdchen, das eine Mtze die aussieht wie ein Schaf und eine Sonnenbrille trgt, steht auf dem Gras mit einem Rollkoffer.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Hemd und Schultertasche steht neben zwei Khlern.
Ein Mann und Frau sind in der Kche und ein Paket Challenge-Butter steht im Vordergrund.
Leute in hausgemachter Kleidung sitzen an Schreibtischen.
Drei kleine Kinder und eine Frau paddeln auf einem Fluss umgeben von einer dichten Pflanzenwelt.
Ein Band tritt auf der Bhne auf.
Fuballspieler sind alle auf dem Feld fr ein Spiel versammelt.
Der groe schwarze Hund ist hinter dem kleinen schwarzen Hund.
Ein Junge, der ein rotes Hemd auf einem Skateboard trgt, springt eine Treppe hinauf.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt einen Trick auf einem hohen Baum vor.
Eine Gruppe Kinder spielt auf einer Reifen-Schaukel.
Eine Gruppe Leute ruht sich auf einem Gelnder in einem Einkaufszentrum aus.
Ein Anbieter, der einen groen, breitkrempigen, hellbraunen Hut trgt, sitzt auf einem Hocker neben seiner Ware.
Mehrere Leute sitzen entspannt im Schnee.
Ein Skateboarder schnappt nach Luft in einem Skatepark.
Das kleine Mdchen, das rosa trgt, hat Spa beim Bungee-Jumping.
Der schwarze und braune Hund rollt im Gras.
Ein chinesischer Restaurantmitarbeiter gibt einen Kochkurs.
Eine junge Frau liest eine Ausgabe vom People-Magazin.
Eine Frau springt mit ausgestreckten Armen und Beinen in der Nhe einer Wohnung in die Luft.
Zwei Mnner machen Fliegenfischen in einem niedrigen trben Teich.
Zwei Jungen ringen, whrend ein erwachsener Mann zuschaut.
Zwei Mdchen tanzen und eine hlt ein Papier in der Hand.
Frau in Schwarz arbeitet in einem Fischmarkt.
Das Hochzeitsfoto zeigt die Hochzeitsgesellschaft, in lila und wei, drauen versammelt.
Zwei Hunde rennen auf einer Bahn.
Der Junge trgt eine blaue Sonnenbrille und springt neben einem gelben Gelnder.
Ein Mann jagt einen gegnerischen Spieler in einem Rugby-Spiel.
Eine Tnzerin auf einer Bhne fhrt eine Bewegung auf, wo ihre Kolleginnen so hinter ihr stehen, dass es aussieht als htte sie mehrere Arme.
Eine Frau spielt ein Musikspiel in einer Arkade.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille auf dem Kopf steht vor einer Kunstausstellung.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt an seinem Schreibtisch, der vor einem Geschft steht, und liest Karten.
Zwei Kinder spielen in einem Feld roter Blumen.
Drei gut gekleidete Kinder sitzen auf einer Bank und lcheln.
Ein Mann zieht zwei Kinder auf einem Schlitten eine schneebedeckten Strae entlang.
Ein Rodeoreiter reitet ein buckelndes Pferd in einer Arena.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosa Outfit sieht durch Gepck in einer Zeltstadt.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Wasserfahrzeug unter teilweise bewlktem Himmel.
Eine ltere Frau geht mit Hilfe eines Gehstocks an einer Mauer vorbei.
Eine Gruppe Flchtlinge sitzt neben ihren Zelten.
Zwei Soldaten gehen in ein Zelt und werden von Mnnern und Frauen beobachtetet.
Ein schwarzer Pitbull luft durch den Dreck.
Ein Mann geht auf einer gewundenen Strae mit einem Regenbogen am Himmel.
Zwei Motorradfahrer fahren ein Rennen auf einer Strecke.
Ein Clown mit bunter Hose sitzt auf einer Bank eines alten Gebudes.
Eine Surfer erwischt eine gute, groe Welle.
Ein Mann, der in einem Neoprenanzug, mit Schnorchel und Helm, steht in der Nhe von Wasser in einer Stadt.
Ein Mann guckt zur linken Seite, whrend er die Strae herunter geht.
Ein Junge fhrt einen Motorroller auf einem zementierten Weg.
Eine Gruppe Kinder hlt ein Seil.
Zwei Mnner springen von einem Picknicktisch, mit einer Felswand und einem Wald im Hintergrund.
Ein junges Mdchen pustet eine Lwenzahnblte.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blauen Hemd, geht allein durch einen gelben Parkplatz.
Leute halten Kartonrahmen vor ihre Gesichter.
Vier Mdchen tanzen in passenden Outfits auf einem Straenfest.
Zwei Hunde laufen ber kargen Boden.
Eine Person mit einem weien Helm steht neben einer Leiter.
Manche Leute, die Bcher und Trommeln in der Hand halten, sind in klassischer europischer Kleidung gekleidet.
Ein Asiat mit einem schwarzen Hut, hlt ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen in seinen Armen.
Ein Hund liegt auf dem Rcken mit einem Lieblingstennisball im Maul.
Spieler in roten Trikots sitzen bei einem Eishockeyspiel auf der Bank.
Eine Frau springt whrend eines Rennens ber eine Hrde.
Ein nacktes Kind kriecht auf dem Strand vor einem Pferd und einem Mann ber den Boden.
Zwei kleine Kinder, die langrmelige Oberteile tragen, stehen im Gras.
Ein kleiner Hund mit einem Spielzeug im Maul, springt ber einer Stange.
Zwei Mnner whrend eines Fuballspiels
Ein junges Mdchen spielt in einem Springbrunnen.
Ein Mdchen, das Softball spielt, schlgt den Ball.
Der erste Baseman springt um einen Ball zu fangen, whrend der Lufer den First Base in einem Softballspiel berhrt.
Drei Leute spielen auf einem Feld in einem Park Baseball.
Eine Frau und zwei junge Mnner, stehen nahe beieinander.
Ein Mdchen schreitet vom Hgel nachdem Sie den ersten Pitch bei einem Baseball-Spiel rausgeworfen hat.
Eine Frau, die mit Essstbchen isst, sitzt vor frisch geschlachteten rohen Fleisch.
Ein Mann schaut aus dem Fond seines Autos heraus auf einen gelben Kastenwagen hinter ihm.
Ein Hund ist im Hinterhof eines Hauses angeleint.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen im Gras.
Ein Rugby-Spieler in Schwarz, mit dem Ball in der Hand, schiebt sich seinen Weg vorbei an einem Spieler in Rot.
Drei Mnner mit karierten Hemden schneiden Holz.
Eine Person, die in einem Restaurant arbeitet und ein oranges Hemd trgt, schmiert Ketchup und Senf auf ein Toastbrot.
Ein Snowboarder macht einen einhndigen Handstand.
Drei Kinder sitzen am Oberen Ende einer Treppe.
Ein blaues Subaru Rallyeauto fhrt um eine Ecke mit Zuschauern.
Ein hellbrauner Hund und ein schwarzer Hund kmpfen in einem umzunten Hof.
Ein Mann und ein Junge spielen im Sand.
Ein Mann, der einen Ledermantel trgt, blickt in das Restaurant und beobachtet zwei Mdchen.
Ein brauner Hund im Gras neben einem Teich.
Zwei erwachsene Paare, wetten an einem Casino-Tisch.
Eine Frau in grnen Inline-Skates fhrt durch ein Straenfest.
Ein Kleinkind guckt hinter einem groen, braunen Paket hervor.
Leute beobachten wie ein Rennwagen durch Schmutz jagt.
Ein dunkelbrauner Hund springt hinter einem kleinen Mdchen, in kurzen Hosen, her.
Eine ltere Frau mit Dekollet, schminkt sich verfhrerisch mit Mascara im Spiegel.
Ein einsamer Radfahrer springt auf seinem Fahrrad, vor einer mit Graffiti bemalten Mauer.
Der Kopf eines Delfins ragt aus dem Wasser hervor.
Eine junge Dame kauft etwas von einem Mann mit Rollkoffer.
Ein Mann, der ein gestreiftes Hemd und Handschuhe trgt, arbeitet an einer Schweimaschine.
Vier Menschen in einem Vegetationsfeld, der Hintergrund scheint Indien zu zeigen.
Ein Mann trinkt Orangensaft und geht nach drauen.
Ein Junge mit blonden Haaren und blauen Augen, spielt auf einem Seilpark auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein kleines Kind hlt ein gelbes und rotes Fuballspielzeug.
Eine Gruppe von Arbeitnehmern arbeiten in einem Feld und pflanzt Weizen fr das Jahr.
Eine Band, bestehend aus seiner Bassistin, einer Gitarristin, geschminkt als Mann, und einer durchschnittlich aussehenden Sngerin rockt auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann, der ein Baby hlt und lchelt, sitzt auf den Bnken einer Kirche.
Ein Pitcher mit der Nummer Acht bei der Pitcherbewegung.
Ein Schiedsrichter schaut sich genau an, wie ein linkshndiger Pitcher einen Pitch vom Hgel wirft.
Eine junge Frau mit einer rosafarbenen Maske ber ihrem Gesicht.
Ein Kind, das in gelb und schwarz gekleidet ist, tritt einen blauen und schwarzen Ball.
Einige afrikanische Kinder spielen mit einem Ball.
Zwei Rennwagen fahren ein Rennen auf einer Strecke und hinten kommt Rauch aus den Rennwgen.
Zwei Hunde am Strand laufen ins Wasser.
Vier Mnner spielen auf einer gepflasterten Flche.
Ein lterer Mann tritt ein Objekt.
Ein braun und weier Hund steht vor einem Schuppen und ist von dem Ansturm von Tennisbllen berwltigt.
Ein Mann steht auf einem kleinen Anhnger und arbeitet mit Landschaftspflegematerial.
Eine Figur eines orientalischen Mannes sitzt auf einer Mauer, vor einigen weien Wohnhusern.
Ein Mdchen mit schwarzer Farbe unter den Augen geht spazieren, whrend ein anderes Mdchen im Vordergrund des Foto ist.
Sie malt zum ben eine gelbe Blume auf weies Papier, weil sie Knstler werden will.
Er hat endlich einen Balken in seiner WiFi-Verbindung.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf runden grnen Sthlen auf einem hellen blauen Teppich.
Eine Frau stutzt in ihrem Vorgarten einen Zierstrauch.
Ein Mann hlt auf der Bhne eine Trophe.
Ein Mann isst drauen mit einer Gruppe Leute.
Drei Frauen und zwei Mnner in Badesachen liegen auf Liegesthlen, die mit Handtchern bedeckt sind und nehmen ein Sonnenbad.
Ein Mann benutzt eine Schleifmaschine an einem Schrankschloss.
Zwei kleinere Hunde jagen einen greren Hund um einen Teich.
Es wird von einem Jungen in einem gelben T-Shirt , mit Tauben um ihn herum, ein Bild gemacht.
Ein Zeitlupenfoto von zwei Kindern, die in einem Wasserbecken spielen.
Ein junges Mdchen, das eine Puppe hlt, lchelt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen knietief in rauen Wellen neben einem rot-orangen Boot.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem roten Rennmotorrad.
Ein Surfer verlsst das Wasser und fliegt in der Luft.
Ein Junge sitzt auf dem Boden und schaut nach oben auf eine Frau in einem grnen Stuhl.
Drei Menschen und ein Hund stehen an einem kalten Tag vor einem Fluss.
Zwei Frauen spielen Tennis.
Zwei Pflegefachkrfte kmmern sich um einen Patienten und betrachten seine oder ihre Karte.
Der junge Mann tritt einen Fuball auf staubigen Boden.
Drei Mnner in einem leuchtend orangen Boot, rasen in einem Bootrennen auf dem Wasser entlang, whrend Gicht um sie sprht.
Zwei Hunde spielen drauen zusammen Ball.
Zwei Menschen bewegen den Schlauch, whrend andere im Garten arbeiten.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht neben ein paar Bumen lang.
Ein Mann surft in einem Neoprenanzug auf einem Surfbrett.
Eine Gruppe Leute liegt im Schatten.
Eine Gruppe Mdchen, darunter eine in einem blauen Hemd mit dem Rcken zur Kamera, lacht.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Bein mit einem kleinen Mdchen vor einer Kathedrale.
Ein junger Mann reiht sich auf der Angriffslinie beim Footballtraining auf.
Ein Fuballtrainer und Fuballspieler ben.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Rasen und versucht einen Fisch zu halten.
Eine Frau in lila Leggings luft ber eine Strae.
Ein Mann steht traurig aussehend, mit einem Reiniger und einem Werkzeug neben sich.
Eine brauner Labradoodle holt einen Tennisball aus einem See
Ein Asiat navigiert ein Boot mit zwei Passagieren einen Fluss, der tief in einem Wald zu sein scheint, hinunter.
Ein Paar fhrt ein Tandem.
Der kleine Junge hat eine groartige Zeit im Wasserpark.
Zwei Mnner und ein Kind, arbeiten drauen an verschiedenen Gerten.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und hellbraunen Shorts, macht ein Kunststck auf einem Skateboard.
Ein kleiner Junge liest drauen ein Taschenbuch.
Ein Kind springt auf einer aufblasbaren Springburg. 
Der Surfer reitet auf einer Welle mit einem Berg im Hintergrund.
Ein Gebudekomplex ist im Hintergrund, mit umstehenden Leuten und einigen die Fahrrad fahren.
Eine Frau schreibt etwas, whrend sie bei Mnnern steht.
Viele asiatische Frauen in hellblauen Hemden, gehen drauen spazieren.
Mehrere Mnner stehen um einen Innenbasketballkorb.
Ein Mann mit rmellosem Hemd und Shorts steht in der Mitte einer Turnhalle.
Ein Mann springt in einer abgedunkelten Turnhalle.
Eine Gruppe Mnner steht mit einem Basketball in einer Turnhalle.
Die Frau posiert mit hohe Abstzen auf einer rostigen Leiter.
Ein in wei gekleideter Asiat, der einen Strohhut und Handschuhe trgt, zeigt auf Leute in einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei Straenmusikanten spielen in Asien Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit einem weien und roten Hut spielt Golf, und versucht, den Ball zu schlagen.
Eine Gruppe Leute posiert mit ihren Hunden.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht auf Gras in der Nhe eines Sees spazieren, und Hunde spielen um sie herum.
Zwei junge Frauen mit einem groen Stck Papier.
Viele Lufer laufen in einem Rennen auf einer Strae.
Eine Luferin mit gelbem Hemd und am Hemd angehefteter Nummer.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Hemd, schaut sich eine Jahrmarktsfahrt an.
Ein Mann geht an einem Laden mit lateinamerikanischen Produkten vorbei.
Eine groe Gruppe Leute, geht auf einem Brgersteig.
Hund schwimmt im Wasser mit einem Stock im Maul.
Ein Junge gleitet auf dem Treppengelnder mit seinem Skateboard herunter. 
Eine Gruppe Leute trgt Nummern auf der Strae.
Ein Rugby-Spiel wird gespielt und ein Schiedsrichter beobachtet es.
Ein Junge fhrt ein Fahrrad, whrend ein Mann es festhlt.
Zwei Ochsen, die durch einen See laufen, bedecken einen Mann hinter ihnen mit Schlamm.
Vier Personen spielen Musikinstrumente.
Eine Frau hilft einem Kind auf einem Autoskooter zu fahren.
Leute stehen mit Fahrrdern auf einen Platz in der Stadt.
Ein Mann geht auf einer Strae an einem Mann, der Gegenstnde aus einem Stand verkauft, vorbei.
Ein Surfer reitet auf einer Welle, die gerade auf den Sand am Strand bricht.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einem schrgen Baumstamm und posiert fr die Kamera.
Ein Fuballspieler attackiert den Spieler, den gerade den Fuball hat, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuguckt.
Ein berfllter Bus, mit Leuten die auch hinten am Ende des Busses hngen, fhrt auf der Strae.
Drei Leute gehen nicht in die Sonne.
Eine Gruppe Kinder, die auf dem Boden in einem Kunstmuseum sitzen, hren einer lteren Dame zu.
Ein schwarzer Hund spielt mit einem lila Spielzeug.
Eine Gruppe Leute fhrt Inline Skates auf einer abfallenden Strae.
Zwei Motorradfahrer fahren ein rennen auf einer runden Strecke.
Ein junges Mdchen spielt Peek-a-boo, indem sie die die Augen des Mannes zuhlt, auf dessen Schultern sie sitzt.
Sieben Leute springen ins Wasser.
Eine Frau, die ein T-Shirt und Shorts trgt, geht an einem roten Sedan vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Kappe, arbeitet an einem Bogen.
Eine Frau in einem weien Hemd und Jeans, trgt zwei Rechen whrend sie die Strae entlanggeht.
Ein Inline-Skater mit rotem Hemd, gleitet auf einem Gelnder.
Ein asiatisches Restaurant mit einem groen Fisch, der an der Wand angebracht ist.
Ein Mann sttzt sich auf ein Rennmotorrad.
Ein lterer Mann verwendet seinen Spazierstock, um in einem Loch im Boden zu stochern.
Zwei Frauen, die auf einer Parkbank sitzen, unterhalten sich.
Ein Kind in einem grauen Mantel, tritt einen Fuball.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber einen Maschendrahtzaun.
Eine Gruppe von etwa 11 Menschen aller Altersgruppen, mit Fernglssern im Wald.
Jungen und Mdchen, die marineblaue Hemden tragen, lcheln fr die Kamera.
Eine Frau beobachtet einen Hund der die Treppe hinunter springt.
Ein Kind in einem Mickey-Mouse-Hemd, hat die Arme in der Luft und scheint zu springen.
Ein Kind in einer blauen Jacke schaut nach links, whrend ein Fahrrad auf der Strae vorbei fhrt.
Der Skifahrer fhrt einen groen Berg hinunter.
Eine Frau klettert einen steilen Berg ber Wasser.
Ein Mann feuert eine Pistole an einem Schiestand.
Die beiden Hunde stehen mit ihren Kpfen ineinander verschlungenen.
Eine Gruppe von Skatern ist in einem Skatepark.
Ein Mann, bekleidet mit einer Sicherheitsweste, fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf der Autobahn.
Ein Mann geht auf einem originellen Brgersteig an einer verlassenen Kneipe vorbei.
Ein Radfahrer versucht etwas aus seinem Rucksack auf einer belebten Strae zu holen.
Der Junge macht mit seinem Fahrrad einen Sprung in die Luft.
Eine Asiatin fhrt ein Fahrrad und trgt eine Atemschutzmaske.
Die Dame trgt ein Kopftuch um ihr Gesicht, um sich vor Staub zu schtzen.
Eine Frau, die einen roten Hut und Gesichtsbemalung trgt, lchelt einer anderen Frau zu.
Das Kind spielt in den Felsen.
Eine Frau mit Brille, in einem braunen Oberteil, steht vor einem Schaubild.
Drei junge schwarze Mnner lehnen gegen einen weien Jeep.
Eine Gruppe Fahrradfahrer mit Helm, steht in der Nhe eines Kleinbusses.
Ein Trompeter spielt mit seinem Partner Musik.
Zwei Frauen gucken sich einen Nahrungsmittelverkaufsstand an, und berlegen ob sie etwas kaufen sollten.
Ein kleines Baby klettert auf der Leiter jemandem hinterher.
Die Polizisten in leuchtend gelben Jacken beobachten die Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann arbeitet in der Kche an seinem Computer.
Eine Frau, die ein rotes und weies Kleid trgt, hlt die Hand von einem Mann in einer blauen Jacke mit Blumen am Revers.
Mehrere Mnner laden eine Metallkanone.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Hemd unterhlt sich mit jemandem.
Eine Frau prsentiert verschiedene Dokumente durch Gebrauch von Multimedia-Ausstattung.
Ein junges Mdchen fhrt auf einer Attraktion in einem Vergngungspark.
Zwei Mnner stehen vor einem groen grnen LKW.
Eine Familie geht durch ein Schotterfeld unter hoch gebauten Holzkonstruktionen.
Zwei schwarze Hunde-rennen am Ufer einem Ball nach.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Oberteil arbeitet in einer Fabrik.
Fugnger und Radfahrer bewegen sich gemchlich an einem modernen Gebude vorbei.
Zwei Mdchen, in Kleidung, spielen in der Dusche.
Eine Frau hlt ein Baby in ihrem Arm, whrend sie auf etwas zeigt.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt in ein Schwimmbad.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Gelndemotorrad ber einen Hgel.
Ein Mann steht inmitten einer Menschenmenge, whrend er eine Zigarette raucht.
Fnf Mnner ziehen ein Fischernetz auf den Strand.
In einer leeren, verdunkelten Bowlingbahn, bereitet sich eine Frau darauf vor, eine rote Bowlingkugel in Richtung einer Gruppe von fnf Stiften zu werfen.
Ein Mdchen, das rosa trgt, schwingt ber einen Bach.
Eine Dame mit lockigen braunen Haaren, steht mit einer Kamera in einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei junge Fuballspieler rennen zum Tor.
Eine Gruppe junger Kinder in Rollsthlen ziehen sich durch ein kleines Dorf, whrend sie fotografiert werden.
Ein lterer Mann fhrt die Band, whrend sie spielt, an.
Ein Mann, der kariert und gelb angezogen ist, trgt zwei Blecheimer.
Ein Mann fhrt ein groes schwarzes Pferd.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer, der einen gelben Anzug trgt, springt ber einen groen Sprung.
Ein obdachloser Mann geht allein den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Junge, der ein Elmo T-Shirt trg, kniet an einem Tisch mit seiner Mahlzeit.
Ein kleiner Junge liegt in einem Laubhaufen nebem seinem Skateboard.
Zwei Softballspieler versuchen einen Ball zu fangen
Eine Dame lsst ihren Hund durch einen Agility-Parcours laufen.
Ein Stck Fleisch wird in dem Fenster eines Ladens prsentiert, whrend ein junger Mann darauf zugeht.
Ein Mann rasiert sich mit einem Rasiermesser.
Eine Menschenmenge steht vor einem Gebude, whrend sie Zeitungen und Fahnen hlt.
Drei Mdchen mit Kopftchern tragen Gegenstnden, whrend sie auf unbefestigtem Untergrund stehen.
Ein Paar sitzt auf einer Parkbank, an der lila Luftballons angebunden sind.
Ein Teilnehmer im Schwertkampf vom Pferdercken - das Publikum schaut zu.
Eine Frau mit einer Handtasche geht an einem Laden vorbei.
Zwei Hunde laufen auf einem Feld.
Eine Dame, die in der Nhe von einer Theke in einer Bckerei steht, lchelt in die Kamera.
Grovater, Vater und zwei Shne stellen ein Puzzle zusammen.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in weien Schutzhelmen innerhalb eines Industriegebudes, einer macht ein Foto.
Mnner stehen auf einer Baustelle.
Der schwarze Hund zieht mit seinem Maul an etwas Lilafarbenem.
Ein kleiner Junge trgt ein kleinen Mdchen auf dem Rcken.
Fnf Leute, die wegen der schlechten Beleuchtung, nicht zu identifizieren sind, stehen auf der Bhne und bereiten sich auf einen Auftritt vor.
Viele Menschen mit Abdeckungen um dem Kopf, stehen zusammengedrngt herum.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern umgibt eine Frau mit Kopftuch.
Ein junges Mdchen steht allein in einem Flur.
Das hbsche, kleine Mdchen mit der roten Brste, kmmt ihr Haar.
Zwei Arbeiter in orange Westen, gehen an einem Lieferwagen und Gefahrenkegeln vorbei.
Ein Mdchen und eine Frau posieren, whrend sie auf einer Treppe, die mit Teppichboden bedeckt ist, sitzen.
Ein Spieler gleitet auf das Home Base, das der Fnger bewacht, zu.
Zwei Kche, einer in traditioneller Kochkleidung, und der andere in einem Anzug, kochen asiatischen Speisen in einem Wok.
Ein Batter schlgt einen Ball.
Eine gepflegter junger Mann in einem gestreiften Hemd mit Kragen hlt ein Bild von sich und einer Frau in einem silbernen Rahmen.
Ein Chef unterhlt sich mit zwei Frauen.
Schwarz und brauner Hund springt ber eine Hrde mit weien Sttzen.
Frauen und kleine Mdchen fhren einen kulturellen Tanz vor.
Junge Mdchen fhren einen Tanz auf einer Bhne vor.
Eine Gruppe Jungen studiert in einer Bibliothek.
Zwei junge asiatische Mdchen, die in einer Art grner und gelber Kleidung angezogen sind, tanzen zusammen.
Ein Baseballspieler fngt den Ball, whrend der Batter das Base erreicht.
Eine Frau mit langen Haaren fngt einen Softball auf einem Softballfeld.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein lterer Mann, gehen Hand in Hand auf Gleisen. 
Eine Frau hlt eine Handpuppe vor einer Klasse von Schlern.
Ein Hund springt um einen Ball in der Brandung zu fangen.
Zwei Mnner in gelben Uniformen, benutzen einen Presslufthammer in dem Boden. 
Zwei Mnner in Badehose stehen auf dem Sand.
Ein Hund, der eine Leine hinter sich her zieht, jagt einen Tennisball ber eine Rasenflche.
Ein lterer Mann verwhnt sich mit einer Flasche bernsteinfarbener Flssigkeit.
Eine Mutter schubst ihren zwei Kindern auf der Schaukel an.
Ein Mann macht einen Gelndemotorradtrick ber dem Sand.
Spieler tragen orange, weie und schwarze Jacken und einige von ihnen reden miteinander.
Ein Hund mit einem orangefarbenen Ball in seinem Maul, schwimmt.
Ein Junge beugt sich zu einem Mdchen mit blauen Streien im Haar in einer U-Bahn Station herunter.
Jemand surft in einer Welle auf einem weien Surfbrett.
Ein Softballspieler in rot und wei, schlgt und trifft den gelben Ball.
Ein Mdchen in einer roten und weien Uniform schwingt einen Schlger.
Zwei Spieler sind auf einem nassen Feld, und einer liegt auf dem Boden.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher in Abschlussballkleidung versammelt sich.
Ein kleiner Junge auf einem Skateboard weint, whrend ein Erwachsener seine Schulter berhrt.
Sie ist gleich dabei einen Stock fr einen Wettbewerb zu werfen.
Ein Mdchen mit unordentlichen Haaren hat seinen Kopf auf einem Jungen, der neben ihr auf Steinen liegt.
Eine Person springt mit einem Pferd ber einen Zaun.
Die Frau springt eine weite Distanz, whrend die Leute zugucken.
Ein Man fhrt mit dem Fahrrad, whrend andere Leute gehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem lila Pullover und einfachen Shorts, geht mit einer Frau an einer U-Bahn vorbei.
Eltern beobachten, wie Mdchen in einem Softballspiel spielen.
Ein Mdchen, das die Nummer Eins eines LaFayette Softball Trikots trgt, ist kurz davor den Ball zu werfen.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien und braunen Trikot schlgt nach einem Softball.
Das Team von einer Softballspielerin beobachtet, wie sie nach einem Ball schwingt.
Ein junges Mdchen verdreht ihren Krper in einer Auffhrung.
Ein junges Mdchen pustet Seifenblasen mit einem orangefarbenen Seifenblasenstab.
Zwei Jungs albern herum.
Ein Mann telefoniert auf seinem Handy, whrend er vor einem Filmplakat steht.
Teenager, die formelle Kleidung tragen, stehen drauen in einer Gruppe zusammen.
Eine Frau in blau steht mit einer Hand auf einer trockenen Steinoberflche gelehnt.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt einige Treppen hinunter.
Zwei Mnner gehen einen Steintreppe hinunter, einer fhrt ein Einrad.
Viele Menschen gehen durch ein lndliches Einkaufsviertel.
Ein Kleinkind, in einem grnen Mantel, blauer Jeans und rosa Stiefeln, wirft Sand in das Meer.
Eine Person macht ein Bild von einer Gruppe Leute.
Eine Frau streichelt ihren Hund in der Nhe eines Steinweges.
Ein brauner Hund rennt auf Gras.
Ein Mann, der vor zwei Anzeigetafeln steht, bereitet sich darauf vor etwas ber ein Feld zu werfen.
Eine kleine Katze liegt neben einem groen Hund.
Drei Leute stehen vor einer blauen Wand, die mit Graffiti bemalt ist, und drei Metallstangen und drei grne Kisten sind im Vordergrund.
Ein Hund mit offenem Maul und ein Spielzeug in der Nhe ist in der Luft.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt in einem Hrsaal und blickt auf einen Bildschirm auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut und Brille spielt Gitarre.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd schaut auf eine Staffelei eines Knstlers.
Ein Mann in einem Superman-Kostm hlt ein Schild und steht auf der Straenseite.
Ein Mann und Frau reparieren schnell einen Reifenschlauch im Schmutz.
Ein Junge springt von einem gelben Sprungbrett ab.
Ein goldener Hund guckt sich ein blau und gelbes Spielzeug auf dem Rasen an.
Ein mnnlicher Darsteller spielt Cello.
Eine junger, gut gekleideter, schwarzer Mann, sitzt hinter einem Schlagzeug und lchelt.
Eine Frau mit Brille schaut auf ihr Essen.
Zwei jugendliche Mdchen sitzen an einem Holztisch und basteln hausgemachte Kunstwerke.
Frauen springen aus einem roten fliegenden Fahrzeug.
Eine blonde Frau schreibt in ein Buch an einem Tisch, whrend zwei Mnner zuschauen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd bereit sich darauf vor, den Ball in der Bowlingbahn zu werfen.
Ein Mann mit Glatze und in einem blauen Anzug gekleidet, sitzt an einem Schreibtisch vor einer Tafel und benotet etwas in einem Buch.
Eine Frau und ein kleiner Junge.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd geht vor einem Geschft auf einer Stadtstrae entlang.
Zwei Soldaten ben ein Niederschlagen Manver.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt neben einem Jukebox-Wandbild in die Luft.
Ein Paar geht die Strae entlang.
Zwei Menschen sitzen sich auf einer Holzbank gegenber, um sich zu unterhalten.
Vier Erwachsene sitzen an einem Tisch und essen eine Mahlzeit.
Fnf groe Hunde mit Maulkrben, laufen ber eine umzunte Rasenflche.
Zwei kleine Kinder schlagen auf einer Bongotrommel.
Ein Surfer der teilweise durch die brechenden Wellen zu sehen ist, Kste ist im Hintergrund sichtbar.
Eine Menschenmenge beobachten ein Flugzeug und einen Hubschrauber am Himmel.
Ein Kind fhrt ein Fahrrad hoch in der Luft.
Ein Kind streichelt einen Hund.
Eine Gruppe Senioren, die an runden weien Tischen sitzt, wartet auf ihr Essen.
Der Spieler tritt einen Fuball auf dem Rasen.
Ein grauer Hund und ein hellbrauner Hund spielen auf einer Wiese.
Sieben Matrosen in blau gekleidet, auf einem Boot.
Eine Frau schaut durch ein wissenschaftliches Instrument auf ein kleines Stck Technik.
Ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt hlt eine Kamera.
Eine Gruppe Leute stellt sich in einer Reihe auf dem Feld auf.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem blauen Metallstuhl.
Ein Hund mit einem Stock im Maul luft durch das Wasser.
Ein Student schneidet mit Freude Papier.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem Halstuch, rennt einen Schotterweg hinunter.
Die Hockeyspieler bewegen sich schnell in Richtung des Pucks.
Bei einem Versuch zu springen, verliert ein Skateboardfahrer das Skateboard.
Ein brauner Hund spielt mit Seifenblasen.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Uniformen, unterhalten sich mit einem Mann, der eine Flasche Soda in der Hand hlt.
Mnner und Frauen, trinken Wein, whrend sie Fernsehen schauen.
Epochendarsteller sitzen auf Grasballen und reden, whrend andere in moderner Kleidung im Hintergrund sitzen oder gehen.
Eine Frau in einem karierten Hemd guckt in einen Glasbehlter.
Menschen sitzen, stehen, und lesen Zeitungen in einer Gasse.
Ein Baseballspieler hlt einen Schlger.
Eine Frau in einer gelben Jacke und mit einem braunen Hut steht auf einem Pfad bei einem See.
Wanderer gehen auf schwierigem Gelnde.
Ein Mann mit einer Schaufel, grbt drauen in einem Loch.
Zwei ltere Mnner stehen drauen in Mnteln.
Der kleine braune Hund luft an einem anderen Hund auf dem Rasen vorbei.
Ein Vogel, mit ausgebreiteten Flgeln, fliegt niedrig.
Leute schauen zu, wie ein Mann versucht ein Kunstrad, unter einem Zelt, zu reparieren.
Ein groer Park neben einem Gewsser, mit groen Bschen die geschnitten wurden um wie Tiere auszusehen.
Zwei lchelnde Mdchen stehen auf einem Schotterweg in Indien.
Ein braunhaariges Mdchen bckt sich, um auf einer leeren Strae einen kleinen weien Hund hochzuheben.
Eine blonde Frau in einem roten Anzug, reinigt einen Metallgegenstand.
Vier Hunde laufen auf einem Feld.
Drei Leute, die Kameras in ihren Hnden halten, stehen auf einem Schotterweg, der mit Gras auf der Seite bewachsen ist.
Eine ltere Frau in einem orangefarbenen Kleid, steht auf einem Hafengebiet.
Ein dicker Mann in einem lila Hemd isst einen Kartoffelchip.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Hemd, untersucht ihre Kamera.
Ein Mann namens Luke, trgt ein hellblaues Hemd und ein Namensschild, und wird von oben fotografiert, whrend er gegen eine Bar lehnt.
Ein Mann mit einem Hund steht drauen auf Ziegelsteinen und hlt ein Schild.
Eine Frau nht mit einer Nhmaschine auf einem unordentlichen Tisch.
Ein lterer Mann geht an einer beschriebenen Wand vorbei.
Eine kleiner, schwarz und weier Hund hlt einen roten Eimer in seinem Maul.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm steht vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann macht einen Trick auf seinem Motorrad, wo er einen Hochstart macht und dann die Beine nach vorne wegstreckt.
Ein Kmpfer fhrt einen harten Schlag gegen das Gesicht eines anderen Kmpfers aus.
Zwei mnnliche UFC-Kmpfer, boxen in einem Ring gegeneinander.
Mehrere Personen reiten Kamele, zwei Personen pro Kamel in der Wste.
Eine Frau in rosa geniet ihren Eistee und ihre Vorspeise in einem Restaurant.
Eine Menge von Leuten wird von oben gezeigt, einige halten Kameras.
Eine Frau und ein Kind versuchen, ein Fahrrad mit Sprhfarbe zu besprhen.
Ein Junge auf einem Fahrrad springt ber einige Sandhgeln.
Ein Fuballspieler, ist kurz davor, einen Fuball zu fangen.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt um einen Tisch.
Ein Mdchen versucht, einen Ball in der Luft mit einem Tennisschlger auf dem Tennisplatz zu schlagen.
Ein Junge fhrt auf einer Rampe Skateboard.
A schickes Caf im Freien, an einem sonnigen Tag.
Eine Frau schaut auf ein Foto.
Ein Mann, der einen Helm trgt, macht Tricks auf dem Fahrrad.
Jogger laufen whrend eines Rennens eine Landstrae hinunter.
Ein brauner Hund trinkt Wasser aus einer Schssel, whrend ein schwarzer Hund mit einem Sprung neben ihm landet.
Ein Eishockeyspieler, der ein rotes Trikot trgt, greift mit dem Schlger nach dem Puck und andere folgen.
Ein Mann entspannt sich auf einem Stuhl, whrend er eine Lava-Lampe und einen Bildschirm anguckt.
Zwei Radfahrer, einer mit einer Maske, posieren auf der Strae mit ihren Fahrrdern.
Ein Skifahrer hilft einem anderen Skifahrer auf, aus dem Schnee.
Der Junge in dem roten und weien Anzug, steht auf einem Skateboard.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Fahrrad eine Rampe hinunter in Richtung einer Feldwegradstrecke.
Der Mensch in einem Lederoutfit mit Skelettaufdruck, sitzt rittlings auf einem roten Motorrad.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich mit einem anderen Mann, der eine blaue Kappe auf hat und ein Buch trgt.
Ein Paar bt vor einem roten Auto, die verschiedenen Mglichkeiten eine Sonnenbrille zu tragen.
Mnner fahren auf Fahrrdern, whrend sie zur gleichen Zeit versuchen, vor einem blauen Gebude mit rotem Rand, Sachen zu tragen.
Ein Showgirl schminkt sich mit Lippenstift vor dem Spiegel.
Ein BMX-Fahrer ist derzeit in der Luft und macht einen Vorwrtssalto.
Ein Hockeyspieler spielt Hockey whrend eines Spiels.
Hunde genieen es, sich in einem Park zu jagen.
Mann mit grauem Hemd und weiem Namensschild.
Ein Mann steht gegenber von einer Frau und hlt ihre Halskette, whrend sie ihn anschaut.
Ein kleiner Junge ist in einem Reifen.
Massen von Leuten stehen in den Morgenstunden in der Nhe von einigen Palmen herum.
Ein lchelnder Mann auf einem Pferd vor Gestrpp und Wldern.
Ein Mann und Kind stehen im Hof neben einer Bank.
Ein kleiner Junge macht einen Handstand auf einer Hand.
Ein Raum voller Kinder hebt die Hnde, Finger zum Himmel gerichtet.
Ein junges Mdchen posiert mit einer Frau, beide lcheln.
Drei junge Erwachsene blicken auf den herannahenden Sturm.
Drei Kinder setzen sich hin um eine Mahlzeit zu essen.
Ein Mann springt in die Hhe, whrend er mehrere blaue Ballone an einer Schnur in der Hand hlt.
Eine Gruppe Kinder dehnt sich auf farbigen Matten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sind an eine kreisfrmigen Metallgondel geschnallt.
Ein Rugbyspieler blockiert whrend er den Ball hlt.
Ein Mann in einem silbernen Mantel und mit Hut sitzt in einem Bus.
Zwei Mdchen zeigen das Friedenszeichen.
Ein Mann steht neben einer Frau, und er hlt ein elektronisches Gert an sein Ohr.
Drei Senioren schauen aus dem Fenster auf das Wasser.
Drei Senioren schauen aus dem Fenster auf das Wasser.
Zwei Menschen stehen auerhalb eines roten Autos in der Stadt, und umarmen sich.
Zwei Frauen gehen auf dem Brgersteig an einem Teich entlang.
Ein Typ deckt den Tisch fr das Abendessen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Kleid hlt einen Schlauch
Zwei Hunde nhren sich einander im Gras.
Viele Leute sind sitzen in einem Restaurant, whrend ein Kellner zwischen den Tischen herumluft.
Kinder spielen auf dem Spielplatzschiff mit Kletternetz und Treppen.
Ein Mann in wei, ein Mann in schwarz mit einem roten Kopftuch und eine blonde Frau, rauchen.
Ein alter Mann spielt das Akkordeon an einer Straenecke.
Schler arbeiten an Kunstprojekten in einer Art Klassenzimmer.
Ein lterer Mann rennt auf einer belebten Strae.
Ein rothaariges Mdchen sitzt lchelnd neben einem braunhaarigen Mann, der auch lchelt.
Kinder beten vor Beginn des Schultages.
Eine Frau in wei und eine Frau in schwarz stehen nebeneinander und telefonieren auf ihren Handys.
Eine Frau und ein Kind sitzen zusammen und lcheln.
Eine Frau, die einen schwarzen Rock und Pumps trgt, fhrt ihr wei und rotes Moped.
Eine Gruppe von mehreren Leuten steht um ein Gelnder.
Ein roter Doppeldecker am Himmel, mit einer Rauchfahne hinter sich.
Eine afrikanische Frau schttelt Staub aus etwas.
Ein Eishockeyspieler liegt vor dem Tor auf dem Eis.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem BMX Fahrrad einen Kurs.
Eine groe Gruppe Leute geht zu Fu auf einer Strae entlang, einige mit Fahnen oder Banner.
Eine Frau nht, whrend ein Kind zuguckt.
Zwei Skateboardfahrer, einer trgt ein schwarzes T-Shirt und der andere ein weies T-Shirt machen ein Rennen.
Mehrere Leute unterhalten sich in einer Gasse.
Kinder spielen auf einem Karussell, whrend Erwachsene sie von einer Bank aus beobachten.
Zwei Kletterer neben dem unteren Ende einer Felswand.
Viele Menschen sitzen an langen Tischen mit Computern, aber die meisten benutzen sie nicht.
Eine junge Frau springt auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Junge auf einem Skateboard balanciert auf einem roten Balken.
Ein Mann in blauem Trikot kickt den Ball ber das Feld.
Eine Person, die ein weies Hemd trgt, fhrt mit dem Skateboard eine Schiene runter.
Zwei Hunde rennen zusammen ber gemhten Rasen.
Der Skateboardfahrer ist kurz davor von einer Holzbank zu springen.
Zwei Kinder spielen Fuball zusammen.
Ein Mann mit einem braunen Hut steht aus einer Gruppe auf.
Ein lterer Mann zieht sich Socken in einer baumlosen Sanddne an.
Ein Arbeiter bereitet Fisch vor, damit er ihn auf einem Markt verkaufen kann.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem grnen Kleid mit rosa Blumen.
Drei Ballerinen in wei gekleidet tanzen drauen, whrend eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid zuschaut.
Ein blauer Bus ist in der Strae geparkt, ein Mann geht vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Hut und blauer Badehose, sonnenbadet am Strand.
Ein Mann liest auf dem Sofa eine Zeitschrift.
Es werden drei Frauen mit verschiedenen Kleidern und Stirnbndern gezeigt, die auf der Strae tanzen.
Ein Mountainbiker bereitet sich darauf vor, einen Hgel hinunter zu fahren.
Eine grauhaarige Frau mit einem grauen Schal und einem schwarzen Hemd, sitzt an einem Tisch, mit einer Plastiktte in der Hand.
Eine Person schlft auf dem Brgersteig mit ihrem oder seinem Gesicht verdeckt.
Eine Frau, mit dem Namen Steph auf ihrem gelben Hemd, nimmt an einem Wettlauf mit anderen Lufern teil.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille ist zu Fu auf dem Brgersteig unterwegs.
Viele Leute sind in einer Strae mit Bumen versammelt und unterhalten sich.
Der Gondoliere stt sein Boot durch den Kanal.
Ein Mann kniet auf dem Boden und ist von mehreren Katzen umgeben.
Eine Frau posiert neben einem Spinnrad.
Ein Mann ist kurz davor in einem Rugbyspiel angegriffen zu werden.
Mehrere Menschen laufen in einem Rennen neben einem Weinberg.
Ein Baseballspieler hlt seinen Schlger, whrend der Fnger und Schiedsrichter hinter ihm hocken, und die Zuschauer zuschauen.
Ein kleiner Junge luft ber einen Zebrastreifen.
Ein einsames Segelboot,mit zwei Mnnern am Ruder, bewegt sich ber ein schnes blaues Meer.
Zwei Mnner, die Fischereiausrstung tragen, unterhalten sich drauen.
Ein Typ fliegt in einem Skateboardpark auf seinem Fahrrad durch die Luft.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Zug und liest aufmerksam.
Ein Skateboarder fliegt hoch in der Luft ber einer Innenrampe.
Der braune Hund luft drauen auf dem Gras.
Ein weier Hund jagt ein Stofftier, das an einer Schnur gezogen wird.
Ein Hund springt auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Lufer mit karierten Shorts rennt in einem Wettkampf auf dem Land.
Eine Gruppe Leute rennt einen Berg hoch.
Lufer, die an einem Rennen teilnehmen, laufen einen Hgel auf einer gepflasterten Strae durch Weinland, hoch.
Zwei Mnner machen tgliche Aufgaben in einem Lebensmittelmarkt.
Eine Person rollt sich auf dem Boden neben einer anderen Person, die keine Schuhe anhat.
Eine Frau taucht in einem blauen Badeanzug.
Ein Mann mit weien Schuhen, einem weien Hut und einem weien Hemd luft auf dem Brgersteig.
Mnner und Frauen tragen rot auf der Strae.
Ein Snowboarder ist auf einem schneebedeckten Berg in der Luft.
Zwei Hunde spielen auf einer Wiese.
Eine Frau steht auf einer Brcke, mit einer Menschenmenge hinter ihr.
Mann auf einem Pferd springt ber einen Holzzaun.
Leute sitzen an einem Picknicktisch auf einer Grnflche in der Nhe eines Baumes.
Vier Personen tanzen in einer ffentlichen Strae.
Zwei Hunde auf dem Rasen die einander anbellen.
Ein brauner Hund und ein schwarzer Hund spielen mit einem gelben Fuball.
Ein Mann spielt Kricket, sein Schlger zeigt in den Himmel.
Ein Pferd und Reiter springen ber einen kleinen Zaun.
Ein Mann in einem langrmeligen Hemd, fhrt ein gelbes Moped ber eine Strae.
Ein Pianist und ein Snger sind bereit aufzufhren.
Eine Frau in schwarz sitzt in einem Caf neben einem Mann mit Brille.
Ein Mann in blau gekleidet, wurde direkt nach dem Loslassen der Bowlingkugel von der Kamera erwischt.
Zwei krftige, kleinen Jungen, in schwarzen Oberhemden mit lnglichen Haarschnitten, stehen hinter der sitzenden Frau in der weien Bluse.
Ein Mann hilft seinem besten Freund die Krawatte zu binden.
Ein Mann springt mit seinem grnen Fahrrad ber ein Zeichen mit der Aufschrift freies Abendessen.
Eine Person macht ein Foto von einem Kind in einem bunten Outfit.
Eine Braut und ein Brutigam stehen zusammen vor einem Holzzaun.
Ein Hund fngt einen Ball in der Luft.
Ein brauner Hund springt in die Luft um einen weien Volleyball zu fangen.
Zwei Mnner kmpfen mit weien Handschuhen in einem Boxkampf.
Zwei Mnner boxen sich in einem Boxwettkampf.
Ein Mann spht aus dem Fenster eines Kaufhausgebudes.
Eine Gruppe Kinder spielt im Wasser.
Zwei Boxer mit weien Handschuhen kmpfen.
Ein Hund, der ein Seilspielzeug im Maul hlt, luft auf dem Rasen herum.
Mnner fhren vor einem Publikum auf.
Mehrere Kinder stehen auf den Straen, einer spielt mit einem Ball.
Ein Paar heiraten, die Braut hlt rosa Blumen.
Eine Person schwimmt in einem Gewsser mit einem Wasserfall.
Ein alter Mann mit Glatze spielt im Rampenlicht Gitarre.
Ein sitzender Mann spielt eine kleine Gitarre neben einem stehenden Mann, der an einem Bass zupft.
Ein Mann mit einem Fahrradsturzhelm telefoniert auf seinem Handy, andere Leute sind hinter ihm.
Drei Mnner sitzen in einem Gebude, das mit grnem Licht beleuchtet wird.
Zwei Mdchen und ein Junge fhren einen Tanz auf.
Erwachsene und Kinder spielen mit Wasserballons in der Strae.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht auf der Strae.
Ein Lufer zieht eine Grimasse whrend eines Rennens, weil er Schmerzen hat.
Leute sitzen auf dem Gerst von einem groen, weien Gebude.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer roten Uniform springt auf einem Trampolin.
Eine Frau und ein Mann in Sweatshirts, unterrichten im Inneren viele junge Kinder.
Eine Gruppe asiatischer Kinder, spielt ein Spiel, indem sie in einem Kreis zwischen Erwachsenen stehen.
Asiatischer Junge mit einem grauen Pullover spielt ein asiatisches Spiel.
Eine Person, die eine graue und rote Jacke trgt, luft durch Sand in Richtung Berge.
Mehrere Erwachsene reden mit einer Gruppe Kinder.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht zu Fu auf einem Weg in einem Waldgebiet.
Ein Vater und sein Sohn machen eine Pause.
Eine Frau und ein Kind, beide mit dunklen Haaren und dunklen Augen, spielen mit zwei Welpen, die auf dem Boden liegen.
Ein Mann lchelt whrend er eine Akustikgitarre hlt.
Ein Mann, der einen gelben Helm trgt, klettern die Seite einer groen Felswand hoch.
Ein kleines Boot, das zwei Personen enthlt, bewegt sich durch das Wasser.
Ein Mann hebt und schwingt ein kleines Kind, whrend ein anderes Kind zuschaut.
Ein kleines Mdchen blst Seifenblasen, whrend sie zwischen anderen Kindern steht.
Zwei Asiaten fhrt eine Gruppe Kinder in einem Spiel, das beinhaltet das man seinen Kopf berhren muss.
Zwei Kinder lesen im Bett.
Ein schwarz und weier Hund schwimmt in Wasser.
Das Mdchen ist im Park und spielt auf dem Klettergerst.
Ein kleiner Junge trgt einen Helm und fhrt mit dem Fahrrad in einem Park.
Ein Mann ksst den Hals einer Frau auf einem belebten Brgersteig.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich neben einer Ziegelmauer.
Eine Person sitzt hinter einigen Taschen in einem Iglu.
Ein Mann fhrt auf Ski einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinunter, mit einem groen Berg im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann spielt sitzend sein Instrument, whrend Parkbesucher hinter ihm sitzen.
Vier Leute sitzen auf einer Steinmauer, die Bume und Gebude berblickt.
Ein Mdchen springt ber eine Hrde und ist kurz davor den Boden zu berhren.
Eine alte Frau sitzt neben einem jungen Mdchen, das die Finger im Mund hat.
Ein Mann der barfu ist, steht gebckt auf einem Hgel.
Ein Mann ist kurz davor ein Spielzeug fr einen Hund zu werfen, der es dann wiederbringen soll.
Ein Bauarbeiter in der Mitte der Strae.
Ein groer schwarzer Mann mit einem Hund im Vordergrund, ein anderer schwarzer Mann im Hintergrund, der die Szene berblickt.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und kocht etwas zu Essen
Zwei Mnner arbeiten in den Kanlen in der Mitte der Strae, als ein BMW neben ihnen anhlt.
Eine blonde Frau in einem hellbraunen Hemd, sendet eine SMS.
Ein Inline-Skater in roten Hosen und blauem Hemd, skatet zwischen grnen Kegeln.
Ein Sportler ffnet einer Flasche Champagner um seinen Sieg zu feiern.
Die Hndin fttert ihre Welpen.
Eine Nahaufnahme von einem Kolibri.
Ein Motocrossfahrer fhrt einen Schotterweg entlang und wird dabei von Leuten beobachtet.
Drei Mdchen haben Spa beim Kartenspielen.
Eine Frau geht mit ihrem Sohn spazieren, an dessen Rucksack eine Leine befestigt ist.
Ein Kabinenfoto von einem sehr berfllten Flugzeug.
Ein Mdchen, das an Seilen befestigt ist, fliegt in der Luft unter blauem Himmel.
Ein Paar unterhlt sich am Ufer eines Kanals.
Ein Baseballspieler mit einer weien Uniform und einem roten Hut macht sich an einem sonnigen Tag bereit, einen Ball zu werfen.
Zwei Mnner machen Moves in der Nhe vom Meer.
Der groe weie Vogel strzt nach unten, und schwebt ber dem Wasser.
Der schwarze Hund luft durch Wasser.
Ein Mann sitzt drauen in der Morgensonne, auf einem Holzzaun inmitten einer groen Wiese.
Zwei Menschen, ein Mann und eine Frau, reiten einen Elefanten auf einem Feld.
Drei Elefanten, die jeweils eine Gruppe Leute tragen, watscheln durch das Wasser.
Whrend es regnet, spielt ein Mann seine Gitarre auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann nippt an seinem Drink und hrt dem Herrn, mit dem er sich unterhlt, zu.
Zwei Mnner, die Militrhosen tragen, laufen ber einen Parkplatz.
Ein Typ gleitet mit seinem Skateboard ber eine Kante.
Eine Turnerin macht einen Handstand auf dem Barren.
Eine Studentenmusikgruppe bt ein Musikstck.
Ein junges Mdchen wirft ihre Skalenhaube in die Luft.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen mit einem orangefarbenen, ausgestopften Hundespielzeug.
Ein Mdchen steht auf einem schneebedeckten Felsen.
Ein Junge mit braunen Haaren und schwarzer Schwimmbrillen, kommt Unterwasser hervor, mit Hnden schtzend ber seinem Gesicht.
Mehrere Personen in einem Bus, eine Person ist eine unglckliche Frau.
Ein Mann mit Gewehr, Brille und Hut in Militrfarbe, macht vor einem Feld ein Bild von sich neben seinem Hund.
Ein Musiker und Zuschauer neben einer Bhne voller Musikinstrumente.
Zwei Jungen spielen im Wasser.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Oberteil tanzt in einem Feld.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Helm und roten und schwarzen Strmpfen, spielt Roller Derby.
Ein Mann fhrt in der Luft Wasserski, in der Nhe von einem Kai.
Ein Mdchen in einem Cowboyhut und ein Junge, stehen direkt am Meer.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einem Fahrradgeschft.
Ein Kind in einer weien und grnen Fuballuniform, tritt einen weien Ball.
Ein kleiner Junge, der ein orangefarbenes Hemd trgt, sitzt auf einem lila Stuhl.
Eine Frau, die an einem Roller Derby teilnimmt, trgt einen roten Helm mit einem weien Stern.
Ein nacktes, asiatisches Kind, hat Spa im Wasser, obwohl es schmutziges Wasser ist.
Ein wei und hellbrauner Hund luft auf grnem Gras.
Zwei Mnner spielen Lacrosse oder Feldhockey.
Drei Jungen in Anzgen und Schrpen, und ein Mdchen in einem Kleid mit Schrpe, in einem Feld.
Ein Quadbike spritzt Dreck durch die Luft.
Drei Mnner in schwarzen Jacken stehen bei einem Schreibtisch auf einem Feld, und halten rote Mikrofone.
Eine Gruppe Kinder sitzt, steht und kniet entlang einer Wand.
Ein Mann der reist trgt viele Dinge.
Das Kleinkind steht auf einem Dreirad.
Ein Mann in einer roten Uniform schwingt etwas, whrend ein anderer in einer blauen Uniform springt und andere zuschauen.
Ein Skateboarder nhert sich eine Rampe.
Die Person wirft ein gelbes Objekt in die Luft, whrend sie auf dem Sand steht.
Ein Kind mit roten Shorts ist kurz davor, in den Pool zu springen.
Eine Gruppe Lufer steht vor einem roten Auto in Europa.
Die beiden Mnner sind in einem Boxkampf engagiert.
Drei Menschen gehen im Laufe des Tages durch ein Waldgebiet.
Eine Frau reinigt einen Niesschutz in einem Restaurant.
Ein brauner Hund, der auf seinen Hinterbeinen steht, versucht etwas in der Hand des Mannes zu erreichen.
Eine Person springt ber eine Rampe, mit drei Menschen im Hintergrund.
Zwei Frauen in schwarz mit Fahnen, stehen vor einem altmodischen Auto.
Die drei Mnner spielen Basketball auf einem Asphaltbelag.
Drei Menschen kauern in Bodennhe mit orangen Eimern neben ihnen.
Eine Frau schlgt den Tennisball zurck.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Mantel und Jeans geht die Strae herunter.
Ein Mann in einer Gruppe Leute, macht ein Foto.
Ein roter Rennwagen fhrt eine unbefestigte Strae hinunter und wird dabei von einer Personengruppe beobachtet.
Das blaugraue Fahrzeug fhrt mit hoher Geschwindigkeit auf dem Kies.
Whrend der Tag zu Ende geht, fahren Radfahrer auf dem Weg neben dem Meer.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad springt einen sehr hohen Sprung.
Es wird eine Gruppe Leute gezeigt, die in einer Schlange vor was aussieht wie ein Fahrradgeschft, stehen.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Hemd grillt Fleisch auf einem kleinen Grill.
Eine brauner Hund, mit einem blauen Maulkorb, luft auf grnem Gras.
Drei junge Mnner inspizieren in der Sonne ihre Fahrrder.
Eine Reihe Fahrrder und Leute sitzen auf einem Kai in der Nhe des Wassers.
Ein paar Leute sind in einem Fahrradgeschft.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil fhrt Fahrrad.
Jemand steht auf einem Felsen mit einem Wasserfall im Hintergrund.
Ein kleiner Junge, der einen Anzug und Zylinderhut trgt, hlt die Hand von einem Mdchen in einem grnen Kleid.
Eine Person fhrt mit einem Skateboard in der Nacht eine Rampe hinunter.
Vier Musiker stehen und spielen ihre Instrumente, und singen in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei Menschen in Rettungswesten in einem Ruderboot.
Eine groe Gruppe Leute beobachtet, schreit, und fotografiert etwas.
Ein schbig aussehender Mann steht in der Nhe eines Wagens voller Kisten.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem roten Hemd, blauer Jeans und Turnschuhen, scheint an dem Pioneer Country Bro vorbei zu laufen.
Mehrere Leute klettern einen schneebedeckten Berg.
Zwei weie Schwne in einem See.
Eine junge Turnerin zeigt ihr akrobatisches Talent, indem sie einen Sprung von einem Barhocker macht.
Mnner in Uniform mit Fahnen sind im Freien fr eine Zeremonie versammelt.
Nummer 24 denkt, das er an der Reihe ist ein Fuball in das Tor zu schieen.
Sieben Menschen, die alle schwarz tragen, wandern auf einem Gletscher.
Ein Pitcher wirft den Ball.
Eine Frau in blau gekleidet, springt auf den Wasserrand an einem Strand, whrend ein Fotograf ein Foto macht.
Touristen stehen auf einem Aussichtspunkt, unter klarem blauem Himmel.
Zwei Menschen mit roten Westen stehen in einem Durchgang mit weiem Schnee.
Ein NASCAR-Fahrer versucht, sein Auto auf der Strecke zu halten.
Ein Hund luft am Strand, mit einem Mann im Hintergrund der ihm hinterher guckt.
Ein Junge steht auf einer schwarzen Bank.
Ein Junge, der in grn gekleidet ist, tritt nach etwas mit seinem Bein.
Drei schwarze Hunde laufen einem orangefarbenen Ball nach.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut und eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Oberteil, gehen auf einer Wiese.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd, zeigt seinen Daumen zur Seite.
Zwei junge Mnner auf Fahrrdern, einer macht einen Salto whrend der andere zuguckt.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille sitzt neben einem Tisch voller Getrnke.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd spielt ein Lied auf seiner Gitarre, whrend eine Frau und ein Kind zuhren.
Ein muskulser Mann macht Fotos von einem See mit Booten.
Eine Person fhrt ein Fahrrad auf einem Schotterweg.
Ein Mann paddelt in einem roten Kajak, ein oranges Kajak ist im Hintergrund.
Zwei Welpen zerren an einem Lappen im Gras.
Ein Polizist auf einem Pferd, von Zuschauern umgeben.
Ein Mann wirft seinem Hund eine Frisbee zu, der abspringt um sie zu fangen.
Ein lchelndes Kind in einem rosa Badeanzug liegt im Wasser.
Eine Gruppe Kinder steht zusammengedrngt in einem Hof, der von einem Bambuszaun umgeben ist.
Eine Person in einem langen Mantel und einem Stock, geht spazieren.
Drei junge Mnner lehnen gegen eine Mauer und unterhalten sich, whrend ein kleiner Junge Vorwrts guckt und ein Plakat hlt.
Ein Mann macht Ti Chi auf einem Felsen, mit blick auf einen Wald gerichtet.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann in lssiger Kleiderordnung, sitzen an einem Tisch mit einer Laterne, in einem Wald.
Der Junge in dem roten Hemd fhrt Skateboard.
Zwei Teenager springen rudernt in einen Hotelpool.
Einige Leute warten, um Sachen von einem Straenhndler zu kaufen.
Zwei Bergsteiger, die Ruckscke tragen, steigen einen sehr schneebedeckten Berg hoch.
Zwei Personen klettern einen riesigen, schneebedeckten Berg hoch.
Ein Mdchen, das ganz in rosa gekleidet ist, springt auf einer Bowlinbahn in die Luft.
Zwei Erwachsene genieen ein Gemlde aus Handabdrcken.
Teenager posieren fr ein Bild auf einer berfllten Veranstaltung.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem hellen gelben Kleid ist umgeben von gelben Blumen.
Der Verkufer hlt eine Menge Disney-Figuren Luftballons in seinen Hnden.
Ein Mann steigt aus dem Meer auf einen Felsen.
Ein Mann, der eine trkise Hose und passenden Flip-Flops trgt, zieht einen Wagen mit handgemachten Besen durch die Strae.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd steht an einer Theke.
Zwei Frauen, die eine Mischung aus islamischen und amerikanischen Gewand tragen, fahren einen Einkaufswagen mit groen Kisten durch eine Kassenschlange.
Ein Asiat fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad die Strae hinunter.
Eine Reihe von Militrlastwagen fahren an einem Soldaten vorbei, der in die andere Richtung geht.
Eine Frau zieht einer anderen Frau eine Halskette an.
Ein Vogel fliegt tief ber den Boden.
Ein Hund planscht durch eine Pftze im Gras.
Zwei Frauen, die Helme und Schoner tragen, scheinen zu kmpfen.
Eine Frau in einer rosa Jacke sitzt und tippt auf einem Laptop.
Der Junge in schwarzer Badehose taucht in den Pool.
Ein Taucher posiert unter Wasser neben einem groen Wasserorganismen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem weien Hemd springt mit einem Schwert in der Hand.
Ein Mann in Kampfkunst Uniform springt in die Luft.
Ein berfllten Bus und ein junger Mann mit Brille der die Nase zukneift.
Eine Person lernt wie man klettert, whrend eine anderen Person sie untersttzt.
Zwei Mnner klettern auf einem interessant geformten Felsen.
Drei Personen, zwei die Schlagzeug spielen und einer der ein Horn spielt.
Ein Cowboy schwingt bei einer Pferdeshow ein Lasso durch die Luft.
Drei Polizisten, ein Polizist auf seinem Motorrad, tragen schwarze Uniformen mit schwarzen Stiefeln.
Blick auf eine Strae in einer Stadt, mit einer alten Asiatin, die an einer Telefonzelle vorbei geht.
Zwei kleine Kindern gehen eine Treppe hinauf.
Ein brauner Hund luft mit etwas in seinem Mund durch Wasser.
Zwei Menschen halten auf einer leeren Stadtstrae an.
Eine Person fhrt Fahrrad, mit einer roten Mauer im Hintergrund.
Ein gefleckter schwarz und weier Hund planscht im Wasser.
Zwei Mdchen, mit einem breiten Lcheln auf ihrem Gesicht, posieren hinter einem Baum.
Eine Gruppe Kindern fhrt mit einer U-Bahn.
Ein Junge macht am Strand einen Salto in der Luft.
Ein schwarzer Hund hlt seine Nase ins Wasser.
Vier junge Frauen die Bikinis tragen, springen an einem sonnigen Tag ins Meer.
Menschen stehen auerhalb eines Gebudes in der Nhe einer Strae.
Leute auf der Strae beobachten einen Straenknstler mit einer Gitarre.
Ein brauner Hund springt ins Meer.
Eine Gruppe Leute reitet auf Pferden durch ein Waldgebiet.
Damen wird bei einer Routinebung vom Militr geholfen.
Ein Mann klettert auf einen Felsvorsprung.
Ein Junge klettert auf einen Baum und lchelt fr das Bild.
Drei Mdchen in bunten Outfits tanzen unter Bhnenlicht.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau spielen glcklich Flaschendrehen.
Ein US Armee Soldat lehrt einem Student, wie man Wunden behandelt.
Die Fahrrder von einer Gruppe Erwachsener sind startbereit.
Ein Soldat fhrt seinen Hund spazieren, der einen Tornister im Maul trgt.
Eine Frau unterzeichnet Papierkram bei einer Veranstaltung.
Whrend eines Sonnenuntergangs, beugt sich ein Mdchen whrend des Surfens zur Seite, ein anderes Mdchen wird im Hintergrund gezeigt.
Drei Leute entladen oder beladen ihr Auto.
Eine Frau trgt ein Kind ber eine steinerne Brcke.
Eine sehr glckliche Person geht zu Fu durch den Wald, whrend die Bltter umher wehen.
Ein junges Mdchen hngt Kopfber an einer Schaukel
Eine Frau steht vor einem Mann, der ein kleines, lchelndes Baby hlt.
Ein Baseman fngt einen Baseball, whrend ein Lufer whrend eines Baseballspiels auf das Base gleitet um es zu berhren.
Ein Soldat rasiert sich drauen, whrend sein Hund an seiner Seite sitzt.
Die meisten Leute sitzen an Tischen und lesen, aber ein Mann sieht aus als wrde er schlafen.
Ein Mann und Frauen arbeiten miteinander.
Eine kleine Menschenmenge sitzt an Tischen und verzehr Speisen und Getrnke, whrend andere stehen oder gehen.
Der Red Sox Outfielder fngt einen fliegenden Baseball mit seinem Handschuh.
Die New York Mets beendeten das Inning, durch den Fang eines bereifrigen Boston Spielers, der auf dem Rckweg zum First Base war.
Eine Gruppe Leute hrt jemandem zu.
Zwei Hunde laufen mit einem kleinen Kind an einem See entlang.
Frauen sitzen auf Sthlen und gucken durch einen Hefter.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Motorrad durch Schmutz in der Nhe von Bschen.
Ein Mann in blau macht einen Sprung mit einem Gelndemotorrad.
Eine Frau, die einen Aufwrmanzug trgt, schaut auf ihr Handy.
Eine junge Frau mit braunen Haaren hlt einen orangen Schmetterling.
Eine Gruppe Mnner sitzt und steht in einem Innenhof, einige von ihnen lesen Bcher, whrend andere sich unterhalten.
Ein Mdchen in rosa gekleidet, luft vom mehr Meer weg, zum Strand.
Zwei junge Mnner und eine Frau, die lcheln, stehen an der Rckseite eines blauen Kleintransporters, whrend sie Gemse sortieren.
Ein Mdchen mit rosa gestreiften Handschuhen, steht in einer Menschenmenge und lacht.
Ein Mann in einem rosafarbenen Hemd, sitzt auf einem blauen Plastikstuhl, und schlt Obst in eine Schssel.
Ein Junge fhrt Skateboard in einem Skatepark.
Der Mann fhrt hoch in der Luft einen Trick auf einem Motorrad vor.
Ein Ringer springt ber Seile.
Zwei Leute gucken von einem hlzernen Steg hinaus ins Wasser.
Ein blauer Vogel fliegt durch die Bume.
Ein Mann trinkt zur gleichen Zeit aus zwei grnen Weinflaschen.
Ein Baby in einem schwarzen Hemd kaut auf einem blauen Elefantenspielzeug herum.
Ein Suglingsjunge mit blonden Haaren, blauen Clog-Sandalen und blauem Pullover, berhrt einen orangen Verkehrskegel.
Ein Kind malt mit Buntstiften ein Bild.
Zwei Rennwagen auf einer Strae vor einem grasbewachsenen Parkplatz.
Ein Mann und eine Frau trainieren in einem Park.
Eine groe Frau in einem schwarz und wei gestreiften-Hemd, hlt einige bunte Dekorationen whrend sie auf zwei Mnner starrt.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grn gestreiften Hemd, hlt in seiner Hand einen Stock auf seiner Veranda.
Eine Gruppe Leute fhrt auf einem Boot und lchelt.
Der Mann trgt mehrere Kisten, whrend er auf einem Skateboard fhrt.
Ein Mann fhrt mit Inline Skates neben einer Mauer und weien Stufen vorbei.
Ein Paar sitzt schlafend nebeneinander an einer U-Bahnlinie.
Ein Mann schlft auf einer Bank hinter einem Brunnen.
Ein kleiner Junge in patriotischen Shorts luft am Strand.
Eine lchelndes, blondes, kleines Mdchen, liegt mit dem Bauch auf dem Boden und schaut nach oben, whrend neben ihr Dominosteine aufgereiht sind.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen kssen sich whrend eines Sonnenuntergangs.
Zwei Hunde, ein hellbrauner und ein schwarzer, spielen Tauziehen auf dem Rasen in der Nhe von einem Teich.
Das Baby geniet ihr Bad.
Zwei Asiatinnen, mit kurzen schwarzen Haaren, unterhalten sich.
Viele Leute speisen an Tischen mit Tischdecken, und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann in einem grn karierten Hemd und einem Namensschild, hlt ein Mikrofon und hat seinen rechten Daumen in seiner blauen Jeanstasche.
Ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke raucht eine Zigarette und wirft einen kleinen Ball.
Eine Frau unterhlt sich mit ihren Freunden, whrend sie in einem Restaurant sitzt.
Ein Junge schwimmt mit Schwimmbrille.
Mehrere Frauen in zigeunerhaften Kleidung tanzen in einem Wald umher.
Ein Hund geht auf einen Pfad umgeben von Bumen, spazieren.
Eine Frau, die ein gelbes Hemd trgt, luft auf einer roten Spur entlang.
Ein Mann interagiert mit einem Hund, der an ihm vorbei luft.
Es werden Mnner in einem Raum, mit Soda und Chips auf einem Tisch, gezeigt.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem jungen Mdchen ein Spiel.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Schutzbrille hlt eine Waffe.
Drei Frauen in Business-Kleidung gehen zu Fu ber einen Innenhof.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Bus, in Richtung von vielen braunen Husern.
Ein Mdchen liegt auf einer kleinen Ziegelmauer.
Ein gescheckter Hund schnffelt neben einem Weihnachtsbaum an einem kleinen Kind, das auf dem Boden liegt und mit Spielautos spielt.
Ein Kind in einem rosa Kleid ist drauen.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem gelben Kleid und ein kleiner Junge in einem weien Anzug.
Ein Wasserskifahrer springt von der Wasseroberflche ab, eine unbekannter Struktur ist im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann stand neben einem kleinen Mdchen, das neben einer Mlltonne in einem Hof steht.
Ein gelber Hund luft ber grnes Gras.
Zwei Teenager-Jungen machen Skateboardtricks in einem Skatepark.
Der Mann und das Kind schwimmen.
Ein Mann springt von einem Felsen in den Ozean, whrend andere ihn beobachten.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und einem Sweatshirt schaut einem Mdchen zu, das in einem Papierkorb steht.
Der Junge, der die rote Jacke trgt, hngt an der Seite der Schaukel.
Eine junge Dame trgt eine leuchtend rosa Sonnenbrille, und sitzt auf einem kleinen Trampolin.
Fnf Polospieler sind an einem sonnigen Tag in Aktion, whrend eines Spiels auf einem Polofeld.
Zwei Frauen klettern ber Felsen in der Nhe vom Meer.
Zwei Jungen gehen ber grasbewachsene grne Felder, zu einem militrischen Denkmal.
Die drei Hunde spielen im Sand.
Sechs Menschen posieren fr ein Bild vor einer Mauer mit Graffiti.
Eine Frau, die einen Helm trgt, nimmt an einem Inline Skater Wettbewerb teil.
Ein Mann mit einem rasierten Kopf, steht in einem Fluss und hlt sich an einem Seil fest.
Zwei gescheckte Hunde rennen im Gras.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen und blauen Outfit, tanzt auf der Strae mit einer Frau in einem schwarzen und roten Outfit.
Ein Mann grillt Hotdogs und Wrstchen.
Ein Baseball-Pitcher in einer roten und weien Uniform wirft einen Ball, whrend sein Teamkollege zuguckt.
Eine Frau mit einem orangefarbenen Schal zieht eine Packung Zigaretten aus der Packung.
Eine Menschenmenge Szene, mit Leuten in gelber und weier einheimischer Kleidung.
Erwachsene, die Ballonhte tragen, gucken Kindern zu, die in einer Ballon Burg spielen.
Ein Jockey reitet auf einer Strecke.
ltere Paare tanzen in der Nacht, Lichterketten sind im Hintergrund.
Ein kleiner Junge, der in einer grnen Schaukel sitzt, fliegt durch die Luft in der Nhe von einer Scheune.
Ein Mann sitzt am See unter einem Schirm und malt.
Eine Schwarm Mwen fliegt gerade vom Strand los.
Zwei Jungen schwingen im stehen auf einer gelben Schaukel.
Drei Mountainbiker fahren in einem Rennen durch die Wlder.
Eine Gruppe Jungen spielt Basketball zusammen.
Ein blau, rot und gelbes Flugzeug macht eine Schleife in der Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge macht ein Foto durch ein Glas, und zwei Frauen unterhalten sich.
Ein weier Hund und ein schwarz und weier Hund spielen, whrend zwei weitere schwarze Hunde zu ihnen rennen.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Stuhl vor einem roten Gebude.
Zwei Frauen, die sehr sportlich sind, spielen Beachvolleyball.
Eine Person macht einen Skateboardtrick.
Vier junge Welpen kuscheln gemeinsam in der Mitte einer Decke.
Drei Welpen liegen auf einem Sofa, neben einer Babyflasche.
Zwei weie und braune Hunde bellen auf der Kstenlinie, whrend Wellen hinter ihnen reinkommen.
Zwei weie Hunde und ein hellbrauner Hund laufen am Strand entlang.
Zwei Frauen zeigen verschiedene Gesichtsausdrcke, und tragen gold und lilane Kostme.
Ein Mdchen mit einem rosa Mantel spielt in einer Pftze.
Der Vater und der Sohn laufen an der Kste.
Ein Mann, der einen schwarzen Hut trgt, ffnet eine Pappschachtel.
Zwei Jungen treten einen gelben Ball in die Brandung am Strand.
Ein Mann in einem hellblauen Hemd und Marinehose, geht eine Gasse hinunter.
Ein Hund schwimmt durch tiefes Wasser in der Nhe von mehreren Enten.
Zwei Mnner beim Kickboxen.
Ein Mann blickt auf sein Men whrend der Kellner wartet, um seine Bestellung aufzunehmen.
Ein Heiluftballon hat Schwierigkeiten abzuheben.
Mehrere junge Kinder mit ihren Fingerspitzen auf dem Rand einer weien Frisbee.
Ein lterer Mann in einem weien Pullover telefoniert auf seinem Handy.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Gewand mit Sandalen, sitzt auf einer Bank auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Eine Gruppe Kinder und einer Mutter beobachten, wie ein-amerikanisches Mdchen auf ihrem Handy spielt.
Zwei Kinder lachen und spielen in einer Reifenschaukel in einem Park.
Ein kleines Kind kniet auf einem weien Fliesenboden.
Ein Schlagmann schwingt auf einen geworfenen Baseball, whrend ein anderer Schlagmann sich im Hintergrund aufwrmt
Ein kleiner Junge ist der Schlagmann in einem Baseballspiel.
Eine Person macht ein Bild von jemandem, der in der Nacht ein Gelnder mit Inline Skates hinunterfhrt.
Eine Ente flattert in der Nhe des Wassers mit den Flgeln.
Drei Bauarbeiter mit Schutzhelm machen eine Pause in der Nhe ihrer Anlage.
Der braunhaarige Mann und eine Frau posieren fr ein Bild.
Es wird eine Personen gezeigt, die im Wasser steht und mit einem Hund spielt.
Ein Indianerhuptling in seiner vollen Kleidung.
Eine gebrtige US-amerikanische Band, spielt unter einem Zelt Instrumente.
Ein junger Mann, der ein hellbraunes Hemd trgt, springt auf Matten hoch in die Luft.
Menschen beobachten zwei Mnner in brunlich orangefarbene Gewnden, wie sie Schlangen auf einer Schotterstrae halten.
Ein junger Mann springt mit einem Fahrrad von einer schrgen Wand, ber eine Bank.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper, macht einen Trick auf seinem roten und schwarzen Fahrrad.
Zwei Rennfahrer auf einer Strecke, einer ohne sein Motorrad.
Eine Gruppe Frauen reitet Pferde, whrend sie die Fahnen von mehreren Nationen tragen.
Drei Menschen ringen mit einem Stier bei einem Rodeo.
Eine Frau mit einer Gitarre, singt vor einem Gebude und Gras.
Drei Leute stehen auf einer Promenade und schauen ber das Wasser auf Gebude.
Ein Labrador steht auf einen umgestrzten Baumstamm, mit einem Mann im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Tennisausstattung vervollstndigt ihren Schlag.
Ein Mann, der einen lila Hut und Clownschminke trgt, jubelt einer Menschenmenge zu.
Ein Mann wird von einem Pferd bei einem Rodeo geworfen.
Einer Frau werden die Haare von einer anderen Person mit einem Lockenstab gewellt.
Mnner bei einem Rodeo versuchen einen Stier zu bndigen.
Der Mann in Schwarz fliegt von einem Stier, vor einem roten Zaun.
Ein Hund springt ber ein schneebedecktes Feld.
Eine Frau springt auf, um einer Leckage aus einem Grbehlter zu entkommen.
Ein Junge mit roter Badehose spielt im Sand am Strand.
Ein Kerl mit einem blauen Helm steht auf Seilen ber allen anderen.
Ein Mann spielt in einem dunklen Raum Gitarre.
Ein Mann, der einen Stock in der linken Hand trgt, geht auf einem Feld spazieren.
Ein Fahrradfahrer fhrt in die entgegengesetzten Richtung des Verkehrs.
Ein Mann geht ber eine Dachterrasse in der Innenstadt, ein Drache fliegt ber ihm.
Ein Mann fllt von seinem Surfbrett.
Ein Surfer auf einem gelben Surfbrett, spritzt Wasser auf einen anderen Surfer.
Ein Mann stellt einen Tisch von Kselaiben auf.
Eine Gruppe von Hockeyspielern und ein Offizieller, stehen auf dem Eis whrend eines Spiels.
Eine Frau geht parallel zu einer gelben Linie, gegen den Verkehr.
Eine Frau arbeitet an einem Stand mit bunten Waren.
Der Adler fliegt tief ber den Boden.
Zwei Frauen trinken und vergngen sich.
Ein Mann fhrt Kajak, verliert seinen Paddel und fllt aus dem Boot.
Ein Mann mit einem rasierten Kopf fhrt ein Mountainbike.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund springt ber eine Stange.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten Tassen, mit einem anderen Mann in der Nhe.
Eine groe Gruppe Leute, die sich Waren bei einer Art Kongress, durchlesen.
Ein gelber Hund steht auf Hinterbeinen mit einem Ball im Maul, Gebude im Hintergrund.
Zwei Frauen sitzen gemeinsam an einem Tisch und arbeiten an Kunsthandwerk.
Ein junges Mdchen arbeitet an einem Kunsthandwerkprojekt, whrend ein Lehrer ber den Tisch schaut.
Eine ltere Frau schneidet etwas aus einem Buch.
Einige Lehrer sind mit Kunsthandwerken beschftigt, whrend anderen etwas in einem bunten Zimmer diskutieren.
Eine Gruppe Frauen tanzt zusammen.
Ein brauner Hund rennt auf einem Stein.
Kinder spielen Fuball whrend ein Erwachsener zuschaut.
Eine junge Frau, mit straffen Bauchmuskeln, hebt Gewichte.
Zwei Menschen essen im Sonnenlicht.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper und einem Rucksack, luft mit einer Box auf seinem Kopf.
Zuschauer schauen einem Motorradfahrer zu, wie er auf einer Strecke fhrt.
Hier ist ein Baum oder eine Rebe an der Seite des Gebudes.
Die Mnner benutzen Hacken um den Boden zu lsen.
Ein Junge macht einen Skateboardtrick in der Luft.
Ein Junge mit einem Basketball springt zum Korb.
Die Hnde von einem Mdchen, die Fe einer anderen Person, und ein Junge, der auf einer Bongo-trommelt, sitzen auf einem Picknick-Tisch.
Die beiden Jungen spielen im nassen Sand.
Die junge Frau mit dem Schal gibt jemandem ein Geschenk.
Typen versammeln sich vor einer Eisdiele an einem sonnigen Tag.
Ein braun und weier Hund luft in einem Feld von gelben Blumen.
Eine Gruppe Leute feiert bei einer Fete.
Eine Gruppe Personen mit Gepck reiht sich auerhalb eines Flughafens auf.
Ein schwarzer Hund geht auf einem felsigen Gelnde spazieren.
Die Tochter gibt zu, dass ihre Mutter cool in ihrer Pilotenbrille aussieht.
Zwei Asiatinnen halten ein lebendiges YMCA Plakat.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Kajak, fhrt durch das Wasser.
Ein Junge sprht mit einem Scheespray.
Ein Typ lsst sich seine Haare von einem anderen Typ rasieren, whrend ein dritter Typ ein Foto macht.
Vier Kinder warten whrend jemand Holz schneidet.
Ein Mann, der einen Rucksack trgt, schaut hinauf zu einem Wasserfall.
Ein Hund luft den Bergwanderweg hoch.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd, winkt aus der Mitte einer Grtnerei.
Mutter und Kind, die blaue Hemden tragen, spielen drauen.
Ein Skateboarder macht einen Trick auf der Ecke einer Skatebaordschssel.
Leute gehen auf dem Brgersteig in einer Stadt.
Ein Mdchen, das ein komisches Gesicht macht, tanzt in einer Parade.
Ein Jockey, der auf einem Pferd reitet, bereitet sich darauf vor, ber ein Hindernis zu springen
Eine Frau, die ein schwarzes und weies Outfit trgt, fhrt geschickt auf Schlittschuhen auf dem Eis, whrend andere Leute ihr zugucken.
Zwei Kinder in blauen Hemden liegen auf Bnken.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille lchelt, whrend sie oben auf Felsen sitzt.
Zwei Mnner in verschieden farbigen Trikots, spielen Hockey.
Ein Mann, der teilweise als Schattenbild erscheint, lehnt gegen einen schwarzen Gegenstand.
Jockeys auf Pferden in einem Rennen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein rot und weies Motorrad-mit der Nummer 58, fhrt rasend rund um die Strecke.
Zwei Mnner stehen in der Nhe einer Metallstruktur vor einer Backsteinmauer.
Ein Kind berhrt ein Baseball-Base und trgt einen blauen Helm.
Ein Junge, der ein T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift FROG! Trgt, seht und blttert durch ein Buch.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad, macht einen Sprung.
Zwei Mnner in Sicherheitswesten, arbeiten im Freien an einem Projekt.
Eine Strae mit mehreren Personen und mehreren Verkaufsstnden auf beiden Seiten der Strae.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund im Meer, mit einigen Felsen im Hintergrund.
Zwei Bauarbeiter gltten eine Betonoberflche.
Ein kleines Mdchen steht neben einem anderen kleinen Mdchen, das ein Foto macht.
Der Baseballspieler luft dem dem Ball nach.
Ein Mann mit einem orangefarbenen Schutzhelm, Bedient schwere Maschinen.
Eine Gruppe Mnnern spielt in der Nacht Lacrosse.
Tnzer in wei fhren auf einer verdunkelten Bhne auf, whrend ein rosa Farbton sie beleuchtet.
Ein nasser Hund, spielt mit einem Spielzeug im Wasser.
Ein Junge wirft einen Gegenstand in die Luft, whrend ein paar andere Kinder ihm zugucken.
Ein Motorradrennen auf nasser Strae, whrend ein Mann sich hinten festhlt.
Ein Mann, der Kopfhrer in der Hand hlt und neben einer Frau steht, sieht sehr begeistert aus.
Eine Gruppe Leute tanzt zusammen.
Eine Frau in blau und ein Mann in rot, sind kurz davor sich in der Nhe von Laub, zu kssen.
Ein Mann, der auf dem Gras liegt, hlt seine Hand ausgestreckt hin, zu einem anderen Arm.
Ein Mann in Blau, steht vor einem bunten Obst- und Gemsestand.
Cheerleaders, die eine Pyramide bilden, posieren vor einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei Cheerleader in schwarz und rosa, posieren mit einem Bein hochgestreckt.
Cheerleaders mit Falcons Outfits, bilden eine Pyramide.
Zwei Personen und ein Hund spielen mit einem blauen aufblasbaren Spielzeug, im Wasser.
Junges Mdchen im roten Kleid, ksst ein anderes Mdchen auf den Kopf.
Eine Gruppe Kinder versammelt sich drauen um einen weien Hund auf dem Gras.
Junge Leute sitzen und unterhalten sich in einer Kaffeebar.
Der groe Hund guckt durch den Zaun auf den kleinen Hund.
Ein Mann inspiziert sein Fahrrad in der Nhe einer Strae.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem blauen Hemd, trgt eine blaue Schaufel am Strand, whrend er auf ein paar Mwen zuluft.
Ein Baseballspieler gibt den Ball ab, whrend ein Mann durch das Kamerablickfeld geht.
Zwei Kinder sind in einem Pool und ein Wasserball schwimmt in der Nhe.
Eine Gruppe Cheerleader jubelt.
Eine Gruppe von acht Personen paddelt mit Kajaks auf einem Gewsser.
Eine Mountainbike-Rennfahrer, springt mit seinem Fahrrad, whrend Zuschauer ihm zuschauen.
Zwei Mnner in einem orangefarbenen Boot, fahren ber das Wasser.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spielen mit einer Spielzeugeisenbahn auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann in roter Badehose, schiebt einen Kinderwagen einen berfllten Strand entlang.
Zwei Mnner gehen an einem weien Backsteingebude vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Skateboard, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Ein silbernes Auto gert auf einer Rennstrecke auer Kontrolle.
Ein Schwimmer macht Brustschwimmen in einem Pool.
Ein Hund, der auf seinen Hinterbeinen steht und die Vorderpfoten ausgestreckt hat, trgt einen roten Gegenstand im Maul.
Drei Hunde mit Maulkorb und Nummern, laufen durch das Gras.
Eine Gruppe Menschen, viele davon mit Ruckscken, geht durch einen Korridor mit Rollgepck.
Ein Mann, der ein schwarzes Hemd und hellbraune Shorts trgt, isst.
Ein junger Mann, fhrt mit schwarze Schuhen, schwarzer Hose, einem weien Oberteil und Sonnenbrille, Skateboard.
Eine Frau spielt auf einem bergroen Schachbrett.
Eine ttowierte Mann, mit einem weien Hund der fr einen Stock hochspringt.
Zwei Menschen sitzen auf einer Bank im Schatten.
Zwei Mnner mit Helmen, knien zwischen sechs Verkehrskegeln auf der Strae.
Ein Mann klettert auf Felsen durch das Wasser.
Zwei Hunde spielen in einem Fluss, einer plantscht ins Wasser.
Drei Kinder spielen mit Bllen auf einer Wiese.
Zwei Menschen fhren einen Tanz auf, wobei Feuer die Hauptattraktion ist.
Ein Mann hlt zwei Welpen.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer whlt eine unkonventionellen Strecke in einer felsigen Umgebung.
Eine Gruppe Leute fhrt auf dem Bus.
Ein Kind, das unter 10 Jahren alt ist, ist whrend eines Basketballwurfs, mitten in der Luft.
Ein junger Mann macht auf einem Stuhl vor der Tr bei der Arbeit ein Nickerchen.
Zwei Kinder, eines das wei und das andere das rot gekleidet ist, spielen im Wasser am Strand.
Ein Kind wird am Strand in die Luft geworfen.
Die Inline-Skaterin mit der Nummer acht bernimmt die Fhrung, und fhrt vor ihren schwarz und rot gekleideten Gegnern weg.
Ein Mann liegt in einem kleinen mehrfarbigen-Zelt.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt drauen auf Stufen.
Ein Mann fllt in der Ferne eine Schubkarre auf.
Ein kleiner Junge, trgt einen groen Fuball, und ein Fuballfeld ist im Hintergrund
Ein Junge spielt Baseball auf einer Wiese.
Eine Brnette steht auerhalb eines Obst- und Gemseladens, und whlt aus, welche Lebensmittel sie kaufen soll.
Der groe Hund beobachtet den kleinen Hund, wie er mit dem Seil spielt.
Drei Mnner stellen Seile um ein braunes Metallrohr ein.
Ein Hund watet durch Wasser.
Ein Mann springt mit seinem Krper in Richtung eines Fotobildschirms und einer groen Fotolampe
Kinder in Uniform gehen zur Schule.
Ein Mann in Grau, sitzt und beobachtet einen Wasserfall von einem Felsen.
Eine Gruppe arbeitet zusammen, um etwas an Land zu ziehen.
Ein Wanderer geht an einer weien Gesteinsformation, in der Mitte einer leeren Wste, vorbei.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem blauen Transformator Hemd, geht mit zufriedenem Gesicht durch flaches Wasser.
Leute, die auf einer Achterbahn fahren, halten ihre Hnde vor Aufregung in die Hhe, whrend der Zug auf den Gleisen rast.
Der junge Mann springt um den Volleyball am Strand aufzuschlagen.
Zwei Mnner in einem Kfig boxen sich vor einer riesigen Menschenmenge.
Drei Leute fahren auf einem blauen und weien Boot.
Ein Junge in einem weien Hemd, macht einen Tritt in die Luft.
Ein junger Mann in einem Fischerkanu.
Ein Junge, der ein Spinnen gemustertes Hemd trgt, sitzt auf dem Sand.
Die Damen mit diesem jungen Mdchen, sehen glcklich aus.
Ein Mann sitzt Huckepack auf dem Rcken seines Freundes.
Zwei Mnner springen gemeinsam auerhalb eines Gebudes herum.
Ein Junge schaudert vor der Auswirkung des Sands auf seine nackte Brust zurck.
Ein Mann schleift ein Gelnder ab.
Eine blonde Frau in einem grnen rmellosen Hemd, fhrt ihr Fahrrad vor einem Mehrfamilienhaus.
Ein Profi-Ringer, springt auf einen anderen auerhalb des Rings.
Eine Gruppe Spieler jagt einen Ball auf einem Feld.
Das lchelnde Kind hat Seifenblasen in der Nhe seines Ohrs.
Vier Leute gehen auf der Strae, und einer versucht, in einen Einkaufswagen zu springen.
Ein Hund schwimmt im Wasser.
Der Junge auf einem Skateboard springt durch die Luft.
Eine Motocrossfahrer fhrt mit hoher Geschwindigkeit whrend eines Rennens vorbei.
Eine Gruppe Frauen in Ureinwohnertracht sitzt auf dem Boden.
Ein Paar schwarze Hunde, laufen durch die Brandung.
Ein Mann macht einen Inline Skate Trick auf einer Treppe, die mit Graffiti bemalt ist.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke, sitzt am Rand eines Tennisplatzes.
Ein braun und weier Hund, rennt mit offenem Maul ber ein Feld.
Ein Fuballteam posiert fr ein Bild.
Ein paar Leute stehen um eine groe, aufblasbare Rutsche, und schauen zu, wie ein Kind runterrutscht.
Eine Frau, die eine digitale Uhr trgt, singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein sehr glcklicher Junge, klettert einen Pfosten auf einer Veranda in einem Hinterhof, hoch.
Mnner gehen mit einem Rudel Hunde spazieren.
Hier wird ein Mann gezeigt, der mit einem Hochdruckreiniger den Brgersteig putzt.
Ein Mdchen mit einem schwarzen Hut, trgt ein afroamerikanisches-Baby.
Ein paar Kinder klettern auf einen Baum und haben Spa.
Ein Mann mit einer Zigarette im Mund, spielt Billard.
Jemand fhrt mit Ski von einer Art Gebude runter.
Jemand in einem gelben Hut, sitzt neben zwei Angelruten.
Ein Kleinkind, das einen blauen Hut und Mantel trgt, schaut auf ein Schild und zeigt darauf.
Ein BMX-Fahrer rast durch einen Wald.
Jockeys nehmen an einem Pferderennen teil.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem bunten Outfit, spht durch einen Holzzaun.
Eine Frau mit einem grnen Hemd und eine Frau mit einem orangefarbenen Hemd, posieren mit ausgestreckten Armen.
Zwei Pferde mit Reitern, sausen eine Rennstrecke entlang.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen, stehen in einem Gewchshaus und halten Gartengerte.
Ein lterer Mann steht auf dem Brgersteig, und malt die Aussicht.
Zwei Mnner, sitzen an einem Tisch auf dem Brgersteig unter einem Francisco Straenschild.
Ein junger Mann und eine Frau mit Percken umarmen sich.
Ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke, starren in den Himmel, in der Nhe eines Waldes.
Ein lterer Mann und ein jngerer Mann tragen Jacken.
Zwei Passanten, die an einem Restaurant vorbei gehen, blicken auf den Hund, der sie anschaut.
Ein schwarz und weier Hund springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein junges Mdchen sitzt vor einer Maschine, und drckt auf Knpfe.
Studenten sitzen in einem Hrsaal, und hren einer Vorlesung zu.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen, mit verschwommenen Bumen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die rot tragen, umarmen sich.
Ein Mann, der eine Hose und ein rotes Hemd trgt, tanzt mit einer Frau in einem engen roten Kleid.
Ein Mann geht an einem roten Gebude vorbei, whrend er eine spezielle Ausrstung trgt.
Ein weier Hund springt aus dem Wasser, um einen Tennisball zu fangen.
Ein Hund springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein Trainer und ein Schiedsrichter diskutieren, whrend ein Baseballspiel im Gange ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen kniet auf einem Bett.
Ein lterer Herr und eine Dame, die auf einer Auentreppe stehen, halten Ordner in ihren Hnden.
Ein Mann sitzt drauen neben einem Baum und Bschen.
Zwei Kinder schlafen, whrend die Erwachsenen die Nacht durchtanzen.
Ein Mann geht neben einem Pferd, das einen Karren durch den Wald zieht.
Ein junger Mann, der ganz grau gekleidet ist und eine Mtze trgt, schaut auf einen Boxsack, whrend andere zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe Leute in Kostmen, verbringt ein wenig Zeit in einem Park.
Sechs junge Erwachsene, einer der einen Hund an der Leine hlt, springen ekstatisch am Strand.
Diese Skateboarder versuchen Tricks in der Nacht zu machen.
Eine Person ist auf einem Fahrrad in der Luft, in der Nhe eines Gewssers.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen und blauem Hemd, grillt auf einem Holzkohlegrill.
Eine Springreiter springt, mit seinem Pferd, fehlerfrei ber einen weien Zaun.
Ein Mann steht im Schnee, mit einem Berg im Hintergrund.
Ein Mdchen steht mit beiden Hnden in der Luft, und schaut sich den Sonnenuntergang und ein Segelboot an.
Ein Baby sprht Wasser in einem Schwimmbad umher.
Ein Mann mit einer vollen Kopfmaske, khakifarbener Hose und einem blauem Hemd, sitzt auf einem Koffer in der Nhe von orange und weien Konstruktionskegeln, und spielt das Akkordeon fr fnf Personen, die auf grnen und weien Liegesthlen sitzen.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hemd, fhrt in einem Zug.
Eine langhaariger, brtiger, junger Skateboardfahrer, macht einen Trick auf einer Skateboardoberflche.
Zwei Jungen spielen auf Felsen.
Eine brauner Hund, mit einem Baseball in seinem Maul.
Eine Frau kniet vor einer Nhmaschine.
Ein Orchester spielt fr Leute mit Schutzhelmen, in einem Raum mit einer beschdigten Decke.
Ein Mann und Frau, die gut gekleidet sind, tanzen gemeinsam im Freien.
Ein weier Hund mit einem Halsband luft auf einer eingezunten Rasenflche umher.
Das Kind im blauen Hemd luft durch den Sand.
Ein brauner Hund starrt in die Ferne, whrend er auf trockenem Gras steht.
Eine Frau guckt durch das Fenster eines Schlossers.
Ein Mann hlt einen groen Gegenstand in seinen Hnden, und steht gebeugt vor vielen Pflanzen.
Ein Mann prft in einem Bro, Informationen auf seinem Laptop.
Ein Mann, der in schwarz gekleidet ist, surft auf einer groen blauen Welle.
Eine groe Gruppe von hell bekleideten Tnzern, macht Fotos.
Zwei kleine Mdchen, lesen ein Buch in der Bibliothek.
Drei Mnner sitzen lachend.
Ein Inline Skater fhrt einen Trick auf einer Rampe auf.
Ein Mann springt in die Luft, whrend er skysurft.
Leute gehen auf einem Basar im Freien umher und gucken sich Waren an.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch ein Feld.
Ein Mann in einem Flanellhemd, steht im Inneren eines hohlen Baumes.
Eine Gruppe Leute, sitzt auf gelben Sthlen und unterhlt sich.
Eine Gruppe Hunde steht in einem Fluss.
Ein junger Mann, steht mit einem Basketball auf einem Spielfeld.
Leute spielen in einem Park Kricket, Pinien stehen im Hintergrund.
Zwei braune Hunde laufen durch ein Feld.
Ein junges Mdchen trgt ein lila Hemd und ein rosa Stirnband.
Zwei Terrier springen einem Tennisball in einem Park nach.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann singen von Herzen in das Mikrofon.
Zwei Mnner mit Gepck, stehen in der Mitte eines Feldes mit grnem Gras.
Eine Frau versucht auf einer kleinen Welle zu reiten.
Ein Kind spielt mit einem Erwachsene in einem Kostm, auf einer Parade.
Ein Kleinkind hlt ein Gummihuhn hoch in der Luft.
Ein Mann, der Blumen hlt, luft vor zwei Polizisten weg.
Zwei Frauen, auf einer Bhne, lcheln neben einem Mikrofon.
Eine blonde Frau steht hinter einem Mikrofon.
Zwei Kinder, ein Junge und ein Mdchen, gehen eine Asphaltstrae mit einem schwarzen Regenschirm, entlang.
Menschen gehen durch eine malerische Gegend.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre auf dem Brgersteig, whrend ein anderer Mann im Hintergrund in der Nhe von einem Fahrrad sitzt.
Der schwarze Hund strzt auf etwas auf dem Hof zu.
Zwei Leute posieren auf der Bhne , whrend andere im Hintergrund stehen.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Hut, hlt einen Pokal.
Ein Mann auf einem Skateboard, springt ber einen orangefarbenen Kegel.
Tnzer tanzen auf der Bhne.
Der schwarze Hund zerrt an einem grnen Seil.
Mnner mit Hten, gehen auf der Strae.
Ein lterer Herr in einem karierten Hemd und Brille, lchelt in die Kamera.
Leute auf einem Bauernmarkt im Freien.
Drei groe Hunde spielen im Wasser am Strand.
Eine Frau streckt sich whrend eines Sonnenaufgangs am Meer.
Drei lchelnde Kinder, schaukeln auf einer Reifenschaukel, auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein bergewichtiges Mdchen hlt eine groe schwarze Wstenrennmaus in der Hand.
Eine Frau hlt ihr Handy vor einen Karton mit Katzenbabies, whrend eine andere Frau die Katzenbabies beobachtet.
Zwei Hunde teilen sich ein Spielzeug, in einem Feld mit Vegetation.
Eine Menschenmenge singt, whrend vier grne Stroboskoplichter im Hintergrund scheinen.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Schiedsrichter beobachtet ein Baseballspiel.
Eine Cheerleaderin in einem orangefarbenen und weien Outfit wird in die Luft von vier anderen Cheerleadern auf dem Boden, geworfen.
Eine Frau zeigt jungen Schlern einen groen Davidstern.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Hemd schlgt einen Tennisball.
Zwei Menschen, die in einem Bus sitzen, werden von hinten fotografiert.
Ein Erwachsener mit Brille fttert ein neugeborenes Katzenbaby mit einer kleinen Flasche.
Ein Surfer surft durch eine Welle.
Gelndemotorradfahrer fahren ber eine Reihe von Sprngen.
Ein Skydiver fliegt in der Nhe eines hohen Gebudes durch die Luft.
Diese vier Mnner, zwei mit nacktem Oberkrper, schaufeln Sand.
Ein Sportteam steht drauen aufgereiht.
Mehrere Leute fahren auf Fahrrdern, whrend viele Leute in Stnden zugucken.
Ein Hund mit einem Superman Hemd schlft auf einer Decke.
Eine Frau in einem Badeanzug plantscht im Wasser.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt und mehrere Leute stehen.
Zwei Jungen sitzen neben einem Stand mit frischem Obst auf einem Bauernmarkt.
Drei Boote im Wasser und eine Person im mittleren Boot, trgt ein lila Hemd.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen rmellosen Hemd und ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd sitzen mit dem Rcken zur Kamera.
Ein Mann spielt Bass auf der Bhne.
Ein einsamer Radfahrer, der einen Helm trgt, springt ber eine mit Graffiti bemalte Betonrampe.
Ein Bulldozer am Strand ohne Wasser.
Ein groer brauner Hund sitzt neben einem kleinen weien Hund, in einem Feld mit hohem Gras.
Ein kanadische Biker, der von H&amp, R Block gesponsert wird, fhrt vorbei.
Eine Frau fhrt ihr Fahrrad in einem Fahrradrennnen.
Ein Mann hlt einen Kandidat in einem Fahrradrennen an.
Drei Kinder, mit Gesichtsbemalung, lcheln.
Ein Kind malt mit einem Pinsel mit verschiedenen Farben.
Der Mann macht hoch in der Luft Kunststcke mit einem Fahrrad.
Ein Mann in roter Jacke klettert an einem Gletscher hoch.
Drei Frauen in Saris tanzen in der Nhe von einer groen Fahne.
Zwei Menschen spielen mit einer Frisbee.
Vier Jungen sind drauen auf einem Spielplatz und spielen mit einem grnen und gelben Ball.
Die drei Feldhockeyspieler jagen alle dem Ball nach.
Ein Junge springt von einem Skateboard, whrend es die Treppe hinunter fhrt.
Ein kleines Mdchen malt den Brgersteig wei.
Vier Mnner gucken sich den Motor ihres Bootes in einem Fluss an.
Ein Baseball wird auf ein Volleyballnetz geworfen.
Ein Mdchen, das in einem grnen und weien gestreiften Sari gekleidet ist, fhrt etwas auf.
Der Turner trgt ein rotes Outfit und springt.
Ein Mann mit Brille, einem weien Hemd, einer Krawatte und einer Hose, steht neben einem Bett, auf dem weie Kissen liegen .
Zwei junge Mnner posieren fr die Kamera.
Zwei Kinder und ein Mann gehen an einer schlecht zusammengebauten Htte vorbei.
Mnner spielen Baseball.
Eine Frau in roter, weier und blauer Rennradkleidung beim Fahrradfahren.
Ein Radfahrer bereitet sich auf ein Hallenrennen vor.
Eine Frau in einem Pelzhut und schwarzem Mantel, zieht ihren linken Schuh an.
Ein Paar steht nah am Rande des Wassers.
Ein Mann in einem hellblauen Sweatshirt, sitzt an einem Tisch vor einer Budweiser Flasche.
Diese (7) Damen erhielten eine Auszeichnung und einige Blumen, whrend ein Mann entspannt ist.
Teenager Athleten, ruhen sich nach einem Lauf auf einer Bank auf.
Die Radrennfahrer fahren in einem Rennen,.
Ein Mann versucht ein Fahrradtrainingsgert das ausgestellt ist.
Junger Radfahrer bereiten sich auf ein Rennen vor.
Sechs Radsportler warten auf der Startlinie darauf, dass das Rennen beginnt.
Eine Gruppe Radfahrer, fahren ein Rennen auf einer Radrennbahn.
Ein Junge macht im Gras neben einem blauen Spieltunnel Gymnastik, whrend zwei Jungen auf der Terrasse eines Farmhauses stehen.
Kinder spielen Ball im Park.
Zwei Pferde schauen ber einen Zaun auf ein Kind mit einem roten Sweatshirt.
Eine Gruppe Menschen versammelt sich in der Nhe von einem Auto auf einer Schotterstrae.
Ein junger Mann springt ber eine lange Stange in einem Skatepark.
Eine Person fllt ins Wasser.
Eine Gruppe Studenten lchelt vor der Kamera.
Ein hellbrauner Hund beobachten einen braunen Hund, wie er in einem Teich schwimmt.
Ein Junge schwingt auf einer Schaukel.
Zwei Menschen spielen Golf auf einem Golfplatz.
Das Mdchen mit dem rosafarbenen Oberteil, fhrt ein Skateboard an einer weien Mauer entlang.
Ein Hund springt durch einen roten Reifen.
Es werden Gruppen von Menschen in grn oder lila Hemden gezeigt, die versammelt im Freien mit Schildern und lila Luftballons stehen. 
Eine Frau kauft Artikel von einem Mann in einem roten Hemd, der auf seinem Hof verkauft.
Zwei Frauen, eine mit einer Kamera, greifen nach und berhren einen gespiegelten Ball.
Ein Mann mit einem Strohhut und Overalls, steht mit einem Freund im Freien.
Ein lchelndes Mdchen rutscht, mit den Fen zuerst, eine lilafarbene Rutsche hinunter.
Ein junges Paar, das formelle Kleidung trgt, tanzt langsam auf der Tanzflche.
Die Braut im weien Kleid wird von Trauzeugen und Brautjungfern umgeben, die alle in schwarz gekleidet sind.
Ein junges Paar in Hochzeitskleidung posiert fr ein Bild.
Ein kleines Fuball-Liga Spiel wird in einem vorstdtischen Stadtviertel gespielt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau im Hochzeitskleidung blicken auf das Wasser.
Ein Mann spielt eine Gitarre, whrend er auf einer Tribne vor einem See sitzt.
Zwei Jungen sitzen und essen ein Eis.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft im flachen Wasser an einem Strand.
Der aufwndige Jesusschrein wird in einer Parade getragen.
Mnner in blau tragen etwas auf ihren Schultern, gefolgt von einer Band.
Eine weie Frau hlt eine Panasonic-Videokamera, in einem Park, in der Hand.
Eine Surfer, der einen schwarzen und grnen Anzug trgt, reitet auf einer Welle.
Der Skateboardfahrer fhrt auf der Rampe neben einem sehr groen Bild.
Ein Skateboarder macht einen Trick auf einer mit Graffiti bedeckten Skateboardrampe.
Ein Mdchen kniet auf einer Schaukel in einem Park.
Ein Mountainbiker springt mit seinem Fahrrad ber einen Baumstumpf im Wald.
Vier Brautjungfern posieren dramatisch mit dem Brutigam.
Ein junges Mdchen mit einem rot gepunkteten-Outfit, spielt mit Spielzeug.
Eine Frau geht vier Hunde spazieren.
Ein Mdchen mit Sommersprossen und Metallohrringe geniet drinnen eine Kirsche.
Ein Mann windsurft in einem Neoprenanzug.
Zwei Frauen sitzen Rcken an Rcken auerhalb eines Brobereichs.
Eine Person spielt Kricket in einem ganz grnen Outfit.
Eine Stewardess mit braunen Haaren und roter Uniform, schiebt einen Warenkorb mit Essen durch ein Flugzeug.
Ein Hund mit einem gelben Spielzeug wird von einem anderen Hund gejagt.
Ein schwarzer Hund geht am Strand, in der Nhe der Felsen, spazieren.
Ein roter Lastwagen fhrt ber eine felsige Oberflche.
Eine afroamerikanische Frau geht eine Strae entlang, whrend sie auf ihrem Handy telefoniert und eine schwarze Handtasche trgt.
Ein Mann vervollstndigt eine Bodenarbeit mit einem Pinsel.
Eine asiatische junge Frau, die ein weies Hemd und eine schwarze Hose trgt, hlt ein rosa Handtasche.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt auf einer Schaukel.
Ein groer gelber Hund und ein kleiner weier Hund spielen im Gras.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Leiter, die gegen ein Backsteingebude gelehnt ist.
Eine Frau und ein Baby machen ein Nickerchen im Sand.
Ein Texas Baseballspieler fngt den Ball, whrend der Gegner gerade auf das Base gleitet.
Ein Mann auf einem Boot bereitet sich darauf vor, zu sehen, was er in seinem Netz gefangen hat.
Ein Team von vier Richtern, bewertet einen Wettbewerb.
Ein Mann in Schwarz spricht in ein Mikrofon, whrend eine Frau schreibt.
Vier Leute sitzen an einem Tisch vor einem Publikum.
Ein Forscher in einer Eishhle steht ber einem groen Blatt von dunkelblauem Eis.
Drei Cowboys packen ein Stier bei den Hrnern und ringen mit ihm.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Anzgen sind auf dem Weg zu einer Geschftsstelle.
Jemand steht leicht gebeugt in der Mitte eines groen Gebudes.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und mit einer schwarzen Baseballmtze versucht ein Schild auf einer Mauer zu erreichen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad auf einer Asphaltstrae.
Ein blondes und ein brnett braunes Mdchen hngen von Gymnastikringen.
Ein Fischer mit einem Hut sammeln seine Netze im trben Wasser in Ufernhe ein.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht in die gleichen Richtung, einschlielich zweier Frauen, von denen eine eine Sonnenbrille und Shorts trgt.
Ein junger Mann trgt ein kariertes Hemd bei einem Jungstierkampf.
Ein Mdchen springt von einem Sprung in einem stdtischen Umfeld.
Asiatinnen auf einer Party unterhalten sich bei einer Wand.
Dieser Dachterassen-Skateboarder fliegt hoch in der Luft, whrend er einen Trick macht, um seinen Freund zu beeindrucken.
Eine 5-Personen-Band tritt in einem Zelt auf einer Bhne auf.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Reitoutfit sitzt auf einem Pferd mit einem Teddybren.
Ein Mann geht drauen mit zwei Hunden spazieren.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Kleid mit einem violetten Hula-Hoop Reifen hat eine groe Menschenmenge hinter sich.
Ein Mann in einem roten Mantel schneepflgt einen Parkplatz.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge, der ein schwarzes und blaues T-Shirt trgt, steht auf einer weien Treppe.
Eine Gruppe Mnner spielt Instrumente auf einer Bhne.
Eine Frau am Handy und ein Mann, der neben ihr liegt und ebenfalls mit dem Handy telefoniert.
Leute in Piratenoutfits spielen in einer Band.
Ein Kind, das einen Helm trgt, fhrt schnell mit seinem Mountainbike durch einen Wald.
Ein Mann, der oben auf einem teilweise fertigen Dach steht, bereitet sich darauf vor, mehr Schindeln zu legen.
Ein braun und schwarzer Hund, wacht ber eine Herde Tiere.
Eine groe Gruppe posiert fr ein Foto auf einem Rasen
Die Frau geht mit ihren Kindern, die alle Eistten halten, spazieren.
Ein Skateboardfahrer in einem roten Hemd, schleift entlang der Kante von einer Betonrampe.
Zwei Mdchen spielen Softball, und eine gleitet gerade in das Home Base.
Eine Gruppe Personen unterhlt sich in einer Kneipe.
Bauarbeiter balancieren auf einem schmalen Balken, hoch ber dem Boden.
Ein Junge wirft Bltter in die Luft.
Schwarz, braun und weier Hund hockt auf drei Beinen im Gras.
Die Skateboarder kommt am oberen Ende der Rampe an.
Mehrere Leute beobachten, wie ein Skateboarder eine Treppe runterspringt.
Ein Hund springt von einem Surfbrett.
Ein Junge steht in der Mitte der Strae und tritt einen roten Ball.
Ein junges Mdchen, in einem rosafarbenen Hut, macht Fotos.
Sie spielen mit einem Fuball am Strand.
Zwei Mnner spielen zusammen in einem Sportspiel.
Ein Mann in Uniform, trgt einen Helm mit Kinnriemen und ein rotes Hemd.
Der braun und weie Hund, geht durch flaches Wasser.
Ein Mops steht auf zwei Beinen und schaut ber eine Steinmauer.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Fahrrad im Wald.
Ein wei und brauner Hund spielt mit einem Spielzeug im Dreck.
Leute in Ghostbusters Outfits, stehen auf einem Brgersteig.
Frauen malen ein groes Rasterbild von Afrika und anderen Teilen der Welt.
Zwei Hunde spielen in flachem Wasser.
Drei vietnamesische Frauen paddeln am Morgen in ihren Booten entlang des Flussmarkts.
Ein Paar Stiefel werden von einer Frau getragen, die eine orange Strumpfhose trgt.
Ein Flo wird durch Wildwasser gepaddelt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gucken ber ein Gelnder.
Mnner in einer berfllten Kneipe, die sich unterhalten und Bier trinken.
Eine Frau spielt Minigolf und schlgt einen blauen Ball aus dem Wasser.
Ein kleines Kind in einer blauen Jacke benutzt seine gelbe Giekanne, um die Pflanzen zu gieen.
Eine Frau holt die Blle aus einem Minigolfloch.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd winkt mit seinen Armen in der Luft zu einer anderen Person hin.
Ein Kerl springt von Felsen ins Wasser.
Zwei kleine orange und weie Hunde sind im Schnee.
Aus einem blauen Gebude kommt starker Rauch und ein Feuerwehrauto steht davor.
Eine Person in einer roten Jacke hat ein Bier in der Hand und ein Mann in einem weien Hemd folgt ihm.
Eine Frau in einem schwarz und weien Pullover steht auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd fhrt Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe Leute, die gut gekleidet ist, wartet drauen auf zwei Autos.
Fnf Militrangehrige in blauen Hosen mit ihren Blasinstrumenten.
Sie ben mit der Band fr die Parade.
Ein Kind mit Helm spielt auf einem Skateboard auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein kleines Mdchen pustet die Kerzen auf ihrem Kuchen aus.
Eine Familie und ein Mann in Militrsachen schauen auf einen Kuchen.
Sechs Leute gehen eine blaue Rampe hoch.
Eine Frau reitet auf einem Pferd in einem Sprungwettbewerb.
Zwei Hunde laufen am Strand.
Ein blondes Mdchen schaut mit offenem Mund weg von der Kamera.
Zwei alte Kerle sitzen auf einer Bank.
Ein Hund rennt ber eine Wiese mit gelben Blumen.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille geht durch einen Park spazieren.
Leute sitzen an Tischen neben Hecken.
Einer Gruppe Frauen wird Make-up aufgelegt.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid sitzt whrend eine andere Frau ihre Haare fhnt.
Jungen werfen einen Fuball auf dem Strand.
Ein Mann schlft eingehllt in einer rosa Decke auf dem Gras.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Hemd steht vor landwirtschaftlichen Gerten.
Ein nacktes Mdchen, das mit Blumenmustern bemalt ist, fhrt auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein Paar, das formell angezogen ist, ksst sich an einem See.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht drauen an einem grnen Zelt.
Drei adrette Mnner stehen drauen an einem formellen Esstisch.
Zwei weie Hunde planschen in weien Wellen herum.
Ein Mann zeigt ein Buch in der U.S. Armee Yongsan Bcherei.
Eine Frau zeigt ein Kinderbuch und scheint dabei ber den Inhalt verrgert zu sein.
Eine Frau liest ein Geschichtenbuch.
Zwei kleine Kinder verzieren Cupcakes mit Tuben aus denen Puderzucker kommt.
Frauen sitzen in einem Zimmer herum und haben eine heftige Unterhaltung.
Die Frau bringt ihrem Hund mit Trainingsgerten bei durch Reifen zu springen.
Ein Mann in einem Gebude spielt ein Horn.
Ein schwarzer Hund schwimmt in einem groen Pool.
Eine ltere Frau inmitten einer Menschenmenge schiebt einen Rollstuhl.
Ein Mdchen mit schwarzen kurzen Haaren und ein Mdchen mit langen blonden Haaren posieren whrend sie Eislaufen.
Die Frau mit einer roten Schleife geht an einem Fahrrad vorbei.
Ein Mdchen zeichnet ein Bild mit der Hilfe einer Dame, die hinter ihr steht.
Kleine Hunde werden in einer Badewanne mit einer Handdusche geduscht.
Ein Vogel landet an der Kste neben vielen anderen Vgeln.
Ein junges Mdchen steht am Sandstrand.
Ein Hund holt einen Stock aus dem Wasser.
Ein Mdchen in einem roten Hemd schaukelt auf ihrem Bauch.
Ein Kind hpft ber ein Loch im Boden.
Ein Hund beit einen anderen Hund in den Hals.
Ein Kind fhrt auf einem roten und gelben Karussell und hlt seine Fe in die Luft.
Das kleine Mdchen im Badeanzug steht neben einem Wassersprenkler und kreischt.
Ein Wanderer posiert auf einer hohen Klippe in den Bergen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf Korbsthlen.
Ein Mann in bunter Kleidung und Medaillons um seinen Hals steht neben einem kleinen Baum und schlgt auf Trommeln.
Ein Mountainbiker macht einen Trick in einem Waldweg.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt durch den Schnee und hat dabei etwas in seinem Maul.
Die zwei Boxer sind Frauen.
Eine Frau mit langen schwarzen Haaren druckt ein weies Muster auf ein Stck Stoff.
Zwei Inderinnen sehen Stoff durch.
Ein braunes Pferd beim Gallopieren in komischer Pose.
Ein alter Mann mit einem beigefarben Hut spielt auf seinem Akkordeon.
Ein Junge will gerade ins Wasser springen.
Leute versammeln sich am Straenrand und halten Fahnen, die rot, grn und wei sind.
Ein Fahrradfahrer fhrt einen Trick ber eine vllig mit Graffiti bemalte Mauer vor.
Ein junges Mdchen brstet ein Pferd mit einer Mhnenbrste mit Handgriff.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen vor einer Statue.
Das Flugzeug qualmt und stinkt und es sieht aus, als ob es gleich abstrzt.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper kocht drauen auf einem Grill.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd putzt Fenster und ist in Hngegurten gesichert.
Skateboarders machen Tricks in einem Treppenhaus neben verglasten Gebuden.
Ein Junge in einem gestreiften Oxford Hemd zeigt auf etwas.
Ein kleines Mdchen wirft Konfetti auf den Kopf einer Frau als sie lchelt.
Ein Mann hpft mitten auf der Strae in die Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge in blauem Hemd und khakifarbenen Shorts spielt auf einem Spielplatz.
Zwei Mdchen sind in einem Treppenhaus einer Schule.
Eine Person in einem schwarzen rmellosen Oberteil spielt mit anderen Leuten Waldhorn.
Ein kleines Mdchen, das zwei Wanderstcke trgt, steht auf einem Felsen in einer Schlucht.
Eine Ballettklasse hat eine Auffhrung und ihr Lehrer steht in der Nhe um ihr zu helfen, sich an die Schritte auf der Bhne zu erinnern. 
Zwei Mnner, gut gekleidet, gehen die Strae herunter und andere Mnner starren sie dabei an.
Ein Mann springt hoch vor einem wunderschnen Gebude und macht mitten in der Luft einen Spagat.
Zwei kleine Kinder schaufeln auerhalb eines Wohnhauskomplexes Schnee.
Ein junger Mann mit hoch gestylten Haaren posiert mit einem jungen Mann mit Sonnenbrille und einer Frau mit Brille.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein Radfahrer fliegt durch die Luft nachdem er mit seinem Rad ber eine mit Graffiti bemalten Rampe gesprungen ist.
Drei Mnner essen auf einem Sofa.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt in einem rosa Zimmer mit Kerzen.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Leiter und unterhlt sich mit einem anderen Mann, der aus einem Fenster hngt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fhren einen Tanz auf einer Bhne auf.
Eine Person fhrt Skateboard in einem Skateboardpark.
Mehrere junge Leute fahren auf einem groen gelben Kirmeskarusell.
Mehrere ltere Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank im Park.
Ein junges Mdchen macht ein Muster um Kleidung zu designen.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht im Freien an einer Quelle.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen und ein Junge rennen auf eine Kamera zu, in die entgegengesetzte Richtung wie andere Leute.
Ein Mann hlt ein Mikrofon und hat weie Hosen an.
Ein Mann macht Stabhochsprung vor einem weien Gebude.
Ein Mann in Schwarz singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein kleines Mdchen ist beim Angeln mit einigen lteren Leuten, vielleicht seinen Groeltern.
Diese Person macht einen Trick auf ihrem Fahrrad.
Eine erwachsene Frau und ein kleines Mdchen sitzen am Wasser im Wald.
Ein Mann mit einer Weste und einer Krawatte tritt vor einer Menschenmenge auf.
Ein Mdchen, das einen rosa Hut und graue Hosen trgt, klettert einen Maschendrahtzaun hoch.
Ein brauner Hund liegt auf seinem Rcken zusammen mit einem braun und weien Hund.
Da wirft ein Mann einen Baseball und hat dabei einen Handschuh an.
Eine asiatische Familie setzt sich um einen Snack zu essen hin.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd angelt mit drei seiner Freunde auf einer Brcke.
Ein kleiner brunlicher Hund htet einige Schafe.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Kleid hat etwas in seiner Hand.
Ein Tnzer posiert in einem leeren Zimmer.
Ein molliges Baby mit einem orangen Hut plantscht in einem seichten Gewsser.
Ein Mann halt die Hand eines kleinen Kindes whrend sie durch einen seichten Fluss waten.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt ein Arcade Rennspiel.
Eine Gruppe fhrt ihr elektonisches Musikkonzert auf und ist dabei vllig in Kapuzenkleidung gehllt.
Ein Mann, der nur schwarze Kleidung trgt, rennt eine Strae herunter, als ein Auto, das seine Scheinwerfer an hat, auf ihn zufhrt.
Zwei Frauen springen von einer Schaukel herunter.
Ein Bild eines Brgersteigs, der von zwei Reihen von Sulen umrandet wird.
Eine Grupe Leute steht im Freien neben einer Feuerstelle.
Da ist eine Gruppe von Mnnern, Frauen und Kindern.
Ein Mdchen schaukelt auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Mann in einem weien Anzug fhrt ein Gelndemotorrad einen Waldweg hinunter.
Die Person geht ins Wasser.
Touristen genieen eine traditionelle Bootsfahrt in einem langen Paddelboot.
Ein kleiner Junge greift und berhrt den Propeller eines historischen Flugzeugs.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen einen Brgersteig hinunter. Im Hintergrund sind Tische mit Sonnenschirmen aufgestellt.
Eine Frau hpft auf dem Kai am Wasser.
Ein Tennisspieler versucht den Ball zu schlagen.
Zwei Kinder spielen mit Babypuppen whrend Erwachsene sie beobachten.
Eine Person macht einen Trick auf einem Skateboard.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd schaut hoch.
Eine Gruppe Leute sind in der Mitte des Meers auf einem Wasserfahrzeug.
Ein Fest auf dem Musik gespielt wird und Leute sich versammeln.
Viele Leute sitzen in einer Bar mit Getrnken vor sich.
Eine behinderte Frau steht vor einem Tartuffe Plakat.
Ein junger Mann in einem gelben Hemd fliegt in eine Welle auf seinem Surfboard.
Einige Paare sitzen auf Bnken neben einem Pool.
Ein Mann zeichnet etwas mit seinem Finger neben einem Kind in den Sand.
Eine Person schnitzt einen Falken mit Hilfe einer Kettensge aus einem Baumstamm.
Der Mann in karierten Shorts baut eine groe Sandskulptur und wird dabei von zwei anderen Mnnern, die im Sand begraben sind und unter einem blauen Sonnenschirm liegen, beobachtet.
Eine junge Frau fhrt einen traditionellen Tanz auf.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt in einem Ballbad und seine Familie schaut zu.
Eine Frau brstet im Badezimmer ihre Haare.
Ein Mdchen macht mit seinem Handy ein Bild von einer groen Gruppe Leute.
Leute steigen in einen orangen Bus und andere steigen aus.
Eine Mutter mit Kindern bewundern eine riesige, weiche Figur eines Schweins.
Ein Kerl in Rot auf einem Rad mitten in der Luft.
Eine fitte Frau in roten Laufshorts fngt auf einem Weg an zu rennen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd ist in einem Restaurant.
Leute gehen in der Strae, in der eine Absperrung aufgestellt wurde.
Ein Kind macht Kunststcke auf einem Skateboard.
Ein Mann beobachtet ein Kind, das die Strae neben den Eisenbahnschienen entlanggeht.
Mitglieder eines Spielmannszugs und Tnzer in gelbem, ausgefransten Outfit haben eine Auffhrung auf dem Sportplatz.
Ein Bandmitglied in einer schwarzen, weien und roten Uniform hlt ein silbernes Blashorn.
Ein junger Mann gleitet mit seinem Fallschirm mitten in der Luft ber dem Meer.
Ein lterer Mann geht durch die Strae und schaut sich Waren an.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem rosa Kleid tanzt wie eine Frau und pustet Seifenblasen.
Eine Person mit einem gelben Helm macht Kunststcke auf einem Motorrad.
Eine Strae mit vielen Hndlern, die ihre Produkte, wie Melonen, verkaufen.
Eine Frau wartet auf einen Zug auf einem leeren Bahnhof.
Eine Gruppe junger Erwachsener duscht sich im Freien.
Der Mann liegt in einem Feld und liest ein Buch.
Zwei Leute stehen vor einer Wasserfallkulisse.
Drei Leute spielen in einer verschneiten Landschaft, einer hlt einen groen Schneeball, bereit ihn auf die anderen zu werfen. 
Ein Spielmannszug in voller Uniform steht aufgereiht und wartet.
Eine Menschenmenge schlendert ber einen Freiluftmarkt an einem sonnigen Tag.
Da ist ein Paar, das ber einen Bauernmarkt geht.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Hemd tritt einen blauen Ball.
Leute, die schwarze Ballons tragen, klettern auf einen schmutzigen Berg.
Zwei kleine Mdchen beim Armdrcken in ihrem Hotelzimmer.
Ein Mdchen hpft auf dem Bett.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Hemd schleift Steine, er trgt keine Schuhe.
Ein Inder arbeitet an einer Steinmauer.
Ein Hund steht am Strand mit einem groen Felsen hinter ihm.
Zwei Kinder, die Jeans tragen, gehen auf einer Landebahn.
Eine junge Frau ist extravagant fr eine Art Fest, in das viele Farben einbezogen sind, gekleidet.
Ein Verdchtiger sitzt auf dem Boden einer Verwahranstalt vor einem Beamten einer Strafverfolgungsbehrde.
Drei Mdchen tanzen in einem groen Raum.
Zwei Frauen nehmen an einem Kampfsportwettkampf teil.
Kinder springen mit ihren Rdern von einer schmutzigen Rampe in der Nhe des Hafengebiets ab.
Eine Groaufnahme von zwei Frauen, die zusammen stehen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und einer Krawatte zeigt auf ein Bild in einem Kinderbuch und ein kleines Mdchen sieht zu.
Ein Kind schttet Sirup auf ein Spinnrad.
Ein Kind in einem Kleid mit Blumenmuster ist in einem Blumenfeld.
Ein Mann fhrt Skateboard in einem leeren Schwimmbad.
Sprlich bekleidete Frauen spielen am Telefon.
Ein junges Mdchen auf einem Spielplatz zieht an der Schnur eines rosa Yo-Yos.
Ein Junge, der ein Transformer T-Shirt trgt, steht mit ausgestreckten Hnden da.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich.
Eine Frau fhrt ein Rad ber einen Weg durch ein Feld.
Ein brunlicher Hund rollt sich im Gras.
Die Frau, die eine Schwarz und weie Jacke sowie Stiefel trgt, hat auch Kopfhrer an.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden hat ein Abendessen zusammen.
Der Mann steht neben einem gelben Gebude mit blauen Fenstern.
Eine Frau trgt eine lila Bluse in einem Park.
Eine Person fhrt eine Show vor einem groen Publikum, das auf der Wiese sitzt.
Zwei Mdchen baden einen groen Hund.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Schlafanzug mit gelber Brille hpft in die Luft.
Ein Kind in blau mit Brille.
Zwei Kmpfer mit schwarzen Grteln boxen und dabei schlgt einer dem anderen ins Gesicht.
Ein Diskjockey hlt ein Bild von Michael Jackson.
Eine Stadtstrae, auerhalb eines Kleidergeschfts, mit einigen Passanten.
Ein Junge springt von einer Schaukel.
Ein Mdchen, hinter dem ein Junge steht, springt in ein Schwimmbad.
Drei Hunde rennen ber einen gepflegten Rasen.
Eine Frau, die in einem Labor arbeitet, untersucht etwas in einer Petrischale unter dem Mikroskop.
Ein Junge fliegt auf einem Skateboard durch die Luft.
Zwei Frauen und ein Kind essen Eistten auf einer Brcke, die mit Blumen geschmckt ist.
Ein Beachvolleyballspieler springt nach dem Ball und wirbelt dabei Sand auf.
Ein brtiger Mann auf einem Jahrmarkt trgt ein schwarzes Unterhemd und einen brunlichen Hut.
Eine Frau mit schwarzen Haaren trgt einen grnen Pullover.
Drei Kinder in Winterkleidung benutzen drauen ein Fernglas.
Das Connah Geschft, wo Tabak, Sigkeiten, Zeitschriften und Kaffee verkauft werden.
Ein Arzt untersucht das rechte Auge eines lteren Herrn. 
Ein junges Mdchen mit blonden Haaren hlt sich an einem Gelnder fest.
Eine Frau tritt gegen den Kopf einer anderen Kickboxerin.
Ein Mann trgt auf einer Schwulenparade ein Hemd mit der Aufschrift: Boys will do boys und winkt in die Kamera.
Ein Hund springt und rennt durch den Wald auf schneebedecktem Untergrund.
Der Hund schwimmt durch das Wasser.
Eine Frau mit langen dunklen Haaren splt ihr Geschirr neben einem schmutzigen Wasserbecken.
Ein Boston Baseballspieler steht zum Schlagen bereit.
Ein Mdchen lehnt lachend gegen eine Kchentheke und hat den Taillenbund ihrer Hose auf Schritthhe.
Ein muskulser schwarzer Mann tanzt in kurzen Hosen.
Ein Straenknstler mit einer Gitarre macht Musik und verlangt Trinkgeld.
Pferde mit Jockeys auf ihrem Rcken nehmen an einem rennen teil.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug und mit Brille geht einen Brgersteig entlang.
Die junge Dame geht an einem wunderschnen Tag die Strae herunter.
Zwei Baseballspieler sind auf einem Feld und vier andere sehen zu vor einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei Welpen spielen mit einer Plastiktte.
Zwei kleine Kinder lcheln und eins zeigt auf etwas whrend es etwas Rotes hlt.
Eine Frau erwidert einen Tennisschlag.
Eine Person ist mit einer schwarzen Weste und einem Hut, auf dem viele Blumen angebracht sind, bekleidet.
Ein kleines Mdchen guckt hinter einem Baum hervor.
Ein junger Mann in einem grauen Pullover geht durch seichtes Wasser.
Ein braun gefleckter Hund geht durch seichtes Wasser.
Eine braut und ihr Brutigam sind drauen aufgestellt und sehen auf einen ankommenden Mann, der in einen schwarzen Anzug gekleidet ist.
Ein junger Mann in einem lila Hemd macht einen Limbotanz in einer Sporthalle.
Ein Mann, verkleidet als Frau, sitzt mit Gesichtsbemalung neben einem anderen Mann.
Die zwei Kinder beobachten den kleinen gelben Hund an dem Baum.
Ein Mann hlt einen Einkaufskorb und steht vor einem Schild auf dem Fishmonger steht, in der Fischabteilung.
Da sind eine Gans und mehrere Gnsekken.
Eine Person schwimmt unter Wasser in einem Pool.
Eine Person in einem Kanu fhrt durch Wildwasser.
Zwei Leute fahren auf schmutzigen Rdern an einem sonnigen Tag in einer Waldgegend.
Da sind viele Leute drauen bei einem groen Gebude.
Ein junger Mann in goldenen kurzen Hosen und einem schwarzen Oberteil geht in einer Parade mit.
Leute winken von einem Bus, der in regenbogenfarbigen Fahnen eingehllt ist, herab.
Ein Kind, das etwas in seinem Hemd trgt, geht im Regen auf der Strae.
Ein Mann, gekleidet in hawaiianischer Tracht in einer rtlichen Parade.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper steht in einer Parade und trgt eine Blumenkette aus Plastik.
Ein Mann hat mehrere rote Zeichen auf seinem freien Oberkrper.
Eine Person mit rosa Haaren und Ttowierungen auf seinem oberen und unteren Rcken.
Zwei alte Mnner unterhalten sich auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann sitzt im Sand und hlt eine kleine, aus Holz geschnitzte, Statue.
Eine menschliche Figur in einem natrlich aussehenden Kostm steht als Attraktionsmittelpunkt auf einer Party.
Eine Frau in einem roten Hemd mit buntem Hut splt in einem Waschbecken.
Ein Hund wird mit einem Schlauch abgesprht.
Ein junge in einem gelben Hemd und blauen Jeans springt ber Trainingspylone whrend zwei Jungen in Fuballtrikots zuschauen.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen drauen auf Stufen und unterhalten sich.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem roten T-Shirt springt von einer blauen Rutsche auf einem Spielplatz.
Dieses Kind hlt rote, weie und blaue Ballons.
Ein DJ dreht Platten in einem Klub voller Leute.
Zwei Kinder rennen an einem Dinosaurier in einem Wald vorbei.
Drei Leute, zwei Mnner und eine Frau, fahren in einer Parade Fahrrad.
Mehrere uniformierte Mnner, die Fahnen und Gewehre tragen, fhren einen Teil einer Parade durch eine kleine Stadtstrae.
Eine langhaarige Frau mit Sonnenbrille tanzt mit zwei anderen Personen in einer Parade.
Ein Mann in Uniform winkt und lacht in die Kamera.
Leute sind in lila, blauen, grnen, gelben, orangen und roten Kostmen fr eine Parade gekleidet.
Sechs Leute spielen auf Xylophonen in einem abgedunkelten Raum.
Eine Musikkapelle zeigt Patriotismus und Talent sowohl durch ihre Kleidung als auch ihre Musik.
Dieser Herr fhrt seine Ein Mann Show auf.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd trgt eine Trommel whrend er mit zwei anderen Mnnern spricht.
Eine Frau hlt whrend einer Parade ein Friedenszeichen hoch.
Ein paar Leute mit einem Mdchen, das in der Mitte steht und ein grnes Kleid trgt.
Eine Gruppe Kinder bewundert Bilder, die im Sand liegen.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid mit Nackenband steht an einer Theke mit Schsseln voll Essen und schaut in ein anderes Zimmer.
Ein Mann springt ber einen Springbrunnen.
Ein Mann und ein kleines Mdchen mit einer rosa Schwimmweste und roten Schwimmhilfen schwimmen.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem kleinen Kind in einem Pool.
Ein Mann mit Brille und in einem grnen Hemd sitzt auf einem Schreibtisch.
Ein Mann taucht in einem Schwimmbad eines Hotels.
Eine Asiatin rennt auf einem felsigen Weg.
Eine Frau nhert sich einem Klippenrand.
Ein Mann mit grner Brille macht ein Kunststck auf seinem Skateboard.
Eine Luferin in einem Rennen.
Ein Typ hat sein Hemd ausgezogen und man sieht ein Stck seiner Unterhose von Calvin Klein wenn er neben einem anderen Typ in einem weien Hemd, schwarzen Rock und schwarzen Leggings, hergeht.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem Rad und vollfhrt einen sehr hohen Sprung.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit Buchstaben, die aus wattiertem Stoff hergestellt sind, auf dem Boden.
Eine Person springt von einem Kai ins Wasser.
Eine Polizistin steht neben einer Frau, die wie der Joker aus Batman gekleidet ist.
Zwei Leute gehen ber ein Schneefeld.
Zwei Leute kmpfen in einer Art Karate gegeneinander, beide tragen typisches weies Outfit mit schwarzen Grteln.
Bill Cunningham in den Straen von New York City.
Ein Jongleur und ein Junge mit einem Zylinder und einem Schwert stehen vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein schwarzhaariger Mann und ein kleiner Junge nehmen Schraubenzieher um an einer Fenstertr zu arbeiten.
Ein Kind macht ein Kunststck auf einem Skateboard auf einer Brcke.
Ein Mann nimmt an einem BMX Rennen teil.
Drei Leute gehen an einer Anzahl verschiedener Warnkegel auf einem Brgersteig vorbei.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem grauen und roten Hemd zieht an einem Seil.
Ein Mann in wei gekleidet, mit Schienbeinschonern, schwingt den Schlger in einem Kricketspiel.
Eine Gruppe von drei Hunden luft durch den Schnee.
Eine Gruppe Leute hilft einander um eine weie Leinwand runter zu nehmen.
Ein Mann in wei steht vor einem Grill.
Ein Mdchen mit braunen, lockigen Haaren benutzt eine blaue mobile Spielkonsole in einem Zimmer.
Ein Vater und seine Tochter werfen Steine in einen kleinen Bach.
Ein Mann und ein kleiner Junge sind im Freien und machen vom Radfahren eine Pause.
Eine Person spielt Klavier, das ein Bild von einer Meerjungfrau auf der Seite hat.
Ein Flugzeug fliegt ber die Berge und versucht ein Feuer zu lschen.
Zwei Leute ziehen ein gelbes Flo in den Fluss.
Eine Gruppe Leute in grnen Hemden schieben in einer Parade eine Kanone.
Ein Skateboardfahrer mit freiem Oberkrper greift nach seinem Brett in der Luft.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Jungen sitzt auf Felsen neben einem Wasserfall.
Junge erwachsene versammeln sich in der Nhe eines hellen Lichts.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit kurzen Haaren webt an einem Webstuhl.
Eine Frau in einem orangen Hemd winkt.
Ein Ausrufer einer Kleinvorstellung auf einer kleinen Bhne auf dem Brgersteig, versucht Zuschauer anzulocken.
Eine blonde Frau mit einem roten Rucksack im Schnee.
Zwei Leute sitzen auf Bnken und sehen sich an.
Ein Mann fhrt ein rotes Fahrrad.
Die Leute in weier und kastanienbrauner Kleidung sind in einem Holzgebude.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille benutzt einen groen metallenen Grill.
Eine Gruppe Kinder schwenkt ein groes Tuch hoch und runter.
Whrend mehrere Leute hinter ihnen vorbeigehen, zeichnen ein Mann und eine Frau auf einem Brgersteig.
Zwei Mdchen prallen whrend eines schnellen Rennens in dem man eine Fahne fangen muss, zusammen.
Ein molliges, rothaariges Kind schwingt den Schlger gegen einen Ball auf einem Abschlag.
Ein Mann, der ein rotes Hemd trgt, geht an einem Fahrrad vorbei.
Der Schlagzeuger spielt auf den Trommeln auf einem Freiluftkonzert.
Eine Frau mit Hut fhrt einen kleinen Hund durch einen Hindernisparkour.
Zwei Kerle spielen Ball und ziehen Grimassen.
Eine Frau bekommt einen stylistischen Haarschnitt von einer Haarstylistin.
Zwei gleichausehende braune Hunde halten zusammen ein weies Spielzeug whrend sie schwimmen.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem gelben Oberteil und einem mit Blumen bedruckten Rock steht auf einer Decke und beit in ein Spielzeug.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Hemd hlt einen weien Hut, whrend sie auf einer Decke unter einem Baum sitzt.
Ein Hund springt hoch nach einem Ball und ein anderer Hund wartet derweil unten im Gras.
Ein Mann macht einen Salto ins Wasser wo eine Dame auf ihn wartet.
Ein Fahrradfahrer mit Sturzhelm fhrt eine steile Rampe hinunter.
Ein Mann mit dunklen Haaren und einem Bart isst knuspriges Essen und trinkt Kaffee.
Ein Mann mit Inlinern fhrt eine Zementmauer herunter.
Ein Junge zieht eine Grimasse whrend er in seinem Autositz sitzt.
Zwei Mdchen treten sich in Kampfsportanzgen gekleidet, gegenseitig.
Ein Mann hlt eine Tasche als er ein langes Treppenhaus hinabsteigt.
Eine Gruppe von Kollegeschlern versammeln sich um Texas hold em Pot zu spielen.
Ein Mann hockt sich hin ud versucht irgendeine Maschine zu benutzen.
Ein kleiner brunlicher Hund rennt durch den Schnee.
Eine Frau und zwei Kinder stehen vor Pflanzen.
Zwei Kinder und ein Mann sehen ins Gras neben einem See.
Ein Junge hlt einen roten Schirm auf einem matschigen Hof. 
Ein junger Mann in einem blauen Hemd geht an einem weien LKW auf einer Baustelle vorbei.
Ein Mann in Jeans sucht auf der Ladeflche seines LKW nach etwas.
Eine Gruppe Leute sieht einem Mann zu, der auf ein Whiteboard deutet.
Ein blonder kleiner Junge steht an einem Zaun.
Ein Mann geht in einem groen, gelb und blauen Heiluftballon, der auf dem Boden steht, herum.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem Schild mit Schneeflocke whrend ein anderer, der ein Abzeichen und Kopfhrer trgt, steht.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem Fluss Wasserski, eine groe Mauer ist im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit einer Gitarre spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Menschenmenge steht auf einer Brcke ber einem Gewsser, Stadtgebude sind im Hintergrund.
Ein klatzkpfiger Mann mit freiem Oberkrper klettert an Felsen.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Dach und trocknet Kleidung ber den Dchern von mehreren Steinhusern.
Ein Mann und ein Junge tragen im Wasser Schwimmwesten und posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann macht ein Bild von einem Fahrradfahrer, der ein Kunststck in der Luft vorfhrt.
Ein Vogel hebt umgeben von groen Felsen ab.
Zwei Frauen sitzen und arbeiten an einem knstlerischen Teppich.
Ein Kind tritt in die Luft bei einer Sportveranstaltung im Freien.
Der weie Kranich sucht in einem Teich nach Futter.
Ein Junge posiert mit je einer Metallkelle in jeder Hand.
Zwei Kinder in Jacken gehen einen Feldweg herunter und tragen Blumen.
Ein Boot treibt im Wasser.
Drei Leute ziehen auf einem Hang an einem Seil.
Eine Gruppe von Mttern und jungen Frauen geht mit ihren Kindern spazieren.
Ein Tennisspieler springt bei der Vorbereitung einen Ball zurckzuschlagen in die Luft.
Ein kleines Mdchen fhrt sein Fahrrad auf einem Feldweg.
Eine Gruppe Kinder auf einem Brgersteig an zwei Krgen.
Der Mann im Zimmer trgt eine Robe.
Ein Mann springt auf einem Gelnder eines Treppenhauses im Freien.
Eine Frau mit einem bunten Schal geht im Freien spazieren.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf einer Holzbank am Uferrand.
Eine Person macht eine Radkunststck in einem Skatepark.
Eine Dame, die eine rote Brille und ein Blumenhemd trgt, spricht zu Fahrgsten in einem Bus.
Ein Junge steckt ein Krokodilstofftier aus dem Fenster eines Campingbusses.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen Rcken an Rcken auf einer Bank drauen vor einer Schaufensterfront.
Ein Mann geht an Brenmark Tools &amp; Verbindungselemente vorbei.
Ein lterer Mann in einem grauen Hemd steht an einem Gebude, wo Fleisch drauen zum Trocknen hngt.
Eine Familie sitzt in einem Park whrend Vgel herumfliegen.
Der Hund rennt neben den zusammenbrechenden Wellen des Meeres.
Ein Mann mit Cowboyhut reitet auf einem Pferd um ein Fass.
Drei Mnner arbeiten drauen in der Sonne.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Hemd singt auf der Bhne.
Mnner fahren ein Radrennen auf der Strae.
Zwei Herren in Smokings spielen Keyboard und Gitarre.
Ein Baby und ein Zweijhriges liegen auf dem Boden unter einem Spielmobile.
Ein Mdchen in bunt gestreiften Hosen putzt ihre Zhne neben einem weien Sofa.
In einem UFC-Spiel hat ein Kmpfer einen anderen auf den Boden gedrckt und will ihn gerade mit seiner linken Hand schlagen.
Jemand fhrt auf einem Motorschlitten und ein Reifen platzt.
Ein Mann, der eine Glatze bekommt, trgt blau und fhrt auf einem Einrad auf einer Pflasterstrae.
Ein Musiker und eine Dame mit brauen Haaren wollen singen.
Ein Mann mit Gesichtsbemalung wie ein Clown, hlt eine Ukulele und eine Mundharmonika.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lachen whrend sie eine Auszeichnung halten. 
Der Mann macht eine Wurfbewegung und steht dabei am Ufer.
Zwei Boxer schlagen einander zur gleichen Zeit ins Gesicht.
Eine Frau rennt mit einem Hund ber eine Wiese mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe Leute reisen in einem kleinen Holzboot.
Da ist eine Frau, die ein Baby hlt, zusammen mit einem Mann mit einer Tasche auf der Save the Children steht.
Ein Junge sitzt in einem Boot mit zwei Fahnen.
Ein kleines Kind spielt Videospiele auf einem Nintendo DS.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke hlt einen gelben Gegenstand hoch.
Der Mann mit exzentrischen Kleidung und Haaren posiert in einem Laden.
Eine Gruppe Kinder sitzt auf dem Fahrzeug, das Frog Hopper heit.
Eine Gruppe von vier Freunden, einer mit freiem Oberkrper, hpfen vor Freude auf einem Kai.
Ein Kerl fhrt in einem Go-Cart in der Strae.
Einem Mann platzt der Reifen eines Rads auf einem steinigen Strand.
Ein Mann schlft in einem Stuhl auf einem Brgersteig in New York City.
Ein Mann fhrt in einem Skateboardpark, der vllig mit Graffiti bemalt ist, Skateboard.
Viele Leute sitzen in einem mexikanischen Restaurant.
Leute gehen durch einen Garten in der Mitte der Stadt spazieren.
Eine junge Frau singt und spielt Gitarre bei einer Vorfhrung.
Eine Gruppe Leute reitet auf Kamelen mit roten Sattelbezgen an einem sandigen Ufer entlang, und drei andere Leute gehen zu Fu.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosa Mantel wirft Bltter in die Luft.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Arbeitern versammelt sich um Bsche neben einem Schild von McDonalds.
Eine Frau reitet auf einer Welle mit einem Surfbrett.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank und schauen sich einen Springbrunnen an.
Ein Skateboardfahrer in schwarzer Kleidung springt ber eine Bank.
Ein Kai ber dem Wasser mit einer Palme am Ende und fnf Booten whrend der Dmmerung.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein Mdchen und eine Frau gehen durch eine Strae und sind kurz davor an einer Telefonzelle vorbeizukommen.
Ein Mann spielt Dudelsack.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt im Wald in Wasser.
Dieser Junge, der ein rotes Hemd und blaue Shorts trgt, rennt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd spielt ein einzigartiges Instrument, das Wasser verspritzt.
Eine Frau kocht in einer Hauskche.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem Hut und Sandalen sitzt im Gras.
Ein Fahrradfahrer macht einen Salto in der Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge rutscht eine blau und rote Rutsche herunter.
Ein kleines Mdchen hpft auf einem Spielplatz durch die Luft.
Zwei Kinder und ein schwarzer Hund spielen drauen im Schnee.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem weien Halsband plantscht im Wasser.
Ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt sitzt auf einem Bett und starrt etwas mit Verwunderung an.
Ein Kind steckt einen Apfel in seinen Mund.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen whrend sie an dem Rad eines blauen Fahrzeugs arbeiten.
Eine Gruppe afroamerikanischen Mdchen sitzt zusammen.
Ein einzelner Spieler aus dem roten Team bricht durch zwei Spieler des schwarzen Teams um den Ball zu schlagen.
Die Dame bewirbt ihre Restaurantprodukte auf der Strae.
Ein Mann in einem Rollstuhl spricht mit ein paar Frauen auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Tisch und arbeitet an einem Computer.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut und Brille greift in eine Schssel, die auf einem Tisch, worauf zahlreiche Schsseln sind, steht.
Ein Mann hlt ein Baby und sitzt auf einem Felsen im Freien.
Ein Mann mit einem orangen Schutzhelm und orangefarbenem Schutzanzug hngt an einem Gebude herunter und putzt einen Teil davon.
Ein Arbeiter hngt von einem hohen Gebude herunter und berblickt den Verkehr unten.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Hemd und orangen Helm hngt in der Luft.
Ein Baby wird in einem Schaumbad von einer Frau in einem blauen Hemd, gehalten.
Ein Mann in orange hngt an einem Kabel und arbeitet etwas an einem Gebude.
Zwei Leute essen in einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann und eine Frau bewundern ein leuchtend rotes Motorrad, das auen vor einem Restaurant geparkt ist.
Ein kleines Kind fhrt ein schmutziges Rad auf einem Pfad.
Zwei Erwachsene und zwei Jungen posieren vor Bergen und einem See im Hintergrund.
Ein Corgi luft einen Pfad im Wald herunter.
Einkufer kaufen Produkte von einem geschftigen Lebensmittelladen in Asien.
Ein Mdchen wird von einer Meereswelle bespritzt.
Eine Frau, die mit ihrem Rcken zum Betrachter steht, hat ein Plschtier in ihrer Kapuze.
Ein Mann lehrt einem Kleinkind wie man die Kette eines Fahrrads repariert.
Zwei kleine Jungen und ein Mdchen behandeln sich grob auf einer Wiese, die mit trockenem Laub bedeckt ist.
Ein Hund trampelt durch dunkelgrnes Wasser.
Ein Mann Hockt und malt mit Sprhfarbe ein Auge und einen Apfel, dabei trgt er Handschuhe.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in Tarnhosen beim Rennen.
Junge Mnner beim Fuballspielen, von denen ein Mann von einem anderen gefault wurde.
Ein braun und weier Hund springt ber eine lila und weie Hrde.
Eine Gruppe Leute kommt an einem Wandbild in einer stdtischen Gegend zusammen.
Ein Kaufhausangestellter wartet auf Kunden.
Ein brtiger Mann und ein glatzkpfiger Mann tragen Preise auf einem Jahrmarkt.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Hemd am Computer.
Ein schwarzer Hund sieht nahe einem Kai in trbes Wasser.
Eine Frau und ein Pferd springen ber ein Miniaturgebude.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Unterhemd isst einen Hotdog mit Chilli und Kse.
Ein Mann packt eine Khltasche, die mit Essen gefllt ist, aus.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Unterhemd sitzt an einem Tisch.
Ein junger Mann schaut auf einen Stock.
Ein kleines Mdchen in blauen kurzen Jeanshosen greift nach der Spitze einer Bruchsteinmauer.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch, sie trgt ein schwarzes Hemd.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd und mit einem schwarzen Hut auf einem Pfad in der Wildnis.
Ein Mann hockt neben einem kleinen Mdchen auf dem Brgersteig.
Ein kleiner Junge lchelt als er einen blauen Schirm ber sich hlt.
Eine Frau geht an einer groen Sandskulptur eines Tintenfischs am Strand vorbei.
Zwei Frauen stehen neben einander und scheinen ruhig zu sein.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einem Felsen neben einem Wasserfall.
Zwei Kinder in Shorts klettern oben auf einem Klettergerst.
Eine Familie besucht als Touristen einen Wald.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Rucksack ber seinen Schultern wandert durch einen Wald.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht auf einem Pfad.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper mit Ttowierungen arbeitet auf einem Gerst drauen vor einem Fenster.
Ein Junge auf einer Terrasse mit einem roten Eimer auf seinem Kopf.
Ein weier Vogel fliegt ber der Wasseroberflche.
Drei Frauen, die traditionelle Kleidung tragen, legen letzte Hand an ihre Kleidung.
Drei Mnner in Anzgen stehen vor Schildern, die besagen: Ford, Auto Alliance und Mazda.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann lchelt, whrend er sich vorbereitet, einen Billiardball zu stoen.
Eine junge Dame, die ein rotes Hemd trgt, fhrt in ihrem Rollstuhl.
Mehrere Frauen tanzen und hpfen herum.
Eine Gruppe Leute geniet das Tanzen in einem Raum.
Ein Mdchen in einem Rollstuhl hat ein rot und weies Hemd an und rote Punkte berall im Gesicht.
Ein Mann in roter Jacke und kniehohen Stiefeln beim Fliegenfischen.
Eine Mutter und ihre Tochter teilen sich ein Eis.
Eine Person in einer grauen Jacke mit einer schwarzen Aufschrift schaut zurck ber einen nahen Fluss und eine Brcke.
Zwei Kinder schaukeln auf einem Spielplatz.
Die Rugbyspieler in rot ringen die Spieler in gelb zu Boden.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd sitzt neben einer Frau, die Gitarre spielt.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht unter einem Aufbau und lchelt und tanzt.
Ein verzerrtes Bild von einem spielenden Hund in einem Blumenfeld.
Ein Mann skatet Treppen herunter.
Mehrere Rehe springen ber einen Zaun auf ein freies Feld.
Eine Person mit Helm fllt gerade von einem silberfarbenen Roller.
Eine Frau mit einem grnen Schal um ihren Kopf.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd sieht in seine Gestasche.
Drei Erwachsene sitzen an einem Grill und essen.
Zwei Mnner setzen sich zum Lesen an einen Tisch mit Essen.
Mehrere Personen lesen in einem weien Restaurant die Speisekarten.
Der weie Pelikan fliegt ber das Meer.
Ein weier Mann mit Bart zieht grne Kleidung an.
Eine junge Person, die beim Ultimate Frisbee nach dem Sportgert hechtet.
Eine lilafarbene Person trgt ein Sieb aus Holz und Drahtgewebe.
Frauen am Strand kehren nach einem langen Tag zu ihrem Auto zurck.
Ein Junge im Sprung auf einem Fahrrad.
Eine Menschenmenge steht auf einem nassen Gehweg vor einem Bauschild.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Hemd trgt einen Blumenkorb.
Zwei medizinische Fachkrfte helfen einer kleinen alten Dame in einem Rollstuhl, whrend eine andere Dame zusieht.
Eine Frau in einem blauem Hemd spricht zu einer Gruppe von Kindern.
Die Frau im schwarzen Hemd verteilt Dokumente an die umstehenden Kinder.
Eine neben einer Waschmaschine stehende Frau hlt ein groes gepunktetes Bettlaken.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem blauen Helm streichelt ein Pferd.
Ein Mann bereitet sein Auto auf ein Rennen vor.
Zwei Mnner in weien Hemden stehen unter etwas, das wie ein groer schwarzer Regenschirm aussieht.
Vater und Sohn spielen im Schlafzimmer des Kindes Lego.
Eine junge Frau kmmert sich um die Fe der Person.
Einer lteren Frau wird der Blutdruck gemessen.
Zwei sich umarmende Frauen lcheln.
Eine Frau und drei Mnner posieren fr ein Foto.
Mehrere Lastwagen haben drauen fr eine Outdoor-Veranstaltung angehalten.
Zwei Mnner sitzen hinten auf einem Pickup-Truck.
Eine Frau in Kleidung aus der Kolonialzeit sitzt im Gras und liest einem jungen Mdchen etwas vor.
Ein Mann wartet einen rot-weien Hot Rod.
Ein Rennteam in schwarzen T-Shirts wartet sein rot-weies Auto.
Ein altmodisches Auto kommt die Strae herunter.
Ein ttowierter Mann mit einem rmellosen Frack balanciert vor einem Gebude ein Einrad auf seinem Kinn.
Eine Boxencrew bereitet ein Fahrzeug fr das Rennen vor.
Eine Gruppe Mnner steht beim Dragster-Rennen um ein rot-weies Auto herum.
Ein Team steht um seinen Dragster herum.
Ein Mann mit Sonnebrille sitzt in einem Rennauto mit offenem Motor.
Rotes Boot mit dem Namen GRAHAM flitzt ber das Wasser.
Ein Rennauto rast davon, whrend sich ein Mann die Ohren zuhlt.
Ein schnes rot-weies Auto wird an einer Rennstrecke gepflegt.
Ein weier Mann mit schwarzem Hut und blauem Hemd sitzt auf einem Zaun und spielt Gitarre.
Eine Gruppe Inder betet auf einer Terrasse am Wasser.
Ein Kerl spielt auf der Strae Violine und vier Frauen hren ihm zu.
Ein Mann in Hosen spielt auf einer Bhne Gitarre.
Eine mittelgroe Menschengruppe protestiert dafr, die Streitkrfte heimzuholen.
Eine durchtrainierte Frau springt mit einem Stabhochsprungstab ber eine Bar.
Zwei Mnner kochen gemeinsam mit einer Metallschssel nahe einer Hngepflanze.
Ein Mann liegt neben einem kleinen See im Gras.
Windhunde laufen auf einer Rennbahn und Nr. 8 ist in Fhrung.
Der Mann fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad die Ziegelwand hoch.
Jungen aus gegnerischen Mannschaften spielen Fuball.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Badehosen gehen.
Ein Surfer reitet auf einer groen Welle im Meer.
Eine Frau spielt im Freien Violine.
Ein kleiner braun-weier Hund spielt mit dem Sprinkler im Gras.
Ein kleiner hellhutiger Junge sitzt auf einem Spielzeugpferd auf einem Spielplatz.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute fhrt mit einem Fahrgeschft.
Mehrere altmodische Autos sind zusammen geparkt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen an einem roten Auto mit einer silberfarbenen Verzierung auf der Motorhaube vorbei.
Menschen mit groen kastanienbraunen Bchern singen.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund springt im Hof durch das Wasser einer Sprinkleranlage.
Eine Menschenmenge bei einer Show.
Eine groe Gruppe Jugendlicher in einem kleinen Unterhaltungsbereich.
Zwei Personen in Karateanzgen kmpfen gegeneinander.
Fnf junge Mnner auf drei Flen treiben in einem Gewsser.
Drachen auf einer Vorrichtung mit Rdern auf einem Feld.
Eine groe Gruppe radfahrender Mnner bei einem Radrennen.
Frau und Mann sitzen neben ihrem grnen Lastwagen.
Ein Baseballspieler schlgt einen Ball mit seinem Schlger hoch in die Luft.
Ein schwarzer Hund versucht, sich mit einem braunen Hund zu paaren.
Ein Mann mit Brille und Blazer steht vor einer Plakatwand.
Eine Frau auf dem Brgersteig bereitet sich darauf vor, die Strae zu berqueren.
Eine Frau in einer weien Hemdbluse steht neben einem Gwan Multipurpose Centre-Schild.
Eine schon etwas ltere Frau sitzt weinend in einem Fenster.
Eine Frau mit einem farbenfrohen Tuch auf dem Kopf arbeitet mit einer Nhmaschine.
Vier Hunde tollen spielend im Freien herum.
Der Mann im hellen Hemd balanciert ein Messer auf seinem Arm.
Ein Mann hebt einen Jungen hoch.
Mnner, es ist noch ein weiter Weg bis nach Hause. Bereiten wir uns vor!
Eine Frau breitet Papiere auf einem Tisch aus.
Ein langhaariger Mann spielt auf einer Akustikgitarrre.
Ein Mann steht wartend neben seinem Stand.
Der Mann setzt sich und geniet sein Bier.
Zwei Kampfsportler treten gegeneinander an.
Eine Frau im schwarzen Kleis hlt eine Sonnenbrille in der Hand.
Ein Mann macht einen einndigen Handstand auf einer Skateboard-Rampe.
Zwei Frauen stehen bei einer Tr.
Ein Erwachsener und ein Kind gehen an einem Gebude in zeitgenssischem Stil vorbei.
Ein kleines Mdchen betrachtet eine Geburtstagstorte, whrend ein Mann ein Baby hlt.
Ein Aisate grillt Fleisch.
Eine Asiatin putzt sich vor einem Spiegel die Zhne.
Ein Taucher posiert unter Wasser fr ein Foto und hlt dabei eine groe Lampe.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Hut, einer blauen Hemdbluse und einem gelben Rock malt ein Bild.
Ein Fahrradfahrer balanciert mit seinem Fahrrad auf einer Schiene.
Eine Frau sitzt lesend auf der Schwelle einer Holztr.
Jemand in einem Astronautenanzug wird ins Wasser abgelassen.
Das kleine Mdchen mit dem gelben Hut ist am Strand bis zur Taille im Sand eingegraben.
Eine Frau lacht, whrend ihr Mann seinen Arm um sie gelegt hat.
Ein Mann in einem silberfarbenen Auto telefoniert am Handy und ein anderer Mann steht auf dem Brgersteig.
Vier Personen stehen auf einem Boot auf dem See.
Ein Mann, eine Frau und ein weiterer Mann gehen ber ein grasbewachsenes Feld.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd zeigt mit ausgestrecktem Arm auf einen Hai.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt lachend auf einem Spielzeugfahrrad.
Eine Gruppe Menschen betritt ein Sportstadion.
Ein Pitcher mit rotem Hemd und weier Hose steht auf dem Hgel.
Ein Pitcher steht auf dem Hgel.
Billy Joe, der Snger der Band Green Day, singt auf der Bhne ein Lied und im Hintergrund steht ein Junge.
Vier Personen stehen auf einem Flo, das auf dem Wasser dahingleitet.
Eine Menschenschlange verlsst den Brgersteig und steigt in einen gelben Schulbus.
Ein Blick aus den oberen Rngen hinunter ins Baseballstadion.
Ein Mann mit roter Kappe, gelbem Hemd und schwarzer kurzer Hose sieht hinunter auf ein Stadion.
Ein Unterhaltungsknstler macht Ballontiere fr Kinder.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille hrt Musik ber einen Walkman und raucht eine Zigarette.
Eine Frau und ein Kind sitzen auf einem hohen Baum mit starken sten.
Ein kleines Kind sieht sich einen Kakteengarten an.
Ein orangefarbener Hund steht in einer lndlichen Gegend in der Nhe einiger Pfosten und blickt ber die Schulter.
Eine Frau mit rotem Schal, weier Hemdbluse und brauner kurzer Hose vor Bcherregalen macht vor der Kamera ein Zeichen, still zu sein.
Mann mit Hut spielt voller Begeisterung Geige auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Baby in einer Babyschale mit einer roten Wollmtze, auf der Love steht.
Ein Bild eines Brgersteigs zwischen einer Strae und Gebuden.
Eine essende Frau an einem Tisch und Passanten.
Kinder in farbenfrohen rot-, wei- und goldfarbenen Kostmen tanzen bei einer Parade.
Zwei kleine Mdchen - eines auf dem Boden und eines im oberen Bett  prsentieren stolz ihr Etagenbett, das wie ein Prinzessinenschloss aussieht.
Drei dunkelhutige Mnner, von denen zwei kein Hemd anhaben, befinden sich auf einer Grasflche mit vereinzelten Bumen um sie herum.
Eine Gruppe Touristen an einem Kai mit dem Schiff Evergreen im Hintergrund.
Ein Krieger in Stammeskleidung.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem dunkelblauen Hut schlft auf einer Bank am Bahnhof.
Groes Ziegelgebude mit Bauarbeitern und schwerem Baugert.
Ein lterer Mann mit langem weien Bart und Stiefeln grbt Lehm fr einen Garten aus.
Eine Frau tritt auf einem weien Pferd in einem Reitwettbewerb an.
Eine Gruppe Kinder spielt Steck dem Esel den Schwanz an.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem blauen T-Shirt wirft einen Football.
Ein Koch packt im Freien kleines grnes Gemse aus.
Zwei Mnner stehen in einem elektrischen Auenfahrstuhl.
Fnf Mnner in schwarzer und gelber Kleidung schauen nach oben und eine Frau mit einem Fahrrad steht hinter ihnen.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Steiger.
Ein afrikanischer Eingeborener schaut in die Ferne.
Zwei Mnner in grner und schwarzer Kleidung stehen hoch oben im Personenkorb eines Krans.
Ein Junge mit blauen Socken, roter Hose und einem T-Shirt mit Aufdruck springt in einem Haus herum.
Ein Mann mit schwarz-gelben Karnevalsfedern spielt Trommel.
Zwei Kinder mit Schwimmflgeln spielen im Freien bei einigen Bumen.
Ein Mann mit Baseballmtze fhrt Skateboard.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einem Felsen am Ufer des Ozeans.
Bauarbeiter gehen ihrer Arbeit nach, whrend Passanten vorbeigehen.
Ein Mdchen in einem blau- und rosafarbenen Badeanzug wirft Steine in einen See.
Kche in einer Pizzeria berprfen den Herd.
Ein Mann mit lilafarbenem Hemd und schwarzer Hose steht in einem Stadtpark und hlt eine Kamera.
Ein Mann mit Trinkbecher spricht mit einem anderen Mann.
Ein Kind in einem T-Shirt spielt in einem Blumenbeet.
Ein Kind lacht und entkoppelt einen kleinen Zug.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd trgt ein kleines Kind.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt eine Fledermaus an seine Stirn und dreht sich im Kreis.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen sitzen in Sthlen auf einer Gartenterrasse.
Zwei Mdchen trinken etwas auf einer Party.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und mit einem Gips raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein groer Mann auf einer Feier mit einem Getrnk in der rechten Hand.
Ein Mann lacht mit einem Bier in der Hand in die Kamera.
Ein Mann steht bei einem Gebude.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer rosafarbenen Bluse sitzt am Tisch und trinkt einen Milchshake.
Zwei Frauen trainieren am Strand.
Zwei Wanderer berqueren einen Hang mit vereinzelten Struchern.
Ein Junge in einem grnen T-Shirt ber etwas Blauem.
Zwei alte brtige Mnner mit gerunzelter Stirn schauen in die Ferne.
Eine Menschenmenge auf einem Fest.
Zwei Beamte stehen an einer Strae.
Das Kind im Superman-T-Shirt lacht.
Ein kleines Mdchen im Badeanzug isst im Wasser eine Wassermelone.
Zwei Frauen amsieren sich auf einer Party.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Schutzhelm wirft ste in einen Holzhcksler.
Freunde feiern auf einer Party.
Eine Frau in einer dunklen Hemdbluse hlt auf einer Party den Ausschnitt eines Fotos hoch.
Ein Mann mit einem Bier in der Hand lchelt mit geschlossenen Augen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau vor einem Spiegel. Sie lchelt, whrend er ihre Wange ksst.
Eine betrunken aussehende Frau umarmt einen betrunken aussehenden Mann.
Zwei College-Jungen posieren nachts auf einer Party fr ein Foto.
Eine Person arbeitet an einer Maschine.
Eine junge Person schlgt einen Ball in einem Baseballspiel.
Eine Menschenschlange geht im Gnsemarsch eine Treppe hinauf.
Zuschauer lauschen einem Chor.
Diese Menschen warten in einer Schlange an einer Treppe.
Mann im schwarzen Smoking singt sein Solo.
Eine ltere Frau in bunten Kleidern sitzt neben einem Haufen Erdnsse.
Eine Person vollfhrt in der Luft einen Trick auf einem Gelndemotorrad.
Eine blonde Frau und ein Mann in Jeans sitzen im Freien auf einer Bank.
Eine Person geht vor dem blauen Himmel einen weien Sandhgel hinauf.
Viele junge Leute sitzen und liegen auf Decken auf einem Feld.
Ein brauner flauschiger Hund liegt mit seinem grnen Ball im Schnee.
Mehrere Mnner spielen Hockey.
Eine Frau in einer braunen Hemdbluse kniet auf der Strae.
Ein kleines Kind nimmt ein kleines Teil einer Puppe.
Im Wasser spielende Kinder betrachten ein riesiges Bild des Gesichts einer Person.
Ein Mann fhrt Ski mit Bergen im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Pullover singt fr einen Mann im Anzug.
Ein Mann mit Kopfhrern steht vor einem Poster.
Ein Mdchen mit Luftballons in verschiedenen Farben steht mitten in einer Menschenmenge.
Farbenfrohe Kayaks gleiten ber das Wasser.
Ein blonder Junge springt auf einer Veranda im Hof in die Luft.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd beugt sich vor einem leerstehenden Gebude vornber.
Drei Mdchen am Strand machen Rckwrtssaltos.
Ein blondes Baby sitzt in seinem Stuhl und wird gefttert.
Ein Mann mit offenem Hemd und Brille hlt ein Mikrophon und ein anderer Mann mit Melone und Anzug spielt mit einem Bogen auf einem Instrument.
Ein kleines Kind mit vielen Luftballons.
Ein Junge geniet das Surfen bei tief stehender Sonne.
Ein Mann klettert eine Felsklippe hinauf.
Zwei Leute mit Fahrrdern halten an, um die Kette an einem der Fahrrder zu reparieren.
Eine Menschenmenge auf einem kleinen Platz.
Ein Kleinkind untersucht beim Baden den Schaum in seiner Hand.
Ein Bauarbeiter verursacht beim Arbeiten eine Staubwolke.
Eine braunhaarige Frau lackiert ihren Zehennagel rot.
Eine Gruppe Menschen fhrt ein Theaterstck auf.
Die Front eines sehr kleinen Restaurants bei Nacht.
Ein Junge fttert ein Reh hinter einem Zaun mit Sellerie.
Zwei Frauen sitzen vor ihren Tischen und verkaufen Fisch am Meeresstrand.
Ein Vater sieht mit seinem Sohn einem Mann beim Schweien an einer Statue zu.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und schnitzt an einer von einem Baumstamm gesttzten Statue.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einem Spielplatz auf einem Schaukelspielzeug.
Mehrere Mnner in silberfarbenen Anzgen fahren auf Fahrrdern ber eine Strae.
Eine Afrikanerin hlt auf einem Feld ein Kind.
Eine Kellnerin balanciert ein Tablett mit einer Hand.
Ein Mdchen mit Locken ist fasziniert von einem Schmetterling.
Ein Mdchen mit rosa Haaren und neonfarbener Kleidung spielt mit einem rosa Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in einer Einrichtung.
Ein Mann hinter einem Wagen bietet diverse Esswaren zum Verkauf an.
Eine Frau wirft mit Dolchen auf eine Karotte.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sehen sich Bilder in einem Tattoo-Studio an.
Eine Frau in einem gelb-schwarzen Outfit fhrt Ski.
Ein uniformierter Mann lehnt sich aus dem Fenster des Kopiloten eines Flugzeugs einer groen amerikanischen Fluglinie, um das Kockpitfenster zu putzen.
Zwei sportliche Mnner und zwei sportliche Frauen laufen durch einen Park.
Ein Foto mit Zuschauern, die Orchestermitgliedern beim Geigespielen zusehen.
Zwei Frauen schaukeln in einem Fahrgeschft.
Mehrere Frauen lauschen dem Vortrag einer Frau im Laborkittel.
Zwei Personen beim Kehren.
Mehrere Frauen in langen weien Rcken binden sich Taschentcher um die Kpfe.
Ein Kind in Unterwsche beim Staubsaugen.
Eine brnette Frau in einem braunen Langarmhemd trgt Rouge auf ihre Wangen auf.
Eine Gruppe trinkender und sich unterhaltender Menschen.
Zwei Mnner seilen sich vor einer groen Menschenmenge von einem Gebude ab.
Kinder fllen ihre Wasserpistolen aus einem Eimer nahe einer Schaukel.
Vier Frauen in bauchfreien Outfits lassen ein Leintuch in der Luft flattern.
Zwei Tnzer sitzen bei dramatischer Beleuchtung auf der Bhne.
Der Junge in der schwarzen und roten Badehose springt ins Wasser.
Fnf Kinder spazieren an einem Sandstrand entlang.
Ein kleines Kind in grau und orange zwinkert und hlt Besteck in der Hand.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit Schutzbrille bearbeitet eine Steinskulptur.
Ein kleiner Junge planscht in einem aufblasbaren Pool mit einer grnen Rutsche im Hintergrund.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einem Spielplatz auf einer Schaukel.
Eine Frau im schwarzen zweiteiligen Badeanzug springt ins grne Wasser.
Ein Junge am Ende einer Rutsche.
Ein Mann im blauen Overall und mit einem blauen Hut fhrt ein kleines Pferdefuhrwerk.
Ein Kleinkind schwingt an einer Stange auf einem Spielplatz.
Zwei alte Mnner mit Instrumenten; einer spielt Geige, der andere Akkordeon.
Obst- und Gemsestand mit zwei Mnnern im Hintergrund.
Eine Menschenmenge vesammelt sich von einem Kartenverkufer.
Zwei gehende Mdchen, die beide ein weies Shirt und blaue Shorts anhaben.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt im Sand mit Autos und im Hintergrund stehen Leute.
Ein Mann mit Bart und einem Bandana mit Totenkpfen darauf hlt eine Kamera.
Ein kleines Mdchen auf einer Hochzeit hlt einen Strau orangefarbener Blumen.
Eine Mutter hlt in einer Menschenmenge zwei Kinder an der Hand.
Zwei Frauen hinter einem Netz mit ihren Handys und zwei Mnner, die auf der anderen Seite des Netzes auf einer Betonplatte sitzen.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Blumen in der einen Hand und einem Korb mit Schleife in der anderen.
Zwei Jungs zeigen Tricks auf ihren Skateboards auf einer Skateboardanlage.
Bauarbeiter gehen auf dem Gehweg aneinander vorbei.
Zwei Mnner spielen Schach im Park.
Drei Mnner und zwei schwarze Hunde.
Zwei Bauarbeiter mit orangefarbenen Schutzhelmen stehen auf der Baustelle an der Autobahn.
Tanzende Teenager nehmen an einem Wettbewerb teil.
Ein kleines Mdchen im grnen Badeanzug wird in einem Springbrunnen nassgespritzt.
Irgendeine Feier in einer vermutlich afrikanischen Stadt.
Eine Zeitrafferaufnahme von einer Person, die in der Dunkelheit Lampen in einem Muster bewegt.
Drei Mnner, von denen einer auf sein Handy sieht.
Eine Band mit weien Hten und Handschuhen mit einem Stadion und Menschen im Hintergrund.
Zwei Mnner machen unerbittlich Kampfsport in einem Garten.
Ein Mann in einem dicken schwarzen Mantel mit einer Zeitung geht an einer Werbung fr Espresso vorbei.
Ein Mann schaut vom Balkon eines Steinbaus herunter.
Als Konfderierte gekleidete Jungen marschieren in einer Parade im Regen.
Auf einem belebten Platz herumgehende Menschen.
Ein junges Mdchen im rot-weien Kleid und mit Schuhen geht auf der Strae.
Drei Personen in grnen Federkostmen tanzen in einer festlichen Parade.
Ein lterer Herr verkauft von der Ladeflche seines Lastwagens Erzeugnisse, whrend eine Frau seine Produkte prft.
Ein sitzender und ein stehender Mann in Anzgen diskutieren miteinander, whrend sie auf ein ffentliches Transportmittel warten.
Vier Teenager sitzen nachts auf einer Bank.
Eine Gruppe Mnner geniet einen Tag beim Fischen.
Eine Menschengruppe steht in einem Raum neben einer Wand.
Ein junger Mann macht auf einer Skateboardanlage Sprnge auf seinem Fahrrad.
Ein Mdchen im lilafarbenen Kleid sitzt auf einem Mbelstck mit roten Kissen und lacht in die Kamera.
Ein Mann am Strand trgt eine Frau ber seiner Schulter.
Zwei Jungen errichten eine Art Vordach nahe dem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit Tarnhose hngt ein Moskitonetz auf.
Ein Mann mit Bart steht im Wasser neben einer Holzplattform.
Eine Frau mit Hut liest ihr Buch.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einem Ponton-Boot, halten Ruder und tragen Hte.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenhut liegt auf einem groen schwarzen Rohr.
Eine Frau in einem orangefarbenen Bikinioberteil massiert den Rcken eines Mannes.
Mann auf einem Flo im Wasser.
Ein Mann geniet die Sonne und die frische Luft beim Segeln.
Ein Mann im grnen T-Shirt fhrt mit dem Skateboard die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt im Badezimmer lachend in einer Badewanne.
Ein Mann kniet neben einer Maschine.
Ein Weier mit einem Bier in der Hand sitzt auf einem schwarzen Ballon in einem Park.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut kniet sich nieder, um Holz zu sgen.
Eine Frau mit Hut steht neben einem Auto mit einem Sofa und Schluchen auf dem Dach.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Sofa und liest ein Buch.
Jungen genieen einen Tag am Bach.
Ein grobschlchtiger, aber gut angezogener Mann ist in der warmen Sonne eingeschlafen.
Ein Mann zieht einen Teppich auf etwas, das wie ein Holzbrett aussieht, ber eine Untiefe im Wasser.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse und mit schwarzem Hinterteil.
Ein MMA-Kmpfer wirft den anderen bei einem Kampf auf die Matte.
Zwei Mnner kmpfen in einem MMA-Kampf.
Die glcklichen Jungvermhlten lachen und feiern, bevor sie die Hochzeitstorte anschneiden.
Lachende junge Menschen, die herumstehen.
Zwei junge Frauen in farbenfrohen Kostmen zeigen bei einem lokalen Fest in einem Schaukampf ihre Hula-Hoop-Knste.
Zwei Mnner spielen ein Spiel, whrend andere zusehen.
Zwei Personen, eine in einem karierten Hemd und die andere in einem einfarbigen Hemd, laufen auf einem Balkon.
Ein groer orangefarbener Bus hlt auf der Strae.
Ein Mann in abgeschnittenen Jeans und grnen Turnschuhen mit berschlagenen Beinen.
Ein schlafender Mann auf einem Sofa vor einem Glastisch.
Ein Mann hebt in den Bergen vor einem Hngegleiter eine Frau in die Luft.
Ein gehender Mann vor einem orangefarbenen und grnen Hintergrund.
Ein Mann greift nach einer Leiter mit seinen Fen in der Luft.
Drei Personen entspannen am Ufer eines Sees vor schneebedeckten Berggipfeln.
Eine Bauchtnzerin im rot-goldenen Kostm hat die Arme ber ihrem Kopf.
Ein Mann in einem roten und schwarzen Gewand sitzt auf einem Sprungbrett.
Ein Mann taucht pltzlich aus dem dunkelblauen Wasser auf und spritzt dabei Wasser in die Luft.
Ein Kind steht an einer Strae mit fahrenden Autos.
Drei Hunde spielen im Schnee.
Drei Hunde spielen vor der Kulisse einer Stadt im Schnee.
Ein als Clown verkleideter Mann versucht, einen langen Luftballon in eine bestimmte Form zu bringen.
Zwei Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Hemden leeren einen Mllcontainer.
Zahlreiche Personen machen Fotos mit Kameras.
Frau in rot und mit langen weien Socken kniet auf einem Tennisplatz.
Zwei junge Mnner in ungewhnlicher Kleidung hfpfen in einer Turnhalle.
Mehrere Menschen sitzen nachts vor einem Gebude.
Ein junges Mdchen steht vor einem Gewsser, hat die Hnde ber dem Kopf und lchelt.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Hut und Schal klettert ein hlzernes Klettergerst hinauf.
Drei Mnner in Kampfanzgen sitzen auf Ziegeln und im Hintergrund ist ein Baum zu sehen.
Ein gelber Hund luft einen Waldweg entlang.
Fnf Mnner in asiatisch anmutender Gewandung wickeln Kleidungsstcke um ihre Kpfe whrend sich im Hintergrund Menschen unterhalten.
Eine Frau am Strand trgt ein kleines Kind ins Wasser.
Eine Frau im rosafarbenen Bikini springt in einen Pool.
Ein Mdchen rutscht in ein kleines Wasserbecken.
Ein Forscher springt vor Freude nahe seinem Schneefahrrad am Rand eines groen Gewssers in einer schneebedeckten Umgebung.
Drei Damen unterhalten sich am Abend auf der Strae.
Ein Junge sitzt im Eingang eines Hauses in einem Slum.
Der Hund springt mit einem Stock im Maul ber den Baumstamm.
Zwei Personen mit Schutzhelmen und Sicherheitswesten arbeiten mit Kabeln in grasigem Gelnde.
Arbeiter verlegen neue Wasserrohre.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid steht alleine da und schaut in Richtung einer Stadt.
Eine Dame macht beim Kseschneiden ein lustiges Gesicht.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen verstecken sich im hohen Gras.
Eine blonde Frau mit hochgeschobener Sonnebrille.
Eine Mutter hlt in einer Kche einen Sugling auf dem Arm.
Ein lterer Junge hlt einen jngeren Jungen an den Ohren.
Ein Kindermdchen beobachtet die Kinder ihrer Nachbarn nach einem langen heien Tag in Las Vegas, Nevada.
Eine grau gekleidete Frau hlt ein pink angezogenes, kleines Mdchen.
Ein Asiate mit zum Gebet geneigten Kopf vor einer goldenen Statue.
Der Mann im grnen Hemd lchelt und hlt eine Axt.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Schreibtisch vor einem Computer und sieht sich eine Dokument an.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd fhrt sein Fahrrad nur auf dem Vorderrad.
Der Junge in grauer Kleidung liegt im Schnee und rastet.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten an einer Ziegelwand.
In einem Stadion mit roter Bestuhlung hlt eine Cheerleaderin ein Schild mit der Aufschrift ROCKS hoch.
Eine Turnerin bereitet sich auf ihre Turnbung vor.
Ein rothaariger Junge trgt die Uniform einer Musikkapelle und spielt vor der Musikkapelle sein Instrument.
Ein kleiner braun-schwarzer Hund luft mit aufgestellten Ohren.
Fnf junge Leute springen voller Freude am Strand des tropischen Ozeans herum.
Ein junges Mdchen wischt mit Mop und Eimer die Bden.
Zwei Frauen untersuchen nahe einem Bcherregal Farnbltter.
Ein Mann mit Arbeitskleidung zieht am Seil und im Hintergrund steht ein Lastwagen.
Ein Mann mit Werkzeuggrtel gibt Anweisungen auf einer Baustelle, auf der ein groes Objekt angehoben wird.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und singt.
Ein merkwrdig gekleideter Mann im karierten Rock und kniehohen schwarzen Stiefeln steht mitten auf einem belebten Platz.
Ein alter Mann spricht drauen in einer Menschenmenge mit zwei anderen Mnnern.
Ein dunkelhaariges Mdchen steht vor einer spielenden Musikgruppe.
Ein Mann und zwei Kinder gehen spazieren.
Ein Mann im roten Hemd auf einer Kanzel spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Ein junger Mann fhrt mit seinem Skateboard auf einem Gelnder.
Eine Frau steht an einem Podium und im Hintergrund luft eine Diavorfhrung.
Ein Mann spricht vor einer Klasse ber Folsure.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit blonden Haaren trgt ein Kleid und einen Hut auf dem Birthday Princess steht.
Vier Eisschnelllufer rasen in Eisschnelllauf-Anzgen und Helmen ber die Eisbahn.
Vier Eisschnelllufer liefern sich einen Wettkampf.
Eine Rednerin spricht ber GlamWiki.
Einige Menschen und ein Pferdefuhrwerk vor einem Restaurant.
Zwei Wanderer marschieren auf einem Weg durch den Wald.
Ein nacktes Baby mit geschlossenen Augen.
Ein junges Mdchen sitzt schreibend an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann mit Hut und einem blauen Mantel fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad an einem sonnigen Tag an einem Gao-Stand vorbei.
Ein Kind bedient einen Touchscreen-Computer in einem Geschft.
Eine Fau betrachtet ein Poster mit einem Gesicht und mehreren Lffeln darauf.
Frauen testen das Ron Negro Haarmaskottchen.
Personen testen eine Spieledemo auf einer Messe.
Ein Mann im roten Hemd und mit Jeans an einem Geldautomaten.
Drei Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Uniformen und mit weien Helmen arbeiten nahe einem Masten, wobei sich zwei der Arbeiter am Boden befinden und einer den Mast hinaufklettert.
Eine groe Menschenmenge sitzt an Tischen.
Ein Mann in einem olivefarbenen Hemd schreibt an einem Tisch im Caf eine Textnachricht auf seinem Handy.
Ein Mann mit roter Weste und schwarzer Fliege spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Ein lterer Herr demonstriert sein Knnen auf der singenden Sge.
Zwei Mnche gehen spazieren und sinnieren mglicherweise ber den Sinn des Lebens.
Dieser Mann betrachtet mit einem Pinsel in der Hand ein Gemlde.
Ein Mann mit einer groen roten Schssel geht auf einen braunen Esel zu.
Ein brtiger Mann sitzt vor einem Mikrophon und hlt eine Gitarre.
Ein Musiker macht nahe einem Baum Musik.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem Brunnen auf einem Stuhl, spielt Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Junge in einem grauen T-Shirt hlt zwei riesige Gurken.
Hinter dem flauschigen Hund, der die Stufe hochkommt, befinden sich Blumen.
Eine Frau in fliederfarbener Bluse trgt ein groes Holzbndel.
Ein Hund mit scheckigem Fell luft ber den Hof.
Mehrere Personen sitzen gemeinsam an einem Picknicktisch.
Ein Kind in einem blauen T-Shirt und kurzer Hose mit einem Hund.
Eine Person spielt auf einer Seilschaukel.
Ein Bild eines Jungen auf einer Golfanlage.
Ein Mann im kurzrmeligen Hemd hinter einer gelben Sonnenblume.
Viele Menschen sind um einen groen Baum versammelt, an dem eine Leiter lehnt.
Ein Junge klettert in voller Sicherheitsmontur den Baum hinauf.
Ein Mann geht eine von Palmen gesumte Strae entlang.
Mehrere Schler sehen einem Lehrer im Kunstunterricht zu.
Eine Frau springt mit den Fen voran und den Hnden ber dem Kopf von einem Felsen, whrend eine andere Frau davonschwimmt.
Zwei Mnner halten rote Mikrophone und weie Handtcher in ihren Hnden.
Die vier Personen gehen im Regen spazieren.
Zwei Frauen und eine Gruppe Mnner in grauen Hemden in einem Club.
Ein weies T-Shirt mit dem Design einer Frau darauf ist auf einem belebten Markt aufgehngt.
Mnner und Frauen auf dem Gehweg neben einem Marktplatz.
Ein Mann mit Werkzeugen in beiden Hnden konzentriert sich auf seine Arbeit.
Eine Mutter sitzt auf einer Kopfsteinpflasterstrae und gibt einem Baby zu trinken.
Mehrere Personen kaufen Obst auf einem Bauernmarkt in der Stadt.
Ein Obststand mit weier Zeltplane, an dem mehrere Personen einkaufen.
Ein glckliches junges Mdchen mit braunem Pullover, rosafarbener Bluse und blauen Jeans springt vom Gehweg.
Mehrere Mnner sitzen an einem Tisch mit Bier.
Eine Frau im blauen Oberteil hlt einen Ball in der Hand und schaut aufmerksam auf.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Kai mit Khlanlagen.
Eine stark befahrene Schnellstrae mit einer Frau auf der linken Seite, die einen Zebrastreifen berquert.
Ein Mann vor einem groen Glasgebude.
Ein Junge umfasst das Gesicht eines Mannes vor einem von Beton umschlossenen Gewsser.
Eine Frau hlt ein weinendes Kind in rosa Kleidung.
Ein Chirurg operiert einen Patienten mit chirurgischen Instrumenten.
Eine Frau streckt sich vor einem Gebude mit dem Namen Vira Virou.
Eine Inderin sitzt in einem kleinen Zimmer und entwirft wunderschne Bilder auf Stoff fr Decken.
Zwei Kinder springen im Freien auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Mann in Schwarz kehrt den braunen Flieenboden vor einem Flieengeschft.
Fuballspieler dehnen sich, um sich auf das Spiel vorzubereiten.
In einem Stadion voller Zuschauer luft ein Fuballspiel.
Straenmusiker spielen vor Bnken.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und braunen Hosen steht vor einem Stand, an dem verschiedene Waren verkauft werden.
Zwei Personen neben einem Glasgebude.
Ein Mann mit blonden Haaren steht Gitarre spielend auf einer Bhne. Im Hintergrund ist der Schlagzeuger zu sehen.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann sitzt mit einem Buch an einem Tisch und trinkt etwas.
Feuerwehrmnner lschen ein groes Feuer.
Ein Kind in einem blauen T-Shirt wscht sich die Hnde mit Seife.
Mehrere ltere Asiaten spielen im Park zusammen auf ihren Instrumenten.
Ein Mann und zwei kleine Kinder entspannen sich auf einem Zeltplatz und sitzen essend vor einem Feuer.
Ein Kind starrt auf eine Gruppe Menschen, die um ein Lagerfeuer herum stehen.
Ein groer brauner Hund kaut liegend an einem Knochen.
Zwei Jungen in blauen T-Shirts sitzen am Ende einer Bank neben einem Fahrgeschft.
Ein verheirateter Mann in Tarnkleidung schaut durch ein gigantisches Fernrohr aus Metall.
Drei Mnner mit Schutzhelmen und Sonnenbrillen nhern sich einem groen weien Transporter.
Ein Mann auf dem Gebude.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm telefoniert mit dem Handy.
Ein Mann in Arbeitskleidung sitzt hoch oben auf einem Gebude.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd beim Schweien.
Ein Mann gibt einem anderen etwas an einer Schienenkreuzung.
Ein alter Kleinbus, der wie die Mystery Machine aus Scooby-Doo aussieht, fhrt an einem weien Gebude vorbei.
Ein Mann schwitzt vom Singen auf der Bhne.
Mehrere junge Mnner in einem vollen blaufen Auto, auf dessen Dach Reifen festgebunden sind.
Drei Personen sitzen auf Klappsthlen aus Metall um einen Grill herum.
Zwei kleine weie Hunde jagen in einem Hof einem roten Ball hinterher.
Ein roter SUV mit einer Frau darin.
Drei Personen in einem Auto mit Rallye-Aufklebern, Ausrstung auf dem Dach und einer mongolischen Fahne.
Ein Mann geht mit seinem Hund Gassi.
Ein Mann mit Helm und Bluejeans fllt von einem Stier.
Diese Badewanne bleibt nicht in dem alten Haus.
Leute kaufen Obst an einem Stand mit Melonen, pfeln und anderem Obst.
Der Beifahrer hlt die Last auf dem Autodach fest.
Eine Person im roten Hemd steht auf der Strae neben einem Auto mit vielen Aufklebern.
Ein Mann auf einem Pferd versucht, einen Hund mit dem Lasso einzufangen.
Drei Personen sitzen gemeinsam auf einem Sofa in einem Haus, whrend zwei andere daneben stehen.
Drei junge Mnner halten Fden.
Ein Mann in legerer Geschftskleidung spielt das Saxophon mit den anderen Mitgliedern einer Band.
Ein Junge in einem gestreiften T-Shirt spielt Trompete.
Junge Saxophonisten warten whrend einer Pause bei einer Auffhrung.
Zwei Kinder lachen, whrend sie sich auf ihren Sprung ins Wasser vorbereiten.
Eine junge Frau in einer weien Bluse und mit blauer Krawatte spielt Trompete.
Ein Auftritt einer Schulband aus jungen Schlern.
Drei Mdchen stehen mit Trompeten vor einem Notenpult.
Zwei Jungen halten Saxophone in den Hnden.
Eine Frau mit Handtasche geht an einem chinesischen Geschft vorbei.
Besucher des Festes haben Spa mit ihren Kindern.
Mnner und Frauen beim Yoga am Strand.
Ein Skateboarder mit rotenmHut und grnem T-Shirt sitzt auf einem Skateboard und sieht anderen Skatboardern zu.
Mehrere Bauern helfen zusammen, um eine mit Pflanzen im Zusammenhang stehende Arbeit  zu beenden.
Vier Hunde gehen an der Leine einen Gehweg entlang.
Zwei Frauen teilen auf einer politischen Kundgebung ihre Ansichten mit.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Hemden und sechs Frauen in einer Balletauffhrung.
Ein blonde Frau geht flott die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau mit Gepck und etwas zu trinken telefoniert mit ihrem Handy.
Ein Baby gibt einer Frau die Mglichkeit, in seine Welt einzutauchen.
Zwei Mitarbeiter bereiten in einer Grokche das Essen vor.
Eine junge Frau im kurzen weien Kleid und mit einem Korb geht zwischen Sanddnen oder Htten herum.
Ein Junge mit einer groen Armbanduhr isst eine Eiswaffel.
Eine Frau mit Haarnetz und einer blauen Schrze bereitet sich darauf vor, etwas in einen Splkasten zu legen.
Ein blondes Kleinkind mit Pferdeschwanz schaukelt in einer Schalenschaukel.
Ein Teenager in einem weien T-Shirt und Flip-Flops auf der Schaukel.
Zwei Jungen spielen im Wasser.
Ein junger Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt und mit Rollerblades fhrt einen irren Trick vor.
Ein lterer Junge fhrt mit Rollerblades vor Kindern auf Rollern.
Sechs buddhistische Jungen gehen in traditionellen orangefarbenen Mnchsgewndern an der Strae entlang.
Ein Mann ohne T-Shirt fhrt auf einer Anlage Tricks mit den Rollerblades vor.
Ein schbig aussehender Mann mit schwarzem Hut sitzt auf einem Stuhl, liest eine Zeitschrift und hrt dabei Musik.
Zwei Frauen lcheln in die Kamera, whrend sie gemeinsam ihr Mittagessen genieen.
Kinder lesen etwas von einem weien Blatt Papier vor.
Zwei Kinder sehen sich auf einer Auenanlage historische Lokomotiven an.
Ein schwarz angezogener Mann liegt auf einer Bank und hat dabei seinen Kopf auf das Bein eines lteren Herrn in Jeans gelegt.
Ein Mann mit einem Einkaufswagen verkauft Waren an einer geschftigen Strae.
Zwei komplett schwarz gekleidete Jungen stehen neben einem Fahrrad und einem Baum.
Drei Personen hren einem Blasorchester zu.
Zwei Mnner mit weien Schutzhelmen und orangefarbenen Westen vor einem Gebude.
Eine Frau im blauen Oberteil auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd und Khakis spielt Gitarre.
Fnf Mnner unterhalten sich in einem Raum mit Computern.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke steht lachend auf der Strae.
Mehrere univormierte Mnner spielen auf Musikinstrumenten.
Zwei ltere Herrschaften tanzen zur Musik einer Musikgruppe.
Zwei Frauen in indianischer Kleidung mit Taschen.
Zwei Asiaten sitzen auf dem Brgersteig und haben ihre Waren neben sich ausgebreitet.
Ein Lama steht an der Strae.
Ein Berg, der Spuren der letzten Vulkanausbrche sdwestlich der Stadt zeigt.
Menschen reiten auf Eseln mit ihrem Hab und Gut auf dem Rcken.
Zwei Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch in einem Park und lachen sich gegenseitig an.
Zwei Personen lassen ihren Blick ber ein Tal schweifen.
Ein Mann mit einem Spazierstock und einem orangefarbenen Rucksack wandert durch ein Tal.
Personen gehen einen Feldweg hinunter.
Eine Ansammlung blauer Zelte, von denen auf einem Exodus steht, in einer herrlichen Landschaft.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke kniet hinter einer Schssel mit Seifenwasser.
Eine Frau legt sich auf dem Gehweg ihres Zeltplatzes nieder.
Ein einsamer Wanderer mit Spazierstock steigt in einer entlegenen Gegend eine eine Steintreppe hinab.
Zwei Mnner in Wanderausrstung steigen eine Steintreppe hinunter.
Ein Wanderer betrachtet die Berge.
Ein Wanderer steigt mit einem Spazierstock einen Weg mit Steinstufen hinauf.
Zwei Personen mit Ruckscken wandern neben einer hohen grauen Steinwand.
Eine Frau mit rotem Rucksack betrachtet Machu Picchu.
Eine Person mit einem grnen Hut legt sich auf den Boden.
Eine kleiner Junge spielt mit einem gelben Auto auf dem Gehweg.
Eine ltere Person auf einem Feld mit Heu.
Ein Bild von zwei Mnnern, die ein Polizeiprsidium betreten und verlassen.
Ein Mann fischt im Meer.
Ein in trkise Oberteile gekleidetes Paar tanzt im Freien. Die Frau wird dabei hochgehoben und streckt ihre Hnde nach oben.
Eine Person geht an einem weien Gebude mit blauen Tren und Fenstern vorbei.
Eine Frau mit Hut, die an einem Tisch an einer Strae aus Ziegelsteinen steht und nicht in die Kamera sieht.
Eine belebte Strae, wie sie ein Fotograph sieht.
Die grn gekleidete Band spielt auf dem Platz vor der Kirche.
Zwei Kinder geben sich in einem belebten Bereich die Hand.
Menschen sitzen und ein Hund steht in der Nhe einer groen, eingezunten Statue.
Eine Frau nht Bettwsche.
Eine junger Mann in farbenfroher Kleidung und mit Hut sitzt in einer Htte.
Eine Frau geniet die Aussicht.
Zwei personen stehen in der Nhe einiger Vorrte in einer bergigen Gegend.
Ein Unterholz ohne menschliche Behausungen.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke und mit einem blauen Hut trinkt Tee aus einer blauen Tasse.
Ein begeisterter Alpinist sieht einen Pfad hinunter.
Eine Dame mit Sonnenbrille sitzt auf der Spitze eines Berges neben einer anderen Person.
Eine Person geht einen steinigen Pfad entlang.
Dieser Mann mit einem roten Hut sitzt an einem sonnigen Tag auf der Spitze eines Berges.
Eine Frau bietet einigen Touristen Brot an.
Eine an ihrem Tisch sitzende Dame versucht, ihre Waren auf einem Markt zu verkaufen.
Eine einheimische Frau stellt eine dekorative Decke zur Schau.
Ein kleines Kind lsst einen gelben Drachen steigen und blickt dabei auf den Ozean.
Eine kleines Mdchen geht zur Schule.
Zwei Kinder in farbenfroher Kleidung spielen auf einem Feld mit einem groen Feld in der Mitte.
Ein Mann paddelt auf einem blauen Boogie Board.
Eine Gruppe Touristen betrachtet sulenartige Ruinen.
Ein junger Mann bt Tricks an einer Bordsteinkante aus Beton.
Ein junges Mdchen mit blauem Hut und karierter Bluse steht vor einem Stuhl und hlt ein Gebckstck in der Hand.
Mehrere Personen kaufen und verkaufen frischen Fisch am Strand.
Zwei Arbeiter helfen Kunden am Stand von Sonoma Artisan Sourdough Bakers.
Ein Mann spielt eine Videospiel, whrend ein anderer im Hintrgrund zusieht.
Eine Frau mit brauner Haut und hellbraunem Haar spielt Geige.
Zwei Personen lehnen an einer Felswand und betrachten die Landschaft.
In der Ferne geht ein Mann an einer riesigen Wand aus groen Steinblcken entlang.
Wanderer erklimmen einen Pfad in den Bergen.
Jemand schneidet auf einem Schneidebrett mit einem Messer eine Tomate.
Ein Mann hilft einer Frau am See  mit ihrer Angelrute.
Ein brauner Hund spielt im Dreck.
Ein bergewichtiges Paar trgt sehr legere Kleidung, um im Freien zu heiraten.
Ein bergewichtiger Mann und eine Frau hren im Freien einem dnneren Mann zu, der an einem teilweise bewlkten Tag aus einem Buch vorliest.
Ein Mann, der auf einem weien Plastikstuhl auf einem Gehweg schlft.
Ein Mann schweit in der Nhe zahlreicher Werkzeuge an einem Objekt aus Metall.
Ein Mann sieht einer Person zu, wie sie in ein Schwimmbecken springt.
Ein Kerl in kurzer Hose, Hoodie und Flip-Flops spielt in einer Halle Minigolf und ist gerade am Pinguin-Loch.
Einige Kinder beim Spielen.
Eine seltsam gekleidete Frau verlsst ein Lebensmittelgeschft.
Ein Hippie mach zwei Cappuccino.
Arbeiter und ein Traktor hinter Betonsperren und zerbrochenen Betonbrocken.
Ein Mann geht nachts an einem Gebude vorbei.
Drei Personen in einem Pool schneiden Grimassen fr die Person, die ein Foto von ihnen macht.
Mit zielgerichteten Blicken starren drei einzigartig gekleidete Akteure von der Bhne herunter.
Eine Frau trgt einen kleinen Jungen, der sich an einem Blatt festhlt.
Fahrradfahrer fahren ber eine Metallbrcke.
Ein Mann mit Hut, weiem Hemd und Pullover kniet auf einem Teppich.
Zwei Kinder auf der Strae waschen sich ihre Gesichter.
Ein alter Mann in kariertem Hemd und blauer Hose sieht an einem sonnigen Tag durch ein Teleskop.
Ein junger Mann fhrt hoch oben in der Luft einen Fahrradtrick vor.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem hellgrnen Badeanzug spielt im Sand mit einer blauen Schaufel.
Zwei Personen mit Ruckscken gehen in der Ferne am Strand in Richtung Wasser.
Zwei Afroamerikaner gehen an einem Geschft mit einer Schaufensterpuppe in gestreifter Bluse und gestreifter Hose vorbei.
Zwei Frauen bestellen sich etwas in einem Straengeschft.
Eine Frau im braunen Mantel und mit einem weien Schal geht auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Dame macht ein Foto von ihrem Spiegelbild und hlt dabei ihre Sachen fest.
Eine Frau mit einem Apfel steht neben einer Auslage mit Orangen, pfeln und Melonen.
Drei Kinder binden ein Segelboot an einem Dock fest.
Ein Mann mit weien Haaren und weiem Bart im schwarzen Anzug betrachtet ein Blatt Papier in einem Brogebude.
Etwa acht Frauen in lila und blauen Kleidern verbeugen sich vor einem Mann in Schwarz.
Drei Damen springen von einem Felsen in der Wste mit Bergen im Hintergrund.
Nach einem Sandsturm entfernt ein Mitarbeiter des Wartungspersonals Schmutz von den historischen Ruinen.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau stehen am Ufer eines Flusses und werfen mit Steinen.
Ein alter Mann hinter einem Korb voller grner Stngel.
Zwei Mnner auf einer weien Oberflche in einer bewlkten Uferszenerie.
Eine Frau im blauen Abendkleid hlt auf der Bhne ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mann im weien Oberhemd mischt Karten neben einer Dame in einer braunen Bluse.
Zwei Radfahrer fahren auf ihren Rdern einen Feldweg hinunter.
Zwei Personen auf einem Roller warten darauf, dass ein Mann mit Gitarrenkoffer die Strae berquert.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem gelb-schwarzen Trikot spielt Fuball.
Ein brauner Hund trgt auf einem schneebedeckten Hang ein Objekt in seinem Maul.
Zwei Mnner in weien und orangefarbenen Overalls an Fallschirmen.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Kleid betrachtet auf einer Strae den Ring einer anderen Frau.
Ein hpfender Junge am Strand.
Eine Menschenmenge auf einer kleinen Lichtung mit abgestorbenem Gras.
Ein farbiger Junge spielt den Ball, whrend zwei andere Jungen zusehen.
Ein junges Mdchen hlt ihre Hnde in eine Wanne mit Wasser.
Ein Mann im gelben Hemd schreibt in Ostasiatischer Kalligraphie-Schrift.
Ein Mann geht im Regen spazieren.
Ein junger Mann trgt Laubwerk auf seinem Rcken und steigt damit Steinstufen hinauf.
Ein alter Mann in einem Dritte-Welt-Land arbeitet in der Hocke mit einem groen Hammer.
Ein Mann fhrt in der Luft einen Trick auf seinem Fahrrad vor.
Drei Frauen sitzen auf Stufen und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann streicht ein Deck am Wasser.
Ein Mann im weien Mantel steht vor einem Markt und Khlgerten.
Ein Mann im blauen Hemd und mit einer Kamera in der Hand sitzt auf einem Sofa.
Eine groe Menschenmenge hat sich um zwei Zge auf den Gleisen versammelt.
Ein alter Mann sitzt auf einer Terrasse in der Sonne.
Hier ist ein Bild mit mehreren Personen, die im Freien auf den Bus warten, um irgendwohin zu fahren.
Mehrere Menschen sehen zwei fahrenden Zgen zu.
Zwei Kinder machen einen Handstand in einer Trffnung, whrend sie von zwei Freunden beobachtet werden.
Eine junge, rothaarige Person, die durch ein goldfarbenes Teleskop schaut.
Ein Mann im weien Hemd sitzt neben einer wei-blauen Tr.
Ein Mann sitzt beim Nhen in einem Zimmer mit blauen Wnden.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille, weiem Hemd und Jeans spielt Minigolf.
Zwei Kinder spielen am Strand. Das Kind in rosa schaufelt Sand und das Kind in grn steht im Wasser.
Zwei junge Personen fahren mit dem Schlitten einen Hgel hinunter.
Eine Frau hlt beim Gehen die Hand eines kleinen Jungen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau essen im Freien eine Mahlzeit.
Zwei Offiziere der Kstenwache auf einer Schulungsmission.
Ein Junge versucht sich zu rasieren, whrend ihm ein lterer Mann dabei zusieht.
Zwei Duellanten in Wei duellieren sich vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Scheinkampf mit Schwertern in einem sdamerikanischen Land.
Der Hund trgt einen rosafarbenen Pullover.
Eine Reihe Mnner lehnt gegen eine Wand, als ein Mann mit Rucksack vorbeigeht.
Drei Mnner arbeiten in der heien Sonne.
Ein schwarzhaariger Mann hat einen gelben Bleistift hinter seinem Ohr.
Eine Person mit einem Ghettoblaster auf dem Dach eines Busses oder eines Bootes.
Ein uniformierter Mann hlt am Meer eine groe Kamera.
Eine Frau spielt mit ihrem Hund am Strand.
Eine groe Menschenmenge wartet in Schlangen in einem Fastfood-Restaurant.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Fahrrad einen Telefonmasten hoch.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einem Strandbuggy.
Die bewaffneten SWAT-Offiziere bewachen den abgesperrten Bereich, whrend ein Rucksack untersucht wird.
Drei Personen in Spezialausrstung berqueren die Strae nahe dem Ort eines Verbrechens.
Eine Menschenschlange wartet an der Kasse eines Geschfts.
Zwei Mnner springen von Fels zu Fels, um einen Wasserlauf zu berqueren.
Eine Frau im blauen Rock vor Bumen.
Polizeibeamte in einem taktischen Fahrzeug in einer urbanen Gegend.
Eine Menschengruppe posiert fr ein Foto.
Eine blondhaarige rztin und ihr afroamerikanischer Assistent begutachten drei neue medizinische Handbcher.
Eine arbeitende Frau trgt probeweise die neue gelbe Jacke.
Mehrere Frauen stehen in einer Reihe und betrachten Bcher.
Zwei weie Damen in legerer Kleidung.
Vier Krankenschwestern in Kitteln schauen in einen fahrbaren Behlter mit verschiedenen Objekten.
Schwestern in einer medizinischen Einrichtung sprechen ber eine Kunststofftasse.
Drei weibliche Angestellte in einer medizinischen Einrichtung betrachten Unterlagen.
Drei Personen in einem Fahrgeschft auf einem Jahrmarkt.
Ein Arzt und Krankenschwestern in einem Krankenhaus stehen hinter einem Wagen.
Zwei junge Krankenschwestern zeigen Kindern Spielsachen.
Zwei Krankenschwestern sehen sich Gegenstnde in einem Wagen an.
Krankenschwestern betrachten ein Buch ber Pdiatrie.
Eine blonde Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse posiert mit einem gelben Stern und einem Buch.
Eine zusammenstehende Gruppe Frauen.
Ein Polizist und zwei Frauen posieren neben dem Fahrzeug eines Beamten fr ein Bild.
Ein Mann raucht eine Zigarette und hlt eine Wabe in der Hand.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Kleid und Gummistiefeln wischt die Kopfsteinpflasterstrae.
Eine Person an einem hellroten und schwarzen Fallschirm.
Eine Frau in Schwarz und Rot geht die Strae entlang und hrt Musik von ihrem iPod.
Rettungsschwimmer geben ortsansssigen Kindern Schwimmunterricht am Schwimmbecken.
Ein Mann im weien Hemd schreibt an eine Tafel, whrend andere Personen an einem Tisch sitzen und zusehen.
Mehrere Personen stehen auf einem Feld und tragen benutzte Fallschirme.
Ein auf dem Boden liegender Mann hat seinen Arm unter einem Auto und ein kleiner Junge sieht zu.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen einen verschneiten Weg entlang.
Eine Gruppe Kinder und Erwachsene spielen an einem sonnigen Tag in einem Pool.
Ein laufender Mann ohne Schuhe.
Ein schlanker Mann mit hochgerollter Hose und einem wei-blau gestreiften Hemd geht ber den Sand.
Ein Mann verkauft auf der Strae Obst von seinem Wagen.
Eine Gruppe Menschen steht auerhalb eines kleinen Gebudes in einem Dorf.
Eine Gruppe farbenfroh gekleideter Menschen feiert.
Die zwei Hunde kmpfen im Schnee.
Pendler liest bei der Fahrt auf einem Boot Zeitung.
Ein Kerl im schwarzen Shirt malt auf eine Wand.
Eine ltere blonde Dame in einer weien Bluse berquert die Strae.
Ein Mann steht neben einem anderen Mann und nimmt einen Scheck ber 10.000 Euro entgegen.
Eine Menschengruppe steht im Freien an einer Strae.
Eine Lehrerin zeigt einer jungen Schlerin etwas, die an einem Schultisch sitzt.
Zwei Mnner, von denen einer eine Zigarette hlt, sitzen an einem Tisch auf der Strae.
Zwei Mnner in Tarnanzgen versuchen, ein Motorrad zu reparieren, whrend im Hintergrund ein dritter Mann steht.
Eine Flotte kleiner Fischerboote nhert sich der Kste.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blauer Schutzkleidung auf Rollerskates hat sich auf ein Knie gebckt.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Helm fhrt einen roten Gelndewagen.
Auf einem Markt unter freiem Himmel, der augenscheinlich in Indien stattfindet, ist verschiedenes Obst erhltlich.
Zwei Mnner in mittlerem Alter mit blauen Hemden unterhalten sich.
Zwei Flieenleger in weien Jacken arbeiten an einem knstlerisch gestalteten Mosaik.
Drei Personen stehen bei einem roten Wagen.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und Kappe sitzt in einer Werkstatt.
Mnner helfen beim Fischfang.
Eine Asiatin trinkt eine Tasse Kaffee in einem Restaurant und sitzt dabei neben einem Strau roter Blumen in einer Vase.
Eine Person auf einer Gelndemaschine fhrt durch etwas Sand und die Zuschauer sehen zu.
Der braun-weie Hunde trgt einen sehr langen Stock durch den Schnee.
Zwei Hunde im Schnee.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Boden seiner Garage und arbeitet an einer Teekanne.
Ein Mann in einem Jackett steht in der Nhe des Steuerrads eines Schiffs.
Ein Football-Spieler verfolgt den Quarterback der gegnerischen Mannschaft, der gleich den Ball werfen wird.
Eine gerade Strae mit einer am Straenrand joggenden Frau.
Ein Mann im schwarzen Shirt und mit einer Bugs Bunny Krawatte schneidet eine Grimasse mit einem Kondom ber seinem Kopf.
Eine Frau schaut ber das Gelnder eines Wegs.
Ein Hund luft im Schnee an einem Haus entlang.
Ein Mann steht bis zur Taille in einem Fluss und wirft ein Netz aus.
Der Mann im grauen Hemd versucht, einen Toaster zu reparieren.
Mehrere Personen gehen an einem klaren Tag einen Sandstrand entlang.
Ein lchelnder Jugendlicher im blauen Hemd posiert auf irgendwelchen Stufen.
Ein Knstler malt mit Kreide sein neuestes Kunstwerk auf den Gehweg.
Ein Prchen macht vor geparkten Autos ein Nickerchen im Gras.
Ein Mann zieht ein Boot durch den Schlamm.
Mehrere Personen kaufen in einer Art Straenmarkt ein mit Autos, Graffiti und Straenkunst im Hintergrund.
Mehrere Menschen sehen einem Straenknstler bei seinen Feuertricks zu.
Ein junges Mdchen im rosafarbenen Shirt sitzt an einem Kai und blickt auf das Wasser.
Zwei arbeitende Mnner machen eine Trinkpause.
Ein ltere Frau mit Stoffhut nht irgendeinen Stoff.
Ein Feuerwehrmann bringt Absperrband an.
Ein kurzhaariger Mann in einem blauen Hemd spricht mit enier Gruppe Menschen vor dem Pueblo-Haus mit einer weien Tr und einem Balkon.
Ein Mann spielt auf dem Gehweg nahe einem Gebude Gitarre.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad befindet sich vor einem Fahrradgeschft in der Nhe einer Reihe von Fahrrdern.
Schutzkleidung liegt zum Anziehen bereit.
Ein Gaukler mit Zylinder fhrt vor einer groen Menschenmenge sitzender und stehender Zuschauer Tricks mit Feuer vor.
Ein Mann trinkt ein Bier und unterhlt sich dabei mit einer Frau.
Ein Mann hlt vor einigen Felsen ein blaues Fischernetz.
Drei Teenager laden einen Lastwagen mit Wassermelonen ab.
Ein Fahrradfahrer konzentriert sich auf das Fahren, whrend er einen von Bergen umgebenen See passiert.
Im Strandkorb sitzen und das Meer beobachten.
Ein rudernder Mann in einem Kanu auf einem groen Gewsser.
Zwei Kinder mit blonden Haaren spielen auf einem blauen Schlitten.
Ein Mann mit einer weien Mtze streicht ein Gebude mit weien Markisen, whrend er es ansieht.
Ein weigekleideter Mann beim Lesen mit zwei Mnnern im Hintergrund.
Zwei Mnner lehnen sich aus einem Fenster und betrachten etwas, das sich rechts von ihnen befindet.
Eine Frau sitzt neben Kartoffeln und Gemse.
Ein kleines, blau angezogenes Kind wischt wie seine Eltern den Boden.
Zwei Hunde spielen miteinander.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Hose und weiem Hemd spielt Flte, whrend eine rosa gekleidete Dame dazu tanzt.
Ein Mann springt vor einer Gruppe Zuschauer ber einige andere Mnner.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann fhrt ein groes Dreirad, auf dem drei groe Fsser festgebunden sind.
Ein Hund verfolgt die Vgel auf dem Feld.
Eine Eingebohrene ist von Krben voller frischem Fisch umgeben, den sie auf einem Markt verkauft.
Ein Kind in einem orangefarbenen Sweatshirt hlt eine Sandale hoch und lchelt.
Ein Kind steht mitten im Wasser und hat die Hnde ber seinen Kopf gehoben.
Ein ausgezeichneter Fang beim beim Ultimate Frisbee.
Ein Tanzpaar fhrt eine Tanzfigur aus, bei der sich der Mann fast bis zum Boden bcken muss.
Ein blonder Mann in einem gestreiften Hemd sitzt entspannt in einem Stuhl und telefoniert.
Eine Frau im blauen Kleid sitzt vor Eimern mit Heu und Getreide.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Shirt und mit Baseballmtze hlt einen kleinen afrikanischen Jungen an der Hand.
Kamele erheben sich, um ihre Passagiere ber den weien Sandstrand zu tragen.
Eine Gruppe Menschen unterhlt sich nachts im Freien.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Oberteil und weier Hose arbeitet in einem Geschft.
Eine ltere Frau hlt ein kleines Kind an der Hand.
Eine Frau wird von zwei Polizeibeamten aus einer Menschenmenge getragen.
Eine kleine Gruppe Mnner isst zu Mittag und unterhlt sich.
Schlafende Afrikanerin hlt whrend einer Zugfahrt ihren schlafenden Sohn.
Eine Person fhrt vor einem Ziegelgebude Fahrrad.
Ein komplett blau gekleideter Mann arbeitet an einem Zug.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit Zgen.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau in einem weien Hemd und roten Flip-Flops hlt einen Tintenfisch in der Hand.
Zwei Polizisten stehen bei drei lteren Mnnern.
Ein Fahrradfahrer im weien T-Shirt und mit einem Hut zeigt dem Fotographen eine obszne Geste.
Ein Mdchen steht am Strand und hlt einen toten Tintenfisch hoch.
Mehrere Puppen sitzen auf einem Tisch und dahinter steht ein kleines Mdchen in einem blauen Pullover und lchelt.
Mehrere Personen mit Spazierstcken marschieren nahe dem Strand.
Im Restaurant spielt eine Mariachi-Band.
Ein Mann nimmt ein Bad in einem Brunnen.
Ein lterer Mann mit einer schwarzen Jacke und blauen Shorts sitzt auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein Kind mit nassem Haar hlt einen mit Schmetterlingen verzierten Standball.
Zwei Frauen in identischen Kleidern und Schuhen mit Hten in unterschiedlichen Farben sitzen auf einer Bank mit einer Hecke im Hintergrund.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit einem Stylus auf einem elektronischen Gert.
Die Kinder sahen dem jungen Jungen beim Schreiben auf das orangefarbene Papier zu.
Eine Bedienung in einem Lokal reinigt die Arbeitsflchen.
Kleine Kinder werfen Heu ber einen Drahtzahn in Richtung eines braunen Hauses.
Ein Knstler verkauft an der Straenecke seine Kunstwerke.
Ein Modedesigner arbeitet in seinem Studio an einem seiner Designs.
Auf dem Boden sitzende Personen sehen sich einen Sonnenaufgang oder -untergang hinter einem Berg an.
Eine Gruppe Frauen, die sich mehreren Krben widmet, die mglicherweise mit Samen gefllt sind.
Drei Leute springen ber eine Plane mit einem Dschungel im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann steht bei einer Sge mit einem Briefkasten im Vordergrund.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher geniet ein Schaumbad.
Ein Mann spielt im Freien mit zwei Hunden, von denen einer versucht, einen Ball in der Luft zu fangen.
Eine Frau fhrt mit einem Fahrrad auf ein rotes Licht zu.
Ein lterer Mann im braunen Mantel fhrt auf seinem Fahrrad die Strae entlang.
Ein Radfahrer mit einem blauen Rucksack fhrt ber eine Brcke.
Ein Mann mit Uhr surft auf hohen Wellen.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Oberteil deutet jemandem an, nher zu kommen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich an einem Bahnhof.
Eine Frau in Pionierkleidung sitzt an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann mit einem farbenfrohen Sombrero und einen Poncho sitzt mit zwei Ziegen und einem Lama im Gras.
Zwei junge Mnner sitzen an einem Tisch und lcheln.
Ein junges Mdchen liest die Beschreibung zu einer Statue im Park. Im Hintergrund sind Bume zu sehen.
Eine Gruppe Kinder geht mit Luftballons in den Hnden eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit Stock geht ber die weien Streifen eines Fugngerberwegs.
Mehrere Mnner spielen Schach am Pool.
Ein Mann macht ein Foto von einem Paar, das drauen neben einer Skulptur steht.
Zwei Radfahrer fahren an einem braunen Feld vorbei.
Zwei ltere Jungen und ein jngerer befinden sich auf einem Boot und schauen auf das Wasser.
Ein Mann spielt auf dem Gehweg vor einem Geschft Akkordeon.
Zwei Mdchen mit Rcken sitzen im Gras und essen Snacks.
Eine ltere Frau schpft Essen aus einer Pfanne.
Eine Frau in gelber Bluse und mit hell orangefarbenen Haaren zapft ein Bier an einem Bierhahn.
Ein Surfer reitet auf den einlaufenden Wellen am Strand entlang.
Zwei Mnner surfen auf einer kleinen Welle vor der Kulisse einer Stadt.
Kinder erklimmen mit ihren Eltern einen Turm aus Metall.
Eine Aufnahme eines Volleyballspielers mit dem Ball.
Ein Mann auf einem blauen Motorrad.
Ein junges Mdchen mit nur einem Schuh wird von einer Frau mit einem schwarzen Oberteil gehalten.
Ein blondes Kind isst einen kleinen Kuchen mit blauer Glasur.
Das Bild zeigt vier musizierende Mnner bei einer Hochzeit unter freiem Himmel.
Eine Tennisspieler zeigt whrend einem Spiel eine beidhndige Vorhand.
Ein Surfer im Neoprenanzug mit einem hellen Surfbrett schnappt nach Luft.
Ein gehender Kerl im karierten Hemd mit einer schwarzen Tasche, die von seiner Schulter hngt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau auf einem Feld hinter zwei Stieren.
Ein kleiner Junge schaufelt Schnee.
Eine Dame mit Brille, blauem Rock und einer Umhngetasche macht ein Foto mit ihrer Kamera.
Ein Mann und eine Frau reparieren etwas.
Ein Parasegler pflgt durch die aufgewhlte See und hlt dabei sein Zugseil fest.
Ein Windsurfer surft auf schumenden Wellen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die beide einen Kinderwagen mit Kindern vor sich herschieben, werden angehalten und sehen sich an.
Ein Mann mit Blumen und ein Hund in einem Fahrradkorb.
Ein Mann hngt in der Luft an Kabeln und verrichtet einige Arbeiten an einem Gebude.
Ein Hund, der beim Laufen etwas im Maul trgt.
Ein Mann im blauen Hemd singt, whrend ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen Kleid im Hintergrund Gitarre dazu spielt.
Eine kostmierte Person auf einer Strae.
Eine Mann und eine Frau bereiten vor einer Reihe Motorrder eine Mixtur zu.
Ein Junge in einem roten Shirt klettert eine Ziegelwand hinauf.
Mehrere israelische Mnner stehen im Zentrum einer belebten Kreuzung.
Ein als Darth Vader verkleideter Mann spielt auf dem Gehweg Violine.
Sechs Mdchen tanzen bei einer Sportveranstaltung in einer Turnhalle in einer Linie.
Ein braun-weier Hund mit einem Baseball im Maul.
Diese Person legt gleich Papier in einen Kopierer.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd spielt Poolbillard.
Eine Gruppe junger Frauen in blauen Pullundern und weien Rcken jubeln synchron.
Ein Baby wird mit einem Lffel gefttert.
Eine Flugbegleitung bedient die Fluggste.
Zwei Mnner fhren in Kostmen eine Szene auf.
Ein kahl werdender Maler arbeitet am Tag auf der Strae an einem Werk.
Zwei Menschen in einer gelben Seilbahn kssen sich.
Ein Mann drckt sich ein Baby an die Schulter, das in ein Handtuch eingewickelt ist.
Ein lterer Friseur rasiert das Gesicht eines Mannes.
Ein junger Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke und einer schwarzen Mtze spielt Trompete.
Eine Band probt in der Garage.
Musiker befinden sich mit ihren Instrumenten auf der Bhne und vor ihnen stehen Menschen in einer Reihe.
Ein Mann im grnen Shirt singt in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mdchen in einer rot-schwarzen Bluse sitzt vor einem Keyboard und spielt zusammen mit den anderen Bandmitgliedern.
Zwei Mdchen auf einer Party unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen vor einem Haus neben einem Lautsprecher.
Mehrere Personen in einem Raum halten Behlter mit Alkohol.
Jugendliche neben einem Waschautomaten essen und trinken etwas.
Zwei Personen auf einer Party oder einem Konzert.
Ein Mann mit Goldhalsketten, einer roten Jacke, einem Ohrring und Eyeliner raucht zwei Zigaretten gleichzeitig.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf einer Bank und spielen Saiteninstrumente.
Eine leuchtende Bste steht in der Tischmitte und um sie herum sind fein suberlich Dokumente verteilt.
Drei Arbeiter auf einem Telefonmasten.
Eine Frau streckt an der Flanke eines verschneiten Berges ihren Kopf aus dem Zelt.
Eine Frau steigt einen schneebedeckten Berg hinauf und schaut zu den Leuten hinter ihr zurck.
Der Mann trgt einen groen Rucksack und wandert durch schneebedecktes Gelnde.
Ein Wanderer erklimmt einen verschneiten Berg.
Eine Gruppe Menschen steht um einige Stufen in einem Freizeitpark herum.
Ein Walmart-Mitarbeiter in einem weien Mantel.
Ein Mann in einem grn karierten Hemd setzt sich nieder und schaut seine Hnde an.
Ein paar Mnner sitzen an einem Tisch.
Ein braun-weier Hund steht auf seinen Hinterbeinen und streckt sich nach einem Ball.
Hndler in Europa; ein Mann und eine Frau bereiten sich auf den Verkauf von Gemse und Obst vor.
Eine rothaarige Frau und eine Frau mit brnett gefrbten Haaren stehen in der Nhe eines Brunnens.
Ein erwachsener Mann mit einem Geschenk im Scho, whrend ein kleines Kind ein anderes Geschenk auspackt.
Ein schlafendes Kind und eine Person, die ein Buch hlt.
Ein Mann fhrt auf seinen Rollerblades nachts ber eine gelbe Stange.
Eine Frau steht am Wasser und es sieht so aus, als ob sie etwas werfen wrde.
Ein Mann hngt an einem herumspringenden Pferd.
Ein junger Mann in Cowboy-Kleidung und mit einem Seil auf einem Pferd in einer Rodeo-Arena.
Ein Kind auf Abenteuersuche auerhalb des Hauses.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem schwarzen Kleid hlt eine rote Fahne in der Hand und verdeckt einen lustigen Gesichtsausdruck.
Ein Mann in mittelalterlicher Kleidung sitzt auf einem mittelalterlichen Wagen.
Der kleine Hund springt in die Luft in Richtung der Hand der Frau.
Menschen kaufen Lebensmittel bei einem nur vorbergehend verkaufenden Hndler.
Drei Mnner sitzen an einem Weg.
Ein Mann schttet etwas aus einer Dose auf ein Sandwich.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen an einem Tisch in einem Restaurant mit Blick auf die Berge.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer blauen Bank und liest ein Buch.
Ein Junge in einem blauen T-Shirt, khakifarbenen Shorts und Sandalen beim Laufen im Freien.
Ein blau und gelb gekleideter Mann betrachtet ein Jumbotron.
Schler in einem Klassenzimmer fhren Laborversuche durch und tragen dabei Schutzbrillen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Frack reitet ein weies Pferd im Sand.
Eine aufgeregte Frau in einer Stadt.
Ein Wachmann steht alleine an der Wand eines Gebudes.
Drei Kinder in grnen, gelben und blauen Uniformen sitzen und stehen in der Nhe von zwei Frauen.
Eine Gruppe Kinder, die gemeinsam mit Erwachsenen an etwas arbeitet.
Ein kleiner Junge hebt seine Hand, whrend andere Kinder im Hintergrund lachen.
Zwlf Kinder versammeln sich in tropischer Umgebung im Freien.
Eine Gruppe junger Asiatinnen lchelt fr die Kamera.
Ein Kerl, der die Treppe hinaufgeht, hlt eine Aktentasche und ein Buch in der Hand.
Eine Person im roten Hoodie sitzt mit gesenktem Kopf und einer Hand vor dem Gesicht auf einer Bank.
Zwei Kinder sitzen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein junger Mann in einem weien Shirt hlt beide Hnde ber seinen Kopf.
Zwei kleine Mdchen lesen und ein Baby hrt zu.
Zuschauer in farbenfroher heller Kleidung sehen einem barfigen Mann in weier Hose dabei zu, wie er einen Feuerball macht.
Mehrere Personen in einer vollen U-Bahn.
Zwei groe braune Hunde laufen durch den Schnee.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit einem Volleyball in der Nhe eines Gewssers.
Ein Mann mit einem Bier und einem Hammer in seinen Hnden schlgt auf einer Plattform vor ihm auf etwas ein.
Vier Personen mit Hten sitzen essend auf einer Bank.
Ein kleiner Junge umarmt ein kleines Mdchen, um es zu trsten.
Zwei Feuerwehrmnner mit weien Helmen stehen vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd und Shorts schlgt einen Tennisball.
Ein Mdchen in Wei spielt Tennis.
Eine Frau im weien Kleid und mit weien Schuhen spielt Tennis.
Ein Mdchen im roten T-Shirt und weien Tennisrock schlgt den Tennisball zurck.
Eine Frau, die mehrere mehrfarbige Eimer trgt, stochert in den Felsen am Ufer herum.
Eine Frau vertritt die Universitt Phoenix an einem Stand.
Mehrere Personen fahren mit einem raketenhnlichen Fahrgeschft in einem Freizeitpark.
Ein Junge mit grnem Hut reagiert auf einen historischen Ort.
Zwei Mitarbeiter sehen zu, whrend ein anderer Mitarbeiter Teig in einer Grokche Teig zubereitet.
Ein Junge im gestreiften T-Shirt geht auf einer Kante entlang.
Fnf Personen auf einem groen Feld sind entlang einer Seite eines Trogs voller Ananas gleichmig verteilt.
Verschiedenes Gemse in Krben.
Ein Mountainbike-Fahrer in Schutzkleidung fhrt auf einem Weg ber einen Erdhgel, whrend die Zuschauer zusehen.
Eine junge Frau auf einem Moped vor einem Caf.
Ein Straenhndler im roten Hemd und mit einem weien Hut verkauft italienisches Eis.
Ein Mann stellt eine Leiter auf, um sie hinauf und hinunter zu steigen.
Ein Mann nhert sich einem Fallschirm, den er eventuell gerade verwendet hat, um damit zu landen.
Eine Frau spielt auf dem vorderen Treppeneingang mit einem kleinen Jungen auf einem Akkordeon.
Der Hund hat eine rote Baseballmtze auf dem Kopf und sein Maul ist weit aufgerissen.
Ein dicklicher Mann geht den Gehweg entlang.
Drei Mnner fischen am Rand einer Betonmauer, die entlang der Kste gebaut wurde.
Eine Ballerina in einem schwarzen Kleid und Strumpfhose tanzt vor einer Betonwand.
Eine Japanerin reinigt ein Museumsgebude.
Ein Cowboy prahlt mit seinem Maultier neben einem Pferdeanhnger.
Ein Mann in einem lilafarbenen Hemd spielt Schlagzeug vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Bauarbeiter pflastert groe Betonstufen.
Vier Mnner in engen Outfits, drei in Blau und einer in Schwarz, bringen ihre Kleidung in Ordnung, whrend sie auf einer gepflasterten Flche stehen.
Ein Mann im Jeansanzug arbeitet an einem alten Zug.
Ein Orgelspieler spielt in einer imposanten Kirche.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Bagger auf einer Baustelle.
Eine kleine Personengruppe sonnt sich im Kies an einem See oder an der Kste.
Ein asiatischer Greyhound-Bus auf der Fahrt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lesen in einer Kirche etwas vor.
Ein groer schwarzer Hund hat seine Pfote auf einen kleinen braunen Hund gelegt.
Ein Mann mit Hut und Sockenhaltern geht durch Kornfelder auf ein Silo zu.
Eine Menschenmenge vor einem chinesischen Tempel.
Drei lchelnde, schwarz gekleidete Frauen folgen einer vierten Frau mit Ttowierungen um ein Seil herum.
Zwei Personen setzen einen Wasserbffel ein, um ein unter Wasser stehendes Feld zu kultivieren.
Ein Mann in eine blauen Jacke und rosafarbenem Hemd singt und spielt dazu Gitarre.
Ein kleines Mdchen in rosafarbener Hose.
Der groe, schwarze, laufende Hund trgt einen Gurt um seine Brust.
Eine weie Frau auf einem Markt begutachtet Obst.
Ein kleiner Junge mit hellbraunem Haar steckt sein Gesicht in sein Essen.
Ein Junge in einem grn-wei gestreiften Shirt sieht beim Laufen erschpft aus.
Eine Frau im roten Mantel kauft etwas von einem Straenhndler.
Mehrere abgestellte Fahrrder und ein spazieren gehendes Prchen.
Drei Mnner an einem Tisch, von denen einer einen Martini hlt.
Ein Feuerwehrmann, der sich auf das Lschen eines Autos vorbereitet.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke, der seinen Arm in einem Blumengeschft um eine Person in einer schwarzen Jacke gelegt hat.
Zwei Personen an einer Bar unterhalten sich.
Mehrere Zuschauer sehen einem Mann dabei zu, wie er von einer Brcke springt, und einer davon macht ein Foto.
Ein Mann mit einer Kopflampe hat seine Hand in einem Rollenkoffer mit Drhten.
Drei Mdchen spielen Basketball und die Spielerin mit der Nummer 35 hlt einen orange-, wei- und schwarzfarbenen Basketball in den Hnden.
Schler in einem Labor.
Zwei Kerle  einer in einem kastanienbraunen Pullover, der andere in einem hellblauen Hemd  sitzen herum und spielen Videospiele.
Zwei Kampfsportler mit Schutzausrstung kmpfen in einer Turnhalle gegeneinander.
Ein junger Mann springt in die Luft, whrend sich sein Skateboard unter ihm dreht.
Ein Mann mchte auf einer Reklametafel ein Ebay-Geschft bewerben.
Eine Frau in einer kastanienbraunen Bluse unterhlt sich mit einer anderen Frau in einem braunen Blazer.
Eine orangefarben gekleidete Person liegt auf einer Wand.
Ein grau-weier Hund mit einem roten Geschirr und Leine springt ber eine Steinwand.
Eine Frau in einer lilafarbenen Bluse trgt drei volle Einkaufstaschen.
Mehrere gehende Personen vor einem Berg.
Ein Mann in einem gelb-schwarzen Pullover beim Turnen.
Zwei Personen mit Ruckscken an einem Tisch mit einer dahinter sitzenden Frau in einem beigefarbenen Blazer.
Ein Mann im Anzug sitzt neben einer Wand aus VHS-Kassetten.
Eine Frau mit Brille sitzt vor ihrem Laptop in einer Bcherei.
Fluggste warten am Gepchfrderband auf ihre Koffer.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Quad durch den Schlamm und sieht dabei sehr glcklich aus.
Eine Asiatin hlt eine Fahne und im Hintergrund ist ein Drachenkostm zu sehen.
Zwei Kerle, einer in einem gelben und einer in einem weien Shirt, spielen mit einem Frisbee.
Ein schwarzes Ktzchen frisst eine Motte und ein Blatt.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil meditiert.
Eine Frau mit Sandalen und einem grauen Einkaufswagen kauft Lebensmittel.
Die Radfahrer bereiten sich auf das Rennen vor und greifen sich ihre Rder. Nur mit ihnen knnen sie es bis ins Ziel schaffen.
Eine hbsche Reporterin wird fr eine Show gefilmt.
Eine Menschenmenge mit Regenschirmen vor einem roten Gebude.
Ein Mann mit nachktem Oberkrper auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein Mann in Jeans und einem blau karierten Hemd erhitzt Metall mit seinen Schmiedewerkzeugen.
Ein asiatischer Lebensmittelhndler auf einem Fahrrad wartet an einem Fugngerberweg.
Eine Frau im weien Laborkittel hlt mit einem weien Handschuh ihr Glas hoch.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd arbeitet an einem Fahrrad.
Der Mann steht mit dem Kopf auf der Flasche und hat dabei seine Hnde am Boden.
Ein Mann auf der Strae macht Luftballontiere.
Eine Gruppe Wanderer auf einem Weg, der von einem Sandstrand in Richtung eines Berges fhrt.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einem Anzug sitzt auf dem Boden und lehnt gegen eine Wand, whrend er seine Notizen durchgeht.
Ein Bauarbeiter an einem nebligen Tag auf einer Hebebhne.
Ein Team bereitet jemanden fr das Bungee-Springen vor.
Eine Frau fhrt einen von Ochsen gezogenen Wagen und neben ihr geht ein Mann.
Eine Soldatin mit Brille bergibt Kindern ein Objekt.
Eine brnette Frau in einem blauen Satin-Kostm hlt mitten im Wald einen Vorschlaghammer.
Ein lterer Mann wirft Plastiktten eine Treppe hinunter, die an einem Flugzeug befestigt ist.
Ein Straenmusiker spielt neben einem geffneten Koffer Gitarre. Auf einem Schild steht: SAG MIR, WARUM MEINE MUSIK NERVIG IST.
Vier Schler posieren fr ein Foto in einem Klassenzimmer.
Zwei Personen auf der Strae, von denen eine ein Cello hat und die andere ein Akkordeon.
Mehrere junge Mnner springen die Strae entlang.
Mehrere Personen mit Hten und Spazierstcken gehen auf einem Pfad durch ein Waldstck.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt auf einer Bgelmaschine.
Eine Person auf einem Fahrrad mit einer Schaufel in der Hand neben einer Frau in einer grnen Bluse mit einem Wschekorb auf einem Wagen.
Eine duneklhaarige Frau betrachtet einen Laptop von Apple.
Zwei Mnner in roten und blauen Anzgen treten in einer Turnhalle in Karate gegeneinander an.
Eine Frau hlt auf einem Sofa einen kleinen Jungen im Arm.
Eine Frau springt ber eine Parkbank und wirft dabei Bltter in die Luft.
Ein Mann macht vor orangefarbenen und weien Absperrungen einen Handstand.
Mehrere Personen warten auf dem Bahnsteig auf die U-Bahn.
Braut und Brutigam gehen gefolgt von einem anderen Paar auf einem Weg ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann tritt ein Brett aus den Hnden eines anderen Mannes.
Mehrere Personen sitzen in einem Raum und sprechen zu einem Panel.
Eine Gruppe von Personen, von denen mindestens zwei aus Weinglsern trinken, stehen in einem Flur.
Drei Eishockeyspieler in Schwarz spielen im Freien.
Ein kleiner Junge in weier kurzer Hose schwimmt unter Wasser mit geschlossenen Augen.
Eine Frau in einer grnen Bluse hlt sich das Gesicht.
Mnner stehen unter zwei weien berdachungen und ein Mann entfernt sich.
Ein Mann fotografiert eine Bergwiese mit Gipfeln im Hintergrund.
Zwei Personen in Uniformen und mit Taschen gehen vor einer Wand die Strae entlang.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf einem Straenmarkt neben ihrem Stand.
Eine Menschenmenge lauscht einem Redner, whrend sich dahinter ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten.
Eine Mutter und ihre zwei Kinder beim Mittagessen.
Eine Frau mit Brille und einer schwarzen Bluse hlt eine Schpfkelle und eine Schssel in den Hnden und hat eine Plastikgabel zwischen den Zhnen, whrend sie in einer Kche steht.
Eine Frau schaut in ein Khlgert fr Eiscreme.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera um den Hals steht vor einem Caf.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd schneidet sein Essen.
Zwei Personen sitzen auf einer Bank und genieen die Natur und ber ihnen trmt sich drohend eine riesige Wolke auf.
Ein Skater sitzt mit seinem Skateboard auf dem Boden einer Schale im Skatepark.
Eine junge Frau sitzt auf dem Boden und bt das Schreiben arabischer Buchstaben mit einem Tintenfass.
Mehrere Personen in Halloween-Kostmen.
Ein Mann mit einer erbsengrnen Jacke, einem weien Hut, Sonnenbrille und einer Zigarre geht zwischen anderen Menschen die Strae entlang.
Frauen stehen neben einem Stand.
Ein weihaariger Mann mit einem langen weien Bart beim Essen.
Ein brauner Hund an einer Leine luft im Schnee.
Ein einzelner Mann in einem Hemd mit langen rmell fhrt auf einer Gelndemaschine.
Ein Mann im blauen Hemd spielt mit Seilen in einer bewaldeten Gegend.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hut und kariertem Hemd klettert an einem Felsen hinab.
Drei Personen sehen sich Waren an einem Schmuckstand an.
Ein Mann mit einer grauen Jacke und weiem Hut in gebckter Haltung beim Gieen im Garten.
Ein Mann in einer Kunstgalerie sieht sich um.
Ein blauer Lastwagen mit in Scken verladener Ladung auf dem Dach fhrt eine Strae entlang.
Eine Frau beim Zhneputzen.
Sechs kaukasische Mnner stehen auf einem Gerst und lachen, trinken Wasser und machen Fotos.
Fnf hbsche junge Mnner auf einem Gerst.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Park fragt sich laut, of das Wasser im Brunnen wieder aufgereitetes Wasser ist.
Ein lterer behinderter Mann sitzt au einem Stuhl und hlt eine Wasserflasche in der Hand.
Ein alter Mann in einem Restaurant liest Zeitung.
Taucher untersuchen ein abgestrztes Flugzeug.
Ein Kunstreiter in leuchtend grner Kleidung reitet auf einem Paint Horse mit grner Reitausrstung und hlt eine amerikanische Fahne in der Hand.
Zwei sehr gut gekleidete Frauen stehen nebeneinander.
Ein Mann im weien Matrosenanzug und mehrere andere Personen ziehen an den Seilen eines Segelschiffs.
Ein Bauarbeiter steht bei einem groen Lastwagen und orangefarbenen Htchen.
Ein junger Mann in lilafarbener American Football-Ausrstung versucht, dem Angriff eines anderen jungen Mannes in weier Ausrstung zu entgehen.
Ein Mann mit einer Tasse ruht sich auf dem Boden aus.
Ein in der Nhe eines Baumes sitzender Mann grinst und hlt eine weie Kaffeetasse hoch.
Vier Mnner bei einem Lastwagen unterhalten sich.
Ein kleines Mdchen steht an der Strae und beobachtet einen kleinen Jungen, der auf der Strae sitzt.
Zwei Mnner machen von einem Balkon aus eine Ankndigung.
Ein Mdchen mit einer roten Percke lchelt, als mehrere als Clowns verkleidete Personen vorbeigehen.
Zwei Hunde spielen am Strand miteinander.
Verkleidete Teilnehmer werfen bei einem Umzug Konfetti und Sigkeiten von einem Motivwagen.
Ein Surfer reitet auf einer kleinen Welle.
Zwei Mnner stehen in einer Stadt auf der Strae und der Mann rechts zeigt auf etwas.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute reckt bei einem Live-Konzert die Arme in die Hhe.
Der Mann greift ber den Tisch nach mehr Essen.
Ein Mann, der einen Handschuh trgt und ein Stck Metall schleift.
Ein brtiger Mann spielt auf der Strae auf einer Akustikgitarre.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt entspannt in einem Caf.
Ein Teenager und ein jngeres Kind unterhalten sich bei einer Versammlung im Park.
Eine Frau geht an einem Waffengeschft im Westernstil vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einem Megaphon marschiert voran und spricht zu in blaue Gewnder gekleidete Personen.
Zwei Mnner  einer in Schwarz, der andere in Grn und Denim  auf der Tanzflche.
Zwei Mnner in Oberhemden und mit Mikrophonen singen zusammen.
Eine Gruppe Menschen feiert in einem Gebude.
Eine Person im karierten Hemd steht in einer Menschenmenge vor einer Musikgruppe.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Weste spielt Schlagzeug.
Eine Truppe von Leuten singt auf einer Party.
Vier Mnner spielen Instrumente und singen.
Ein Skifahrer mit Skibrille zuckt mit den Schultern beim Anblick eines Schilds mit der Aufschrift Nur fr Experten und im Hintergrund sind schneebedeckte Berge zu sehen.
Mehrere Personen tanzen in einem Raum, in dem ein kleines Konzert stattfindet.
Bandmitglieder spielen und der Tambourmajor hebt seine Trommeln, um ein anderes Mitglied der Band anzugreifen.
Ein Gitarrespieler mit schwarzem Hut spielt auf seinen Knien.
Zwei Frauen tanzen zusammen vor einer Musikgruppe und auf einem Plakat steht Live in Concert.
Ein Mann tanzt vor einer Musikgruppe.
Sieben Mnner stehen mit Mikrophonen und Gitarren auf einer Bhne, whrend mehrere junge Mnner und Frauen tanzen und schauen.
Ein Musiker mit einem schwarzen Hut spielt auf einem Keyboard.
Ein Mann zieht einen Wagen voller Objekte.
Braut und Brutigam tanzen am Empfang.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse steht am Eingang eines Geschfts, das folkloristische Waren verkauft.
Menschen aus einem auslndischen Dorf sammeln Ressourcen.
Drei orientalisch aussehende Personen gehen durch mehrere Glasflaschen.
Frauen in Sari untersuchen eine Grafik.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit Hut sitzt in einem Stuhl im Sand und hlt ein Netz in den Hnden.
Ein Mann poliert Schuhe.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd schiebt einen Wagen voller Waren.
Inderinnen sprechen auf einem Feldweg ber ihre Arbeit.
Drei Damen mit Schals um ihre Kpfe graben ein Loch.
Eine Gruppe Frauen fllt Papiere aus.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit Turban geht mit anderen Personen in einheimischer Kleidung einen Feldweg entlang.
Vier Personen stehen vor einem weien Haus.
Ein Kerl mit weit aufgerissenen Augen in einer blauen Jacke hlt ein Bier in der Hand und steht neben einem anderen Kerl, der sich die Nase hlt.
Ein Mann versucht, in einer belebten Strae Obst zu verkaufen.
Fnf attraktive Frauen in schwarzen Minircken und roten Oberteilen lehnen sich aus einem roten Auto.
Eine Frau zeigt ihren Bauch und hlt dabei ein Bier in der Hand.
Zwei Jungs spielen Fuball und jagen beide dem Ball nach.
Ein Mann in formeller Kleidung beim Grillen oder beim Reinigen des Grills.
Nachtschwrmer nehmen an der chinesischen Neujahrsparade mit Feuerwerkskrpern teil.
Ein Mdchen steht und ein weiteres sitzt bei einem Baum.
Ein Mann mit zwei Hunden an der Leine geht den Gehweg entlang.
Eine nackte Person steht auf einem Felsen.
Eine junge Frau in einer rosafarbenen Bluse sitzt auf einer Veranda und webt mit einem Webstuhl.
Eine Frau sieht vor einem Caf in ihre Geldbrse.
Zwei Kerle teilen sich einen Kopfhrer und hren in einer U-Bahn Musik.
Ein Junge erklimmt einen Berg.
Ein Mann marschiert vor zwei Menschenreihen in Uniform.
Ein Mann in einer lndlichen Gegend arbeitet mit landwirtschaftlichem Gert in einer sumpfigen Umgebung.
Ein Glasblser formt eine Flasche vor einem Glasofen im Hintergrund.
Vier wei gekleidete Mnner spielen Saxophon vor Publikum.
Menschen stehen auf den Balkonen und dem Deck eines Schiffs.
Ein junger Mann mit Irokesenhaarschnitt berquert unachtsam die Strae.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Matte inmitten roter Frchte.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht um einen Mann herum, der im Freien an einer Nhmaschine sitzt.
Eine Frau und ein junges Mdchen sitzen nebeneinander und essen.
Zwei Damen gehen die Strae entlang. Eine von ihnen trgt eine schwere Last.
Eine Frau in Rot spielt Gitarre und singt, whrend ein Paar dazu tanzt.
Ein Bahnarbeiter arbeitet auf den Schienen.
Ein Mann bereitet sich beim Billard auf seinen Sto vor.
Eine alte Frau mit einem Einkaufswagen voller Lebensmittel.
Ein Mann in einer grauen Jacke steht neben einer Strae.
Zwei kleine Jungen treten beim Flag Football gegeneinander an.
Ein blondhaariger Mann sieht einer Frau in einem knallbunten Kostm beim Tanzen auf der Bhne zu.
Ein Mann mit Brille spricht beim Einkaufen von Orangensaft mit einer Frau.
Ein Mann arbeitet in irgendeiner Mine oder Hhle.
Die Bedienung stellt bei einer Versammlung den Kuchen auf den Tisch. 
Ein lterer Mann sitzt neben einigen Haushaltsartikeln aus Plastik und Dosen mit Farbe und liest Zeitung.
Die Fans applaudieren, als die Rollerskater vorbeifahren.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Hemd und blauer Jeans macht barfu einen Rckwrtssalto.
Ich vertraue auf den tatowierten Mann.
Ein Mann malt Wandmalereien auf den Gehweg.
Ein Asiate kocht Fleisch ber einem offenen Grill.
Ein Weier im braunen Hemd hlt einen Papierteller mit Essen in der Hand.
Fnf Jungen in Trikots und mit Mtzen spielen Flag Football im Freien.
Ein Mann verwendet einen Mopp, whrend zwei andere Mnner aus dem Hintergrund zusehen.
Ein Mann springt auf einer Brcke aus Stein nahe eines Berges.
Eine Dame im schwarzen Hoodie steht in der Nhe eines alten rostigen Lasters.
Wir mssen darber nachdenken und du bis schuld daran.
Ein Mann in einer offiziellen Jacke und mit Hut lehnt an einem Gelnder und liest Zeitung.
Sechs Personen wandern in einer verschneiten Landschaft.
Eine schwarzhaarige Frau in einer rotkarierten Schrze bereitet das Essen zu.
Drei Arbeiter in leuchtend grnen Westen machen eine Pause.
Eine Gruppe von Personen wartet im Freien auf das Ende der Hochzeit und den Beginn der eigentlichen Feierlichkeiten.
Ein kleiner weier Hund steht auf einem Bein, um einen Ball zu fangen.
Mehrere Personen in einer Grostadt, in der Konzessionen gelten.
Ein Mann stellt sich beim Rasieren vor einem Spiegel ungeschickt an.
Zwei Mnner fahren auf Rdern eine Strae neben einem grauen Gebude entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen umarmt einen Schauspieler im Stitch-Kostm.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke fischt in einem Fluss und unterhlt sich dabei mit seinem Freund, der kein Hemd anhat.
Eine Frau in einem geblmten Kleid trgt Gemse.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd spielt auf einer Bhne auf einer weien Gitarre.
Cheerleader tanzen auf einem Football-Feld.
Ein Mann mit einer Ttowierung auf dem Arm spielt Akkordeon.
Drei Jungen gren sich auf dem Wasser.
Sieben Personen beim Radfahren auf einer sandigen Strecke.
Eine Frau sitzt vor einem Computer.
Mehrere Personen in grner Kleidung tragen einen groen Stab, der wie ein Kreuz aussieht.
Eine Frau mit einem braunen Hut umarmt ein Kind.
Ein lterer Mann schlft in einem Zugabteil und die Spiegelungen der anderen Bahn-Passagiere neben ihm sind im Fenster zu sehen.
Zwei Mdchen putzen und ein Mdchen albert herum.
Eine Frau in einer grnen Burka und mit Sonnenbrille geht auf dem Gehweg zwischen einer Strae und einem Zaun entlang und schiebt etwas vor sich her.
Ein Militrbeamter grt Kinder, die die amerikanische Fahne schwenken.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Oberteil sitzt am Pool.
Ein Mann in einem offiziellen gelben Hemd beobachtet den Verkehr.
Ein weier Hund mit einem Pullover und ein schwarz-brauner Hund beschnuppern sich.
Eine Gruppe junger Schler posiert vor einem Schild.
Zwei Mnner an Bord eines Schnellboots, das ruhig im Wasser liegt.
Ein kleines Mdchen steht im Badezimmer und putzt sich die Zhne.
Ein Mann im Nadelstreifenanzug geht die Strae entlang und bemerkt dabei nicht das sonderbare Poster zu seiner Linken.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Jacken sitzen auf einem Objekt und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke arbeitet auf einer Treppe.
Ein Volleyballspieler springt hoch, um den Ball zu schmettern.
Ein Mann hebt eine Frau beim Tanzen hoch, um fr ein Foto zu posieren.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer Terrasse mit einem Baby.
Zwei ltere Mnner und eine altere Frau sitzen an einem Tisch und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Kleid steigt vorsichtig ber eine Pftze.
Drei Frauen in Geschftskleidung stehen vor einem Fenster.
Ein Kind lchelt und hlt eine Fahne, whrend andere im Hintergrund sitzen.
Zwei Hunde tollen im Schnee herum.
Ein kleiner Junge weicht zurck, als ihn ein Reh auf die Wange ksst.
Vier Mnner halten eine Prsentation und etwa acht Personen hren zu.
Mehrere Personen in Mnteln sehen sich ein Spiel an.
Zwei Frauen, eine davon mit einem Baby in einem Kinderwagen, unterhalten sich vor einer stehenden U-Bahn.
Ein Mann und eine Frau auf einem Motorrad.
Eine an einem Seil hngende Person nahe einer groen Metallkonstruktion.
Eine Menschenansammlung, die anderen beim Musizieren zusieht.
Eine Gruppe von Musikern spielt vor Zuschauern.
Ein Mann geht mit einem weien Hund an der Leine in einem Park spazieren.
Beamte des NYPD beobachten Personen auf einer Strandpromenade.
Zwei Frauen gehen durch die Straen und spielen Tuba und Cello.
Eine Gruppe von drei Jungen spielt Fuball und ein erwachsener Mann schaut zu.
Ein Verkufer wartet darauf, dass die Kunden Bier bestellen.
Ein Mann mit einem Turban auf dem Kopf kniet auf einem Gebetsteppich und betet.
Eine Person hat einen Reifen eines Busses abmontiert und sucht in der Ersatzradmulde herum.
Ein Arbeiter arbeitet ganz oben auf einem Telefonmast an den Kabeln.
Eine Frau auf einem Segway steht mit einigen Mnnern in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem braun-grauen Kapuzenpullover schiebt in einem eingezunten Innenhof einen Handrasenmher vor sich her.
Ein Mann regelt den Verkehr, whrend ein Telefontechniker seiner Arbeit nachgeht.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd steht vor einem Verkaufsstand fr ein Produkt.
Die Musiker spielen fr die Menge.
Mehrere Personen spielen auf verschiedenen Instrumenten, whrend sie die Strae hinutermarschieren.
Ein Mann steht im Wasser.
Ein Erwachsener mit einem Kleinkind vor der Brust geht zusammen mit einem weiteren Kind durch einen Wald.
Ein Spielmannszug spielt bei einer Parade fr die Zuschauer.
Schwarz und blau gekleidete Mitglieder des Spielmannszugs spielen die Trommel und andere Instrumente.
Eine Frau hlt bei einer Straenkundgebung ein schwarzes Schild.
Eine junge Frau mit Dreadlocks singt und spielt Akustikgitarre auf der Bhne.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in einem Kleinbus.
Eine Gruppe von Seeleuten geht in einer Reihe auf einem Gehweg entlang.
Ein Junge in Baseballkleidung bereitet sich auf einen Pitch vor.
Ein Vogel fliegt durch die Luft, whrend Kinder am Strand spielen.
Ein Mann schiebt eine Bahre voller Sanittsartikeln.
Ein Mann sitzt in seinem Auto und sein Arm ruht auf der Tr.
Der braune Hund hat etwas in seinem Maul.
Ein Straenhndler kmmert sich um seinen Stand mit jeder Menge Spielzeug und anderen Dingen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau singen auf einer Bhne.
Eine dunkelhaarige und eine blonde Frau in Badeanzgen trinken Cocktails auf einer Terrasse.
Ein Junge in der Schule schneidet mit einer Schere Papier.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd tanzt mit geschlossenen Augen.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen Shirt spielt ein Jahrmarktsspiel.
Ein Mann steht bei Sonnenuntergang im Schnee.
Ein junger muskulser Afroamerikaner putzt mit nacktem Oberkrper einen Fisch.
Zwei dunkelhutige Jungen sitzen in Fischerbooten und werfen die Netze aus.
Eine junger blondhaariger Junge putzt sich vor einem Spiegel die Zhne.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in orientalisch aussehender Kleidung laufen eine Strae hinunter.
Ein glcklicher Mann in einem blauen Kragenhemd tippt an seinem Computer.
Zwei schwarze Pudel beim spielerischen Rangeln auf einem gepflegten Rasen.
Ein Mann mit einer furchterregenden Maske in einer Show.
Ein Junge geht an einem Mann im orangefarbenen Overall vorbei, der auf der Strae den Mll zusammenkehrt.
Ein Weier sitzt mit einem Getrnk an einem Tisch.
Ein junger Mann in einem roten Shirt macht Tricks mit einem Skateboard.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen auf einer Veranda sehen etwas an.
Ein Mann mit einem braunen Hut sitzt neben einem grnen Gebsch und schaut auf das Wasser.
Ein Teenager mit gestreiften rmeln spielt Gitarre.
Fnf junge Frauen haben sich in einem Zimmer mit grnen und blauen Sthlen versammelt.
Zwei Arbeiter stellen Laternen auf.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart und einem Turban auf seinem Kopf sitzt mit einem Werkzeug auf einem Baum.
Zwei dunkelhutige Mnner, von denen einer ein Messer hat, stehen vor etwas Laubwerk.
Whrend die Sonne untergeht macht ein Junge Seifenblasen bei Felsen nahe einem See oder am Meer.
Ein Mann mit einer grauen Strickmtze zndet sich eine Zigarette an.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit einem organgefarbenen Stoffhut gehen einen Feldweg entlang.
Ein deutscher Schferhund im Sprung.
Fnf Personen stehen unter einer zelthnlichen Konstruktion und feiern das 25. Annual Longboard Classic.
Eine Frau fhnt die Haare eines kleinen Jungen in einem Friseursalon.
Ein Asiate im orangefarbenen Anzug und mit Brille untersucht ein junges Mdchen.
Ein lterer Weier raucht eine Zigarre.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen am Essensstand eines Straenhndlers.
Zwei Mnner stehen unter einem Wasserfall.
Diese Schler im Klassenzimmer setzen sich und arbeiten.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem Rucksack nhert sich einem Steinbogen.
Ein junges Prchen, beide blond, weiblich und in rotkarierter Jacke mit einer Designertasche und brauen Stiefeln, berquert die Strae.
Ein drolliger Mann drckt seine Faust gegen eine zerbrochene Betonplatte.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Gehweg mit einer Zeitung in seiner Hand.
Ein Asiate in farbenfrohem Gewand schreibt in seiner traditionellen Sprache.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen in brauen Sthlen an einem Tisch mit Getrnken.
Ein Mann liegt neben einem Pool mit einem Wasserfall in der Sonne.
Blick von oben auf einen Mann, der die Klippen bis nach ganz oben hochklettern mchte.
Die Kinder konzentrieren sich auf den grauen Gegenstand.
Ein Mann trgt eine weie Percke, einen Bart und eine lilafarbene Robe und viele Menschen schauen ihn an und machen Fotos.
Ein lterer Mann und eine Frau beim Essen.
Drei Personen sehen sich aus Felsen geschlagene Skulpturen in einem Gewsser an.
Football-Spieler stehen auf dem Spielfeld in einer Reihe.
Jemand entspannt in der Htte, als eine Person mit einem Hut vorbeigeht, der wie eine Obstschale aussieht.
Ein Football-Spieler versucht, ein Field Goal zu erzielen.
Ein Football-Spieler sieht whrend einem Spiel auf den Football hinunter.
Eine modische dunkelhutige Frau sitzt in einem Zug.
Eine Frau und ein junges Mdchen gehen eine Wand entlang, auf der die Zahl 96 zu lesen ist.
Mehrere Jungs spielen auf dem Football-Feld Football.
Eine Frau in einer roten Bluse ohne rmel und mit schwarzer kurzer Hose luft.
Eine Frau in mehreren Schichten Kleidung kmmert sich um das Ackerland.
Zwei Feuerwehrmnner spritzen Wasser aus einem schwarzen Schlauch.
Ein seltsam aussehender Junge hat Spa beim Spielen mit Heu.
Eine Frau in traditioneller Kleidung sitzt auf dem Boden neben einem Kreidekunstwerk.
Eine Person schlendert nachts im Neonlicht die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in einer weien Schrze und mit Handschuhen schrt unter einem groen Feuer vor einem Stapel Holz die Kohlen.
Sechs Personen pflanzen scheinbar etwas ein.
Eine Frau luft bei einem Straenmarathon mit.
Ein als Pirat verkleideter Straenknstler in der ffentlichkeit.
Dieser Mann fhrt Ski im weien Schnee und fhrt durch irgendeinen Parcours.
Ein Straengeschft, in dem Gemse verkauft wird.
Ein zerzaust aussehender Mann trgt Holzscheite mit dem Jungel im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe Afrikaner luft vor etwas davon.
Ein Asiate und eine Asiatin sitzen an einem Tisch, der Mann vor einem Laptop und die Frau mit einem Becher.
Ein Mann mit einer Maske in einem unordentlichen Zimmer.
Ein Junge macht in seinem Karate-Gi neben einem anderen Jungen Karate.
Ein Mann blickt nach oben, whrend ihn andere Leute auf der Strae beobachten.
Ein Rodeo-Reiter an einem Haus, der versucht, mit einem rosafarbenen Seil einen Jungbullen mit Hrnern einzufangen.
Schauspieler in Kostmen posieren auf einer Veranstaltung.
Fischer wiegen auf dem Markt ihren Fang am Ende eines langen Arbeitstags.
Eine braunhaarige Dame hlt eine Schachtel mit einem geschnitzten Gesicht darauf in der Hand.
Drei Personen auf einem Flughafen warten auf einen Flug.
Ein Mann bgelt und raucht dabei eine Zigarette.
Ein indianischer Mann in einer senffarbenen Jacke schaufelt sehr viel Schnee.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Pullover hlt ein rundes dekoratives Kissen in der Hand.
Die Leute auf der Strae kommen, um den Tisch der Frauen zu inspizieren.
Ein Mdchen in einer gestreiften Bluse sitzt auf einer Bank in der Nhe eines Mnztelefons.
Zwei Kinder sitzen und eines steht hinter ihnen.
Ein Junge in einer gelben Jacke hlt einen roten Topf.
Zwei kleine Mdchen zeichnen und hren dabei einer Band in einer Bar oder einem Restaurant zu.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich, als vier Kinder vorbeilaufen.
Eine Frau und ein nach links zeigender Mann stehen an einer Straenecke vor einem Geschft, in dem Tabak und Zeitschriften verkauft werden.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm schaut nach oben.
Eine ltere Frau hebt auf ihrer Steinterrasse einen Baumzweig auf.
Ein Arbeiter kmmert sich um herumspritzendes Wasser.
Ein orientalisch aussehender Mann mit Brille und einer farbenfrohen Weste geht zusammen mit einem blonden Mdchen die Strae hinunter.
Eine Menschenmenge unterhlt sich in einer Bar.
Jngere Kinder sitzen und liegen auf dem Boden zwischen Kleidung und Mll.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Hemd spielt Gitarre.
Ein lchelndes Mdchen mit einer Ttowierung auf dem Handgelenk legt sich in das herrliche grne Gras.
Eine Frau hlt ihre Hand voller Ringe vor den Spiegel.
Eine Frau in einem wei-beige gestreiften Pullover nimmt in einem Bro Anrufe entgegen.
Zwei ltere Mnner sehen sich Fotos an und sprechen ber ihr Leben.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und einer im gestreiften Hemd singen mit Mikrophonen.
Vater und Sohn starten in einem Boot zu einem Angelausflug.
Zwei Mnner in Anzgen sitzen vor Zuschauern, whrend mit einem Projektor das Bild eines Mannes gezeigt wird.
Personen sprechen mit einem groen Fernsehgert.
Ein Hund holt sich gleich einen Ball auf einem orangefarbenen Teppich.
Eine blonde Frau schaut ber ein Holzgelnder.
Ein Mann in Arbeitskleidung und mit einem weien Schutzhelm im Wasser.
Eine Frau zeigt Emotionen, whrend sie an einem Mikrophon steht.
Ein Mann mit Mtze und Spitzbart lehnt am Fenster und liest eine Zeitschrift.
Ein Kind im gelben T-Shirt klettert einen Baum hinauf.
Ein Mdchen im gelben T-Shirt springt an einem klaren Tag in ein Feld.
Ein Mann kehrt die Strae vor einem Haus mit Tor.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid hlt ein Stck Papier in der Hand, whrend sie in ein Mikrophon spricht.
Eine Frau und zwei Mnner spielen auf Saiteninstrumenten.
Ein Mann liegt auf einer belebten Strae und wird von Passanten einfach ignoriert.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Jacke und Hut hngt aus dem Fenster eines Zugs.
Drei Kinder rollen einen grnen Hang hinunter in Richtung Parkplatz, wo eine Frau in ein weies Auto einsteigt.
Zwei schattenhafte Figuren stehen unter einer Brcke. Zu ihren Fen stehen zwei Dosen.
Frauen in farbenfroher, fremdartiger Kleidung unterhalten sich auf einem Markt neben einem Brotstand.
Ein junger Unternehmer hlt mit zwei MacBooks eine Prsentation.
Ein hemdloser Mann verwendet eine Farbwalze, um die Decke wei zu streichen.
Zwei junge Mdchen in Skelettkostmen an einer Leine.
Eine uniformierte Person steht vor einer Mautbrcke.
Zwei ltere Mnner lehnen sich im Sitzen mit ihren Gehstcken gegen eine blaue Wand.
Mehrere Personen sitzen in einem Raum auf Sthlen und eine Person steht.
Zwei Mnner in weien Hemden auf einer Party stehen herum.
Sieht aus wie ein Mann, der eine Familie bestehend aus Mutter, Vater und Sohn an einen Zielort transportiert.
Ein Mann sitzt mit gesenktem Kopf in einer U-Bahn.
Der Junge mit der schwarz-gelben Maske spricht mit dem Mann im blauen Hemd.
Eine Frau zuhause beim Bgeln.
Ein Mann in einem Zug hlt sich fr einen Schaffner.
Nachts auf der Strae geparkte Autos.
Ein Angehriger des Militrs marschiert bei einer Parade vor einer Prozession.
Eine Frau versucht, eine Eisskulptur zu schaffen.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Shirts sitzen hinter ihren farbigen Schlagzeugen.
Drei Mdchen stehen im Freien und eines der Mdchen weint.
Die Band spielt auf dem Football-Feld.
Eine Gruppe gehender Bauarbeiter.
Ein Schwimmer zieht in einem Pool seine Runden.
Zwei Football-Mannschaften treten in einem Spiel im Freien gegeneinander an.
Ein mnnlicher und ein weiblicher Koch beaufsichtigen die Speisen, die sie zubereiten.
Zwei Kinder essen Eiscreme auf einer Bank.
Ein brtiger Mann mit einer geffneten Gitarre und freigelegten Drhten.
Ein Paar sitzt zusammen vor dem Monitor eines Computers.
Eine Mann spielt auf einer besonderen Gitarre und sieht fern.
Ein Bauarbeiter macht eine kurze Pause.
Ein Mann mit einer Gitarre hat Drhte an seinen Fingern, um ihre Bewegungen zu verfolgen.
Eine Frau betrachtet den Computerbildschirm eines Mannes.
Zwei Menschen sitzen in einer Bar und unterhalten sich.
Mehrere Beamte an einem Tatort.
Zwei Polizisten sperren bei einem Vorstadthaus mit gelbem Band einen Tatort ab.
Zwei Personen in Anzgen gehen nach oben.
Ein Kind steht auf einem Weg mit der Sonne im Rcken.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und eine Frau trgt Handschuhe.
Zwei muslimische Mnner sitzen an ihren Stnden um Geld zu verdienen.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit einer Strickmtze mit Schneeflockenmuster darauf lchelt etwas.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt auf einem Klappstuhl und schaut auf die Strae.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einer beigefarbenen Schnitzerei und trgt dabei einen gelben Gehrschutz.
Der wei-braune Hund springt vom schneebedeckten Boden in die Luft.
Mehrere Personen stehen in einer schwach beleuchteten Bar herum und unterhalten sich.
Eine kleine Gruppe Teenager geht eine Strae hinunter. Sie machen Handbewegungen und tragen Strumpfhosen und Minircke.
Eine Asiatin in einer roten Jacke macht ein Foto.
Mehrere Personen in Kostmen wrmen sich an einem Feuer auf.
Ein Prchen posiert im Feld fr ein Bild.
Drei Jungen rangeln miteinander und greifen nach einem Mlleimer.
Ein lteres Paar steht lchelnd vor einem hohen Gebude.
Ein Mann mit Kopftuch und Lendenschurz verlegt und glttet an einem heien Tag einen Asphaltbelag nahe einem Wald.
Ein Mann verwendet einen Schweibrenner, um einen Angusskanal zu befestigen.
Ein Mann verwendet einen Bunsenbrenner an einem Testrhrchen und die Schler schauen zu.
Ein Baby, das seine Mdigkeit zeigt.
Ein Aufzug in einem Einkaufszentrum befindet sich vor einer gelb und grn gestrichenen Wand.
Eine in Rot und Schwarz gekleidete Person auerhalb einer Wand mit Rissen.
Ein Kind steht mit einer Stange neben einem Pool, um den Pool zu reinigen.
Ein Junge mit einem blauen T-Shirt liegt auf einem Bett.
Ein Mann mit Brille macht ein Foto von einem Zug.
Drei Teenager nahe einer Wand unterhalten sich.
Viele Menschen in einem Raum voller Halloween-Dekoration.
Eine Frau mit Handy luft durch den Schnee.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann spricht mit einer Frau auf der Strae.
Zwei Personen schauene aus dem Fenster und beobachten Radargerte.
Die Person im blauen Hemd und mit dem blauen Hut reitet auf einem weien Pferd.
Ein Vater macht zusammen mit seiner Tochter das Frhstck.
Einem kleinen Jungen sind mit einer Maske die Augen verbunden und er schlgt nach einer Pinata, whrend eine junge Frau und ein Kleinkind zusehen.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich auf einer Parkbank.
Zwei Jungen laufen um ein Mdchen herum, das unter einem Schirm liegt.
Ein Bauarbeiter mit seinem Schutzhelm telefoniert.
Eine Person fhrt in einem Gelndewagen ber trockenes Gelnde und hat fast nur grne Kleidung an.
Ein Mann hmmert auf einem Schuppen.
Ein Mann klettert die Flanke eines Berges hinauf.
Zwei Personen beim Klettern.
Ein blondhaariger Kletterer mit einem weien Shirt klettert Felsen hinauf.
Ein Mann in einer lindgrnen Weste regelt den Verkehr.
Zwei Personen in Regenkleidung beim Laubblasen im Gras an einem regnerischen Tag.
Ein Mann mit Brille rasiert sich vor einem Spiegel.
Viele Mnner in gelben Hemden und eine Frau in einem orangefarbenen Hemd nehmen an einem Spinnkurs teil und lcheln.
Ein Mann im grnen Hemd nimmt an einem Spinnkurs teil.
Zwei Damen auf einer Party, wobei die eine ihre Finger in ihrer Tasche hat und die anderen einen Drink in der Hand hlt.
Eine Frau biegt sich fr eine Gymnastikfigur nach hinten und hlt ein lilafarbenes Band in der Hand.
Eine Bndertnzerin springt mit nach hinten geneigtem Kopf durch die Luft mit einem grnen Band hinter ihr.
Eine maskierte Frau mit Brille hlt ein Baby.
Eine Frau in Gelb mit einer chirurgischen Maske hlt ein Kind an der Hand.
Ein gelber Luftballon schwebt ber ein Steingebude.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem roten Gewand mit einem Korb.
Eine Frau redet, whrend sie auf etwas wartet
Eine Frau serviert Essen neben der Strae.
Ein Mann in einer gelben Weste arbeitet auf der Strae.
Eine kleine Menschentraube inklusive einem Radfahrer bereitet sich darauf vor, die Strae zu berqueren.
Ein lchelnder Wanderer posiert auf dem Gipfel eines schneebedeckten Berges.
Ein Mann in einem Gelndewagen mit zwei Kindern auf der Rckbank.
Ein Junge sitzt in einem Bahnhofsgebude und schaut durch ein Glasfenster.
Eine Person mit einer kunstvollen Maske hlt vor einer Menschenmenge eine Fackel hoch.
Zwei Personen spielen ein Spiel in einer Spielhalle.
Ein Mann im Rollstuhl wird am Strand entlanggeschoben, whrend im Vordergrund zwei Kinder spielen.
Ein Jockey steigt hinter seinem Pferd eine Rampe hinauf.
Ein Mann mit einer gelben Baseballmtze und Sonnenbrille befindet sich auf einem Boot auf dem Wasser.
Vier Mnner sitzen in einem blauen Boot, whrend in der Nhe Rinder grasen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem grnen Mantel und ein Junge mit einem roten Schlitten gehen durch den Schnee.
Indianer fhren einen traditionellen Tanz auf eine Zeremonie auf.
Zwei Personen stehen vor einem Bahnhofsgebude aus Ziegeln und warten auf einen Zug.
Ein Junge steht in der Nhe von zum Trocknen aufgehngter Wsche.
Ein Junge probt im Park Kunststcke auf dem Skateboard.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hoodie versucht, im Park einen Trick auf seinem Skateboard zu machen.
Fnf junge kaukasische Erwachsene bereiten in einem Esszimmer gemeinsam das Essen zu.
Ein ukrainischer Mann in einem Kostm tanzt auf der Bhne.
Ein Paar in traditioneller hollndischer Kleidung tanzt auf einem Fest.
In den Straen findet eine Feier statt.
Ein Mann kratzt sich am Arm, whrend ein Mdchen an einem Tisch sitzt.
Drei Mnner sind um einen Obststand herum versammelt.
Zwei Kerle am Strand spielen im Sand, wobei einer der Freunde versucht, den anderen im Sprung mit einem Fukick zu treffen.
Ein Paar und seine Kinder entspannen auf einem Pier.
Ein Mann in einem roten Shirt klettert mit bloen Hnden einen Felsen hinauf.
Arbeiter prahlen in einem Starbucks.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und Jeans arbeitet mit einem Schraubenschlssel.
Drei kostmierte Personen gehen einen Gehweg entlang.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd mit Knpfen spielt Flte und trgt dabei eine Flasche und einen groen Stock mit zahlreichen Flten an einem Ende.
Zwei Jungen in blauen Pullovern umarmen sich fr ein Foto.
Sechs Personen auf der Bhne stellen sich fr eine Verbeugung auf.
Ein Hund mit offenem Maul schnappt nach dem roten Ball.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt in einem Kaninchenkfig mit zwei weien Kaninchen auf ihrem Scho.
Braut und Brutigam schneiden ihre Torte an.
Eine Frau geht auf den Hausmeister zu, der einen Regenmantel anhat und einen Reinigungswagen schiebt.
Zwei dunkelhutige Mdchen in lilafarbenen Blusen sitzen in der Nhe eines grnen Zauns.
Schwarze Schuljungen in Uniformen machen Geschfte mit einem Weien unter einem Garagentor.
Einige Menschen warten in einer Schlange.
Ein Mdchen im Katzenkostm sieht sich ein Buch an.
Ein Kerl in einem gelb-lila Outfit springt von einer Treppe.
Eine alte, warm angezogene Frau mit Hut, braunem Mantel und einem Stock hlt ein Stck Papier in der Hand.
An einem Straenlauf teilnehmende Lufer.
Lufer in verschiedenen Farben auf der linken Seite des Fotos und der Mann an der Spitze, winkt in die Kamera.
Eine alte Frau geht im Winter an einem Luxuswarengeschft vorbei.
Ein Mdchen in heller Kleidung spielt in den Blttern.
Eine Gruppe Lufer wird whrend eines Marathons fotografiert.
Mehrere Personen ruhen sich nahe einem Wald und einem Fluss aus.
Von Frau zu Frau sage ich dir: Halte deinen Drink fest!
Ein jdischer Mann hlt den Kopf eines anderen Mannes, der sich in seine Richtung verbeugt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen an einem Warnschild vorbei.
Zwei kleine Kinder liegen auf einer Veranda in Schlafscken.
Aus zwei und drei Personen bestehende Gruppen stehen um einen Brunnen herum.
Zwei ltere Mnner stehen in einem gepflasterten Gsschen zwischen knallbunten Husern und unterhalten sich.
Eine Person in einem gelben Hemd geht mit einem groen Korb die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf einer Bank und lesen Bcher.
Lufer laufen an einer Zuschauermenge vorbei.
Viele Teilnehmer laufen einen Marathon und die Zuschauer sehen ihnen zu.
Eine Gruppe Schwimmer springt in ein Schwimmbecken.
@@
Ein Sportler schwimmt bei einem Schwimmwettkampf.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd hlt ein Papier voller mathematischer Gleichungen hoch.
Fnf Wanderer gehen einen Hang hinunter.
Ein Mann an einem Schuhputzstand putzt die Schuhe eines Kunden.
Ein Mann mit Kopfhrern mixt Musik.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd beugt sich ber einen Computer.
Fnf Mnner in einem Labor schauen durch Mikroskope.
Ein Vietnamese fhrt mit einem Traktor durch einen Hohlweg und hinten sitzt eine Frau.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Bluse schreibt an einem Laptop.
Ein Schlagzeuger spielt auf der Bhne wie besessen auf seinem Instrument.
Ein Mann im schwarzen Shirt singt in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mann spielt auf der Strae mit seinem Skateboard.
Zwei junge Personen betrachten einen Brunnen.
Zwei Mnner fahren mit ihren Skateboards in der Mitte der Strae.
Ein Mann fhrt Skateboard und zwei andere sehen zu.
Zwei mnnliche Bandmitglieder spielen Gitarre vor einem Mikrophon.
Ein Mann kocht in der Kche etwas zu essen.
Ein alter Mann und zwei Kinder auf der Veranda sehen ber das Gelnder.
Ein Blumenhndler auf dem Gehweg sieht sich an, was der Kunde gekauft hat.
Ein Baby lchelt eine Frau ber einen Tisch hinweg an.
Ein Geistlicher sitzt in einem altmodischen Beichtstuhl aus Holz.
Ein Hund im Wasser mit zur Seite geneigtem Kopf fixiert einen Ball.
Zwei farbenfroh gekleidete Frauen mit Hten sehen etwas an.
Ein Mann mit kurzem Haar und Bart hlt ein Baby auf dem Arm.
Ein junger Mann sieht sich rohes, an Haken hngendes Fleisch an.
Ein Radfahrer schiebt sein Rad in einem Tunnel, in dem das Radfahren nicht erlaubt ist.
Ein Mdchen mit Schutzbrille lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters im Karateanzug trainiert mit einer anderen maskierten Person.
Ein Mann und seine Schlittenhunde fahren eine verschneite Strae entlang.
Ein kleiner Junge in Blau spielt in einem Zimmer mit vielen Spielsachen.
Diverse Personen auf einem Flughafen machen verschiedene Dinge.
Der schwarz-braune Hund trgt beim Laufen etwas in seinem Maul.
Ein weier Hund mit einer Schwimmweste begleitet einen Mann in einem Boot.
Eine groe Gruppe Frauen in rosafarbenen Shirts und schwarzen Hosen strecken ihre Arme in die Luft, wobei der rechte Arm ausgestreckt und der linke Arm nach innen abgewinkelt ist.
Ein Mann sieht eine Frau an, die auf einem Fahrrad an ihm vorbeifhrt.
Zwei Mnner sehen sich die Vorderseite eines Schneerumfahrzeugs an.
Ein Kind in einem Mantel sieht nach hinten, um jemanden anzusehen.
Eine Gruppe Frauen steht in der Nhe einer Gruppe von Soldaten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau diskutieren miteinander, whrend Militrangehrige zusehen.
Eine Gruppe Kinder steht im Kreis und hlt sich an den Hnden.
Uniformierte Soldaten schauen auf zwei kleine Kinder hinunter.
Zwei Mnner in Militruniformen stehen vor einem Lastwagen voller Spielzeug.
Eine Frau mit einem kleinen Kind an der Hand zeigt ihre Zustimmung.
Ein Soldat sieht eine Digitalkamera an, whrend ihn ein Kind mit einem Saft in der Hand durch eine Sonnenbrille ansieht.
Zwei Mnner in Militruniformen und ein Junge posieren fr ein Foto.
Soldaten stehen in Formation auerhalb eines Gebudes und ein Mann in Straenkleidung steht in ihrer Nhe.
Eine Gruppe Dorfbewohner bereitet sich auch einen Regenschauer vor.
Ein Mann in militrischer Tarnkleidung und einem dunkelgrnen Schutzhelm hlt eine eingerahmte Zeichnung eines Kindes in der Hand.
Ein Arbeiter mit Schutzhelm wird interviewt.
Mnner knieen im Freien auf einer geflieten Oberflche um ein Brettspiel.
Auf diesem Bild sehen wir einen Mann, der in einer Kche kocht.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt in einem Kfig mit zwei braun-weien Kaninchen.
Ein Mann beim Schnee schippen zwischen zwei schwarzen Fahrzeugen.
Ein Junge fhrt mit dem Skateboard auf einem Gehweg und hat ein wei gestreiftes T-Shirt und eine schwarze Hose an.
Ein lterer Mann auf seinem Motorrad mit einem groen weien Gebude im Hintergrund.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann mit Hemd und Krawatte steht beim Essen und trinkt Wein.
Ein Fuballspiel zwischen zwei Mannschaften in blauen und roten Dressen.
Dieser Mann trgt einen roten Helm und Flip-Flops und fhrt einen Spyder.
Ein Schiffskapitn berprft die Schwimmwesten seiner Passagiere.
Zwei Frauen lcheln und unterhalten sich, whrend beide eine Bierdose in den Hnden halten.
Ein Mann mit erhobener Hand.
Mehrere Personen beim Essen in legerer Geschftskleidung.
Ein Mann auf einer Gelndemaschine im Sprung bei einem Wettbewerb.
Bei einer Radsportveranstaltung mit Braun-Markierungen an den Wnden ist etwas schief gelaufen und ein Fahrer fliegt auf seinem Rad durch die Luft, whrend andere zusehen.
Eine Gromutter hlt ein weinendes Baby.
Ein Mann in einem dunklen Pullover sitzt mit einem roten Stift und einer Zeitung an einem Tisch.
Ein Mdchen mit Zpfen und rosa Schleifen reitet auf einem Pony.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd blickt auf einen Umschlag in einem Bro.
Ein Mann bedient einen Bulldozer bei Arbeiten an den Abwasserleitungen.
Ein Grabenbagger hebt vor einem Gebude einen Graben aus.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Strommasten und posiert bei der Arbeit.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Mantel und mit Latexhandschuhen betrachtet etwas in der Ferne.
Ein Mann mit Hut und Brille steht herum.
Ein Paar in schwarzen Mnteln blickt freundlich in die Kamera.
Ein Paar ist vom Blitzlicht einer Kamera geblendet.
Zwei Personen sitzen auf einer Bank mit Blick auf eine groe Fensterfront.
Eine militrische Zeremonie wird von Pfadfindern besucht.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover posiert mit seinem Wikingerhelm, whrend ein anderer Mann in einem Mantel mit seiner Kamera ein Foto macht.
Ein Mann in einer karierten Jacke arbeitet mit Blumen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten Hndchen auf einem grasbewachsenen Feld.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Gehweg neben seinem Schuhputzstand.
Eine Gruppe Pfadfinder in Alarmstellung.
Kriegsveteranen besuchen eine Gedenkfeier im Freien.
Ein altes Paar in Winterjacken steht vor einem Einkaufszentrum.
Auslndische Kmpfer oder Behrden sorgen fr Recht und Ordnung in den Straen.
Eine Frau schpft mit den Hnden Wasser am Waschbecken im Bad, whrend neben ihr ein Kind steht.
Zwei Mnner stehen vor einem braunen Gebude.
Eine Person beobachtet zwei Personen, die auf einer Steinbank sitzen und Objekte betrachten, die sie aus einem gelben Eimer nehmen.
Ein weihaariger Mann geht den Gehweg entlang.
Eine Gruppe Kinder fhrt einen Tanz in traditioneller, farbiger Kleidung auf.
Eine Frau streckt sich in der Kche, whrend Sie in einer Schssel Zutaten mischt.
Zwei Erwachsene unterhalten sich drauen, whrend sie ein kleiner Junge beobachtet.
Ein Mann versucht, auf einem ffentlichen Platz zu fernsehen.
Ein im Bus sitzender Mann schlft mit seiner Tasche auf dem Scho.
Ein alter Mann spielt Saxophon auf der Strae.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem braunen Stuhl im Zentrum eines Einkaufszentrums.
Eine Frau lackiert die Fingerngel einer anderen Frau in leuchtendem Violett.
Eine Feier in einer Moschee mit vielen Beobachtern, bei der ein Mann spricht und ein anderer Mann die Gewnder anderer Personen in Ordnung bring, deren Gesichter teilweise verborgen sind.
Ein gealterter Asiate steht in einem grauen Flur.
Zwei Fuballer  einer in Wei, der andere in Kastanienbraun  spielen und der Spieler in Wei versucht einen Kopfball.
Ein Mann geht an einer Bushaltestelle mit Graffiti vorbei.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart in einem blauen Hemd telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein Bauarbeiter legt sich nieder, um zu rasten, whrend der andere in einem Stuhl sitzt.
Im Hintergrund stehen drei Personen am Ufer zwischen mehreren Kanus und der junge Mann im Vordergrund paddelt in einer Schwimmweste und lchelnd durch das Wasser.
Die Lagerleiter versammeln sich und organisieren die Informationen und junge Mdchen fr ihre Lagergruppen.
Zwei Mnner, ein jngerer und ein lterer, stehen an etwas, das wie eine Steuertafel auf einem Flughafen aussieht.
Eine Menschenmenge besucht eine Outdoor-Veranstaltung.
Eine Frau in Rosa hlt vor einer Gedenksttte fr die Gefallenen ein Buch in der Hand.
Ein kleines Mdchen streckt seinen Arm aus, um mit den Marathonlufern abzuklatschen.
Kinder und Erwachsene, die alle blaue Ruckscke tragen, stehen auf einem Pfad in der Wste.
Ein Mann kniet auf einem Kai, whrend neben ihm ein Hund ins Wasser springt.
Ein Hund mit einer glnzenden Hundemarke ndert seinen Laufweg.
Eine Menschenmenge beim Essen in einem Restaurant.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer grn-weien Uniform luft auf einen rot, schwarz und goldfarben gemusterten Fuball zu.
Ein Mann steht vor der Glastr eines Kunstzentrums.
Ein kleines Kind mit weit geffnetem Mund wartet auf einen groen Lffel voller Essen.
Eine schwarze Frau in einem orangefarbenen Kleid schaufelt Krner.
In Sari gekleidete Frauen gehen einen Feldweg hinunter.
Zwei Mnner sitzen an einem unordentlichen Computertisch in einem weien Raum.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf der Strae. Die Szene sieht fast wie in einem Film aus, der an einem sonnigen Tag in Kalifornien spielt.
Eine Gruppe Menschen auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Ein kleines Kind entspannt und geniet einen Snack, whrend es in einer Wanne sitzt, aus der seine Fe herausragen.
Personen auf einem Markt kaufen Obst und Gemse.
Eine belebte Strae in Indien mit Geschften und Menschen, die umherschlendern, mit dem Fahrrad unterwegs sind und ihren tglichen Geschften nachgehen.
Der kleine Junge hat von oben den Fotographen erspht.
Eine Frau und ihr Kind schieben auf einem Backsteinweg ein Kleinkind in einem Kinderwagen.
Ein kleiner Junge in blauer kurzer Hose und einem gelben Shirt schiebt einen Kinderwagen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Pullover spricht im Wald zu einer Gruppe Kinder.
Ein blonder Knstler im weien Outfit steht auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann mit einer Violine singt in ein Mikrophon.
Zwei blonde Damen sitzen auf einem Sofa und trinken Wein.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jeans und einer Weste legt sich auf einer Bank neben einer Flasche Bier nieder.
Mehrere kleine Kinder spielen Basketball.
Ein junger Weier mit Brille rasiert sich mit einem Rasierapparat.
Ein Koch wrzt frisches Popcorn am Fenster.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke und mit Skibekleidung im Sprung mit einem Snowboard und einer roten Struktur im Hintergrund.
Ein Snger auf der Bhne bei einem Konzert.
Ein mit Ttowierungen bedeckter Mann in einer weien Hose steht mitten auf der Bhne, whrend drei andere Personen vor ihm stehen.
Eine junge Frau balanciert auf einer erhhten Plattform.
Ein Mann in dunkler Badehose spielt mit einem Jungen in roter Badehose am Strand.
Ein Afrikaner sitzt auf einer Bank und malt ein Bild.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Mantel legt in einem Zug Schminke auf.
Ein Koch bereitet in der Kche das Mittagessen zu.
Zwei Jungen denken darber nach, was sie kaufen sollen, und zwei Jungen heben Geld auf, das ihnen heruntergefallen ist.
Drei Frauen in Jacken berqueren die Strae.
Ein Mann springt in die Luft, whrend mehrere Personen herumstehen und ihn ignorieren.
Der kleine braune Hund springt ber die Ziegelmauer.
Jemand geht einen einsamen Weg in einem fast verlassenen Durchgang entlang.
Ein Mann meditiert mit geschlossenen Augen auf dem Rasen.
Ein Mann mit Baseballmtze stellt eine Skulptur eines Mannes her.
Zwei Mnner in weien Hemden und mit Krawatten nehmen Drinks.
Ein Mann in einem grn-wei gestreiften Hemd trgt einen groen Korb auf seiner Schulter.
Eine Frau in Rot spricht in ein Megaphon, whrend sie vor einem Spruchband hergeht.
@@
Mehrere Personen essen etwas in einem vollen Restaurant.
Eine Frau berquert die Strae. Die Blickrichtung der Kamera ist zwischen zwei Bussen heraus.
Ein Publikum beobachtet zwei sitzende Musiker und einen Sprecher, der an einem Podium steht.
Zwei Tnzer  ein Mann und eine Frau   machen eine bung in einem Tanzstudio.
Viele Frauen tanzen auf einer braunen Tanzflche.
Ein braunes Auto fhrt die Strae entlang, whrend an der Ecke Leute ber die Strae gehen.
Mehrere Personen stehen um einen heruntergekommenen Bus an der Straenecke herum.
Ein Mann in einer blauen kurzen Hose und ein Mann in einer trkis-orangefarbenen kurzen Hose ernten einen Ballen.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover schwenkt Fahnen.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Anzug klettert ber einen kaputten Zaun, whrend ein anderer Mann zusieht.
Eine Frau geht vor einer Filmwerbung vorbei.
Einige Kinder sammeln Bltter ein und werfen sie in Mllbeutel.
Ein Mann hlt eine Prsentation vor einem projizierten Bild.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug mit einem Namensschild spricht in ein Mikrophon und steht dabei vor einer Videoprsentation.
Ein Cowboy reitet in einer Parade auf einem Pferd und die Zuschauer schauen vom Bordstein aus zu.
Drei junge Mnner an einem Tisch mit Getrnken unterhalten sich.
Zwei Frauen mit Regenschirmen laufen im Regen ber die Strae.
Ein Soldat mit einem Hut lsst ein Foto von sich machen.
Ein Paar schneidet vor Publikum die Torte an.
Eine Frau und ein Hund auf einer gnen Wiese unter einem klaren, blauen Himmel.
Ein orientalisch aussehender Mann verkauft etwas an der Strae.
Drei Mnner in zusammenpassenden Uniformen treffen sich vor einer geschmckten Wand.
Personen auf einem Gehweg versuchen, sich mit Regenschirmen und einer Zeitung vor dem Regen zu schtzen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen auf Felsen fischen in einem Gewsser.
Ein Mann in einer Nadelstreifenjacke arbeitet mit einem Objekt.
Ein kleiner Junge tut so, als ob er ein anderes Kind im Tempel schlgt, whrend sie Mittagessen.
Ein Mann streicht einen Boden blau und trgt dabei nur eine kurze Hose und einen Hut.
Ein Junge hlt einen blauen Stock, whrend ein Mann eine Pinata ber ihn hlt.
Zwei Hunde spielen mit einem Ball im Schnee.
Ein Kind untersucht einen Felsbrocken durch ein Vergrerungsglas.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd hat seine Arme gehoben.
Ein Junge surft auf einem gelben Surfbrett ber die blaue Welle.
Ein Mann schneidet beim Verwenden einer elektrischen Zahnbrste Grimassen.
Zwei Jungen, einer mit einem roten Chiefs-Pullover, spielt nahe des Ufers.
Zwei junge Kinder beim Spielen.
Eine Person indianischer Abstammung mit Zahnlcken, einem roten Hut und einem roten Wickeltuch oder einer Decke lchelt.
Mehrere Kunden kaufen auf einem Bauernmarkt Gemse.
Ein Quarterback der California Golden Bears geht zu Boden, nachdem er den Ball zu seinem Receiver geworfen hat, der von der Defense von Stanford verfolgt wird.
Ein Mann geht mit seinem Hund auf einem interessanten Untergrund.
Ein kleines Mdchen isst einen Hotdog mit der Hand.
Zwei Mnner in Schwarz laufen durch einen Wald.
Eine groe Menschenmenge sitzt an Tischen in einem groen Zelt.
Ein Kind sieht einer Frau aufmerksam zu, die ein MacBook verwendet.
Ein Mann geht mit seinem Hund bei Sonnenuntergang Gassi.
Mnner in farbenfrohen Jacken stehen um einen gelandeten Hubschrauber herum.
Zwei ltere Frauen sitzen in Sthlen und unterhalten sich.
Vier Personen bei der Ernte auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen beisammen und sie raucht eine Zigarette.
Eine Bedienung in einem Restaurant putzt einen Tisch.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Trikot und mit einer blauen Baseballmtze bereitet vor einem Fenster Essen zu.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack geht ein Pier am Wasser entlang.
Eine junge Frau mit schwarzen Haaren und hohen weien Stiefeln posiert in einem kurzen Kleid vor einem weien Hintergrund.
Ein Junge mit einer Gitarre schlft neben einer Betonkonstruktion.
Eine Asiatin macht in einer U-Bahn-Station Musik.
Eine Gruppe Menschen unterhlt sich und isst.
Ein Mann spielt einen Leierkasten mit einem Spielzeugvogel in einem Kfig.
Feuerwehrmnner lschen ein Feuer in einem Anhnger.
Eine Person in einem schwarzen Shirt ldt einen Lastwagen ab.
Eine Frau in einem schwarz-weien Kleid dirigiert einen Chor.
Ein Mann spielt vor einer blonden Frau Flte.
Eine lokale Band tritt in einer Halle auf.
Ein Mann mit geschlossenen Augen raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper springt von einer Kante ins Wasser.
Ein brtiger Mann mit einem Barett arbeitet mit Feuer an einem Projekt.
Ein Junge ohne Shirt in Flip-Flops macht einen Wheelie auf seinem Motorrad.
Mnner in roten Hosen marschieren mit Stcken in der Hand und um sie herum leuchten helle Lichter.
Einige Personen warten auf einem Gehweg auf frisches Essen.
Ein junges Mdchen in lilafarbener Jeans und lilafarbener Jacke steht auf Armen und Beinen und ihr Rcken zeigt in Richtung Boden.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut mit einem grnen Streifen spielt Akkordeon.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Mantel schlft auf einem Mann mit Brille.
Zwei Eishockeyspieler und der Schiedsrichter bereiten sich auf ein Anspiel vor.
Mnner sitzen vor einem groen Schild an einem Tisch mit Namensschildern.
Eine groe Menschenmenge schaut nach oben.
Vier brtige Mnner sitzen in einem Restaurant und lcheln in die Kamera.
Ein Rudel Jagdhunde mit vielen Zuschauern.
Zwei Frauen in hellblauen Blusen legen eine Steinfliese in einen Garten.
Ein Mann beim Trampen mit einem Rucksack auf dem Rcken.
Eine Gruppe von Personen geht auf einem Weg durch den Wald.
Ein brtiger Mann gestikuliert mit seinen Armen in einer Kche.
Ein Mann in einer blau karierten Schrze subert mit Reinigungsmitteln eine Flche.
Ein Hausmeister wischt den Holzboden in einem Klassenzimmer.
Ein langhaariger Mann spielt Gitarre.
Zwei Eishockeyspieler warten darauf, dass der Schiedsrichter den Puck fallen lsst.
Eine Person in einem weien T-Shirt springt vor einem See in die Luft.
Das Kind schlgt mit Essstbchen auf umgedrehte Kchenutensilien.
Ein junger Mann bekommt von einem anderen jungen Mann die Haare geschnitten.
Ein Schwarzer in einem T-Shirt von Run DMC schneidet einem anderen Schwarzen die Haare.
Eine Gruppe von drei Mnnern steht um einen Mann herum, der eine Kamera bedient.
Der dunkelhutige Junge im grauen T-Shirt schttelt seine Hnde.
Ein im Regen stehender Mann wirbt fr einen Rabatt von 50 %.
Junge Frauen in farbenfrohen Kostmen strecken vor Freude die Arme in die Luft.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd lsst sich die Haare schneiden und um ihn herum stehen Menschen.
In den Straen einer asiatischen Stadt bricht ein Aufstand aus.
Ein Mdchen in gestreiften Socken schlft auf einer grnen Couch mit roten Kissen.
Ein Soldat und seine Tochter kaufen sich ein Mittagessen.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd lsst sich die Haare schneiden.
Ein Junge lsst sich von einem anderen Jungen die Haare schneiden, whrend ihre Freunde zusehen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd schneidet einem anderen Mann die Haare.
Ein Mann steht in der Nhe eines Pools und hat sein graues Shirt teilweise ber seinen Kopf gezogen.
Ein junges Mdchen in Rosa spielt mit einem rosa Spielzeug auf dem Asphalt.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Metalldach und spritzt Wasser mit einem roten Schlauch.
Ein Hund steht im Schnee und beobachtet die Kamera.
Ein Mann schlft im Freien auf dem harten Steinboden.
Viele Menschen kaufen in einem Kleidergeschft ein, das Carhartt verkauft.
Ein Mdchen in Rot und eine Mann in Schwarz tanzen.
Ein brtiger Mann mit Dreadlocks in einem orangefarbenen Shirt hat sein Gesicht mit einem Tribal-Muster bemalt.
Ein Mann liest spt nachts ein Buch auf dem Sofa.
Ein kleines Mdchen springt, um innerhalb eines gelben Kreises eines Spritzkissens zu landen.
Ein Kind springt in ein ffentliches Innenbecken.
Eine Frau mit schwarz-brauner Jacke, braunem Hut und roter Hose hat gerade einen Golfball eingelocht.
Eine Person macht Fotos im Schnee.
Ein Mann in einem Aufzug schaut in den Spiegel an der Wand.
Eine Frau mit einer Mtze steht in einem U-Bahn-Tunnel.
Ein schwarzer Gitarrist in einem gelben Trainingsanzug und mit einem schwarzen Filzhut sitzt auf einer ffentlichen Bank und spielt Gitarre.
Drei Damen mit Stoffhut blicken auf das Telefon.
Ein lchelndes Kleinkind in einem blauen Shirt auf einer Schaukel.
Mdchen mit Knieschonern und Rollerskates stehen beisammen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in der Wildnis verpackt Essen in Lunch-Boxen.
Chinesische Staatsangehrige gehen ber den Platz.
Fugnger auf einem Platz vor einem groen Gebude.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Bluse sitzt auf dem Bordstein.
Ein Mann dreht sich um und lchelt, whrend er nachts eine belebte Strae entlanggeht.
Eine Dame mit Lebensmitteln beim berqueren einer Brcke.
Ein Pilot in einer grnen Weste ist im Cockpit dabei, einen Schalter umzulegen.
Ein alter Mann verkauft Obst.
Zwei Arbeiter mit Schutzhelmen arbeiten in einem mit Stacheldraht abgesperrten Bereich an einer Maschine.
Ein brtiger Mann prahlt mit dem von ihm soeben gekochten Essen.
Mnner arbeiten im Freien und einer klettert auf etwas hinauf.
Ein kleiner Junge luft an einer mit Graffitis bemalten Wand entlang.
Ein Mann mit einer groen Pflanze liest in einer Zeitung darber, wie sich (auer ihm) noch jemand wie ein Idiot benimmt.
Eine Familie in einer Holzhtte bereitet eine Geburtstagsfeier vor.
Ein Junge versucht, ein Mdchen davon zu berzeugen, mit ihm in ein Geschft zu gehen.
Ein Mann singt und eine rothaarige Frau wartet darauf, bis sie an der Reihe ist.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Schwarz verlassen und betreten eine Kche, eventuell fr eine Feier zum St. Patricks Day.
Mehrere Personen kaufen Empanadas in einem kleinen Empanadas-Geschft.
Ein Holzfller in seiner roten Sicherheitsausrstung mit elegantem orangefarbenem Schutzhelm beim Fllen der Bume.
Kinder spielen auf einem Karussel.
Eine Frau in einer gelben Bluse tanzt barfu auf einer glnzenden Oberflche vor einer Forstwirtschaft.
Die Feuerwehr ist vor Ort, um bei einem Unfall Hilfe zu leisten.
Zwei Mnner ziehen nahe der Kste ein Netz an Bord, whrend sich im Hintergrund die Wellen brechen.
Dieser Mann schlft auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann mit Brille beim Bergsteigen.
Ein alter Mann und eine alte Frau fllen einen Heiluftballon.
Ein Mann in gelber Kleidung sieht einigen Mnnern beim Schachspielen zu.
Ein schwarzhaariger Mann lsst sich die Haare schneiden.
Ein Mann steht hinter einer Bar, an der verschiedene Biersorten serviert werden.
Ein Mann singt und direkt hinter ihm steht ein Clown.
Ein komplett schwarz gekleideter Chor tritt vor Publikum auf.
Ein Brautpaar macht sich fr die Hochzeitsfotos bereit.
Fnf Personen gehen bei einem Rennen nebeneinander her.
Ein Mann in einer weien Jacke spielt Gitarre und ein Mann in einem lilafarbenen Hemd mit Knpfen singt dazu.
Vier Mnner auf einem Fuballplatz bei eingeschalteter Sprinkleranlage.
Ein kleiner weier Hund luft ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann in Uniform regelt den Verkehr, whrend Personen die Strae an einem Fugngerberweg berqueren.
Eine weie Wand mit Bildern, die von einem kleinen Jungen betrachtet werden.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf der Strae, whrend ihre Eltern wartend auf der Bank sitzen.
Ein Fuballspiel, das in Krze losgehen wird.
Zwei ganz in Blau gekleidete Frauen gehen ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann in schottischer Tracht bei einer Parade.
Personen auf irgendeiner Messe im Freien.
Zwei Jungen unterhalten sich, whrend einer davon auf einem Maultier sitzt.
Eine Reinigungskraft in einem einteiligen Anzug wischt den Boden vor seinem Dreirad voller Vorrte.
Ein brtiger Mann geniet ein heies Bad.
Ein kleines Mdchen steht auf einer Kopfsteinpflasterstrae und beobachtet Seifenblasaen.
Zwei Personen in weien Oberteilen und schwarzen Schrzen.
Ein Kind versucht, durch Laufen auf eine Skateboard-Bahn zu klettern.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Jeans und mit blauem Shirt sitzt auf einer Schaukel.
Eine Frau in blauer Kleidung zeigt mehreren kleinen Kindern ein Bilderbuch.
In Sthlen sitzende Kinder mit einem Notenstnder im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe Kinder hlt ausgeschnittene Schmetterlinge in die Hhe.
Eine Frau in einer Schrze sucht nach Brot.
Drei Personen in Schwimmwesten paddeln in einem Kanu auf einem kleinen Flusslauf in einem Sumpfgebiet.
Ein Mann, der wie Batman aus dem Film der spten 80er Jahre gekleidet ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Rosa steht neben einer kleinen Blonden und sieht sich Karten an.
Kinder stehen in einem Fluss unter einem Regenschirm.
Eine Gruppe von Personen, die einen Mann im Tanga betrachten, der auf einem Stuhl steht.
Ein bezaubernder kleiner Junge hat eine gute Zeit.
Ein junges Mdchen in Blau sitzt im Freien mit geschlossenen Augen auf einer Schaukel und hlt sich nicht an den Ketten der Schaukel fest.
Eine Menschenmenge vor einem Food Truck.
Mehrere Personen setzen sich in einem alten Holzgebude zum Essen nieder.
Ein Mann verwendet vor einem Geschft einen Besen.
Der Senior im Trainingsanzug fhrt auf dem Skateboard durch den Park.
Auf diesem Marktplatz verkaufen mehrere Hndler Obst, Gemse und weitere Dinge.
Zwei Kinder genieen Backwaren und sitzen dabei nebeneinander auf Sthlen.
Die Person im roten Schutzhelm ist auf dem Berg.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd zieht bei einem roten Tor auf einer Baustelle seine Arbeitshandschuhe aus.
Ein Ballonverkufer steht auf der Strae, whrend Motoradfahrer vorbeifahren.
Ein Mann in einer bergigen Region arbeitet mit einem kreisfrmigen Stck Aluminium.
Zwei Taucher machen zusammen ein Unterwasserfoto.
Ein kleiner Junge steht neben einem offenen Schrank und er ist voller Mehl.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen auf einer Statue.
Eine Frau in einem roten Mantel und mit gestreifter Hose lehnt an einem Mann, der einen schwarzen Hut aufhat und eine Zigarette raucht.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete Musiker spielen bei einigen Kiefern Saxophon und Trompete.
Ein Kind in einem rosafarbenen Mantel steht mitten in einem Haufen leerer Plastikflaschen.
Hier sieht man einen Mann, der gegen abgeflltes Wasser protestiert.
Mehrere Personen berqueren an einer Ampel vor einem groen Gebude die Strae.
Eine ltere Frau sieht auf ihre Uhr.
Zwei Frauen mit Hten entfernen sich mit ihrem Gepck voneinander.
Ein Rollerblader fhrt an einer gewlbten Wand einen Trick vor.
Sechs Personen mit weien Schutzhelmen auf einem schneebedeckten Gehweg.
Zwei Personen beim Joggen auf einem Pfad.
Eine Person in weiem Gewand mit einer braunen Weste steht neben einem Teppich, auf dem sich ein Mann neben einigen Objekten zurcklehnt.
Ein Hund rennt durch den Wald.
Ein stolzer Vater mit seinem Kind und einem Hund sitzt im Freien in einem Klubsessel und sieht seinen Sohn an.
Ein Mann und eine Esel transportieren Stroh auf einer Strae.
Zwei pummelige Frauen mittleren Alters stehen auf einem Parkplatz neben einem leeren Einkaufswagen.
Ein Mann hilft einem jngeren Mdchen beim Erklimmen eines Felsen mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mdchen in Rosa wird von einem Mann mit Hilfe von Kletterausrstung hochgezogen.
Ein erwachsener Mann und eine Frau balancieren auf einer Wippe.
Ein Mann sitzt vor seinem grauen Laptop.
Ein Mann und drei Kinder fahren auf einem Tandem mit vier Satteln.
Eine Frau sitzt auf dem Sofa und isst zusammen mit ihrem Hund zu Abend, whrend auf dem Tisch vier Kerzen brennen.
Zwei kleine Mdchen betrachten staunend ein Flugfeld.
Ein Mann im Weihnachtsmannkostm steigt vor dem Ruby's Diner aus seinem Prius.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen drauen auf einem Spielplatz.
Mehrere Personen beim Schlittschuhlaufen auf einem beleuchteten Ort in der Nhe eines Stands, an dem Alkohol verkauft wird.
Vier Personen sitzen an einem Tisch und essen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grauen Pullover malt mit Farbstiften auf einem Stck Papier.
Ein Mann in einem rosa Hemd steht auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau sitzt auf dem Rcksitz eines SUV, whrend etwas zu Essen vorbereitet wird.
Eine Person verteilt Klebstoff auf der Sohle eines Schuhs.
Schreiende junge Mnner und Frauen mit ernstem Blick.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kaufen in einer groen Eisenwarenhandlung ein.
Ein Mann auf einer hohen Leiter streicht die Auenwand eines Hauses.
Ein Mann bei einem Karateturnier fhrt einen Sprungtritt aus.
Zwei Arbeiter stehen auf einem Dach und reparieren einen Kamin.
Eine Frau hlt ein Kind an der Hand, das auf einer Bank geht.
Ein schlafendes Neugeborenes im Krankenhaus, eingewickelt in eine Decke.
Zwei Kinder sitzen in einem Stadion.
Ein braun-schwarzer Hund luft am Ufer nahe des Strands.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem grnen Mantel starrt in das Kameraobjektiv.
Eine Frau beim Maispflcken, halb verdeckt durch die Stngel.
Ein Kind spielt mit den Stiefeln des Vaters.
Mnner entfernen sich in einem orangefarbenen Boot mit einem Auenbordmotor von einer Anlegestelle.
Vier Mnner und eine Frau singen auf einer Veranstaltung ein Lied.
Ein Vater und seine Kinder whlen einen Weihnachtsbaum aus.
Eine Gruppe Menschen beim Radfahren.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt im Freien und betrachtet ausgehhlte Krbislaternen mit Kerzen darin.
Ein auf einer Bank sitzendes Mdchen.
Personen sitzen in Gruppen auf den Stufen und blicken auf Grten und Springbrunnen.
Eines der Bandmitglieder spielt seine Posaune.
Ein laufender Hund am Ufer eines Sees mit einem Hgel im Hintergrund.
Ein frhlicher Junge hpft im Sand.
Zwei Jungen und ein Mdchen machen in einem Klassenzimmer mit einer grnen Wand Hausaufgaben.
Ein Kind sitzt hinter einem behelfsmigen Tisch.
Ein Foto, auf dem ab der Hfte abwrts ein Surfer zu sehen ist, der auf einer kleinen Welle reitet.
Ein Mann auf einem grnen Stuhl am Flughafen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen gemischten Alters sitzt in einem Bus mit roten Kopfsttzen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen stehen in der Nhe eines Clowns.
Mehrere Personen sitzen an einem runden Tisch beim Essen.
Ein Dackelwelpe springt auf ein Bett.
Ein Baby schlft auf dem Boden mit einem Plschtier.
Die Gruppe wartet auf ihre Mitfahrgelegenheit fr den Ausflug.
Drei kleine Mdchen sitzen an einem roten Tisch mit einem leeren grnen Tisch im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Trick auf einem Skateboard vor und hinter ihm sind Straenlampen und Verkehrsampeln zu sehen.
Mnner in schwarzen Westen stehen im Hintergrund, whrend eine Frau eine gelbe Fahne hochhlt.
Zwei Hispanoamerikaner arbeiten an den Holzplatten.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd und Schuhen steht zwischen Schachteln und hlt eine Schachtel in den Hnden.
Eine Mnnergruppe lsst sich auf Stufen fotografieren.
Zwei junge Mdchen in roten Badeanzgen schwimmen im Wasser.
Mehrere Hunde raufen in einer Gasse in der Nhe eines silberfarbenen Autos.
Zwei Mnner, von denen einer ein Mikrophon in der Hand hlt, unterhalten sich, whrend sie auf einem Holzboden stehen, der fr eine Sportveranstaltung vorgesehen ist.
Zwei asiatische Frauen beim Stbern in einem Geschft.
Ein Junge in einem roten Shirt ist auf ein Klettergerst geklettert, whrend die anderen Kinder am Boden spielen.
Vier Personen beobachten einen im Fluss stehenden Mann.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Backsteinwand mit einer Stadt im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann im Weihnachtsmannkostm mit Bart und Brille.
Eine junge Frau in einer grauen Bluse betrachtet braune Keramik.
Ein Mann auf der Stange eines Fahrrads trinkt ein kaltes Getrnk.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd fgt einer kleinen Skulptur Details hinzu.
Verschiedene Personen auf einem ffentlichen Platz an einem Herbsttag.
Ein mit einem roten Hemd zugedeckter Mann mit Sonnenbrille entspannt mit einer Zeitung auf einer Veranda.
Ein Mann mit einem Tennisball spielt mit seinem Hund.
Ein Professor hlt in einem Hrsaal eine Vorlesung vor Studenten.
Eine Frau fertigt einen Topf aus Ton.
Ein Mann mit Hut und blauer Jacke kauft etwas auf einem Markt.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem Helm in einem am Boden stehenden Tragesitz.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut, schwarzem Hemd und schwarzen Schuhen spielt bei einem Konzert auf der Bhne auf einer roten Gitarre.
Ein Mann macht mit seinem Smartphone ein Foto.
Ein im flachen Winkel aufgenommenes Bild von einem Mann im Tanktop, der Schlagzeug spielt.
Drei Musiker spielen zusammen.
Ein groer gelber Kastenwagen auf der Strae, neben dem ein Mann steht.
Vier Wanderer im Wald.
Mehrere Personen in Outdoor-Ausrstung betrachten eine Landkarte.
Ein kleines Kind im Krankenhaus dekoriert seine medizinischen Gertschaften fr die Feiertage.
Ein Mann mit ernstem Gesicht in einem braunen Mantel steht im Freien, whrend es schneit.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer blauen Jacke macht sich zum Schnee schippen fertig.
Vier Wanderer steigen die Stufen an einem kleinen Hgel hinauf.
Ein Mann im blauen Shirt sitzt mit einer Schubkarre voller Gemse neben der Strae.
Ein korpulentes Mdchen im gestreiften Kleid und mit Brille hlt die Hand einer anderen Person, whrend es eine medizinische Behandlung erhlt.
Eine Mutter und ihre zwei Kinder setzen sich, um sich auszuruhen.
Zwei Personen in grnen Mnteln und Hosen haben Sicherheitswesten an und tragen einen Stapel orangefarbener Htchen.
Ein Prchen geht eine verschneite Treppe hinauf.
Mehrere Hunde schwimmen und spielen in einem Brunnen in einem ffentlichen Park.
Zwei Mnner auf einem Gerst fhren eine Reparatur an einem Gebude durch.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke schiebt ein mit einem kartoffelhnlichen Gemse beladenes Fahrrad.
Frauen unterhalten sich, whrend sie ihre Erzeugnisse auf einem Markt zum Verkauf anbieten.
Zwei Mnner in einer Mlltonne mit drei anderen im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau lehnt ihren Kopf gegen die Schulter eines Mannes.
Vier Personen in den 30ern machen ein Gruppenfoto in einer Bar, jemand lst die Kamera aus.
Zwei Personen mit weien Hten blicken auf einen Computerbildschirm.
Ein brtiger Weier mit einer roten Wollmtze und einer gelben Jacke steht neben einem gefllten Baum und blickt in Richtung eines anderen Mannes.
Der Skifahrer in Blau wendet und erzeugt dadurch hinter sich eine Schneewolke.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Jacke greift nach einer Tasse Kaffee.
Heiluftballons werden auf den Einsatz vorbereitet.
Ein Mann mit einer Ttowierung hinter seinem Ohr spielt Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrophon.
Mehrere Personen stehen auf dem Gehweg neben der Oberleitungsfahrzeug und den Schienen.
Ein Halbkreis aus sitzenden Erwachsenen und Kindern mit einem Weihnachtsbaum im Hintergrund.
Zwei Damen in Winterkleidung spielen mit einer Ente und Schnee.
Eine Frau singt vor mehreren Personen, die ihre Arme gehoben haben.
Zwei Asiaten arbeiten mit Teig.
Ein Kind mit einer grnen Mtze sitzt an der Steuerung eines Boots.
Eine Person geht nachts eine verschneite Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in weier Schneeausrstung schippt Schnee.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Lastwagen rumt Schnee.
Eine Frau trgt ihr Haar offen und ihr Kopf ist im Gegensatz zu denen um sie herum nicht bedeckt.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten nachts im Freien im Schnee.
Ein Mann mit Hut hlt auf einem belebten Gehweg eine silberfarbene Stange.
Mnnliche und weibliche Soldaten entladen einen Kastenwagen voller Weihnachtsgeschenke.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen hinter einem groen Lastwagen vor einem gelben Haus.
Zwei Frauen kssen sich an einem Fluss in einer Stadt.
Mehrere Personen versuchen sich an einem sonnigen Tag im Eislaufen.
Eine Frau schlft hinten in einem Auto.
Ein Mann befreit die Stufen vor dem Haus nach einem Schneesturm vom Schnee.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd lehnt gegen ein Motorrad.
Ein Hund rennt mit einer Leine im Maus durch ein Sumpfgebiet.
Zwei Personen gehen auf eine kuppelfrmige Struktur zu.
Zwei Mnner in orangefarbenen Uniformen stehen vor einem Zug und arbeiten.
Eine Frau und ein kleiner Junge lesen gemeinsam ein Buch im Wohnzimmer.
Ein Kind in einem gelben Shirt rangelt mit einem Kind in Jeans auf einer weien Couch.
Ein Mann im grnen Hemd sieht auf ein Handy hinab.
Eisenbahner bringen ein Band an, um einen Waggon an einer Steigung zu warten.
Die Personen marschieren durch die Straen.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hemd wendet Hamburger an einem Freiluftgrill.
Ein Mann hlt eine Gitarre und spricht in ein Mikrophon auf einem Mikrophonstnder.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit spitzen Zpfen sitzt am Strand im Sand.
Vier Mnner auf einer Bhne spielen verschiedene Instrumente.
Ein brtiger Mann sitzt auf einem Rock und beobachtet die Wellen.
Ein Polizist bei einer Parade.
Der Mann mit dem schwarzen Hut steht mit dem Rcken zu einem Theaterschild.
Zwei ltere Mnner unterhalten sich auf einem Gehweg.
Ein Mann mit einer blau-weien Jacke, Mtze und Rucksack macht Fotos.
Drei Mnner besprechen ein Projekt neben einer groen gelben Baumaschine.
Ein brauner Welpe stapft durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann und ein Hund gehen auf der Strae.
Ein schwarzhaariges Mdchen in einem braunen Pullover kocht etwas auf dem Herd und lchelt ber das ganze Gesicht.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in einer Kche.
Ein schwerer Mann mit Sockenhaltern sitzt auf einer Bank neben einer riesigen Ballonanordnung.
Ein Hund luft ber ein Feld auf eine Kamera zu.
Eine blonde Frau geniet die Sonne in ihrer geblmten Bluse und Flip-Flops.
Eine lchelnde Frau sitzt auf dem Scho eines lchelnden Mannes.
Eine Person geht mit Skiern auf ihrem Rcken einen verschneiten Hang hinauf.
Ein kleines Kind lacht, nachdem es im Sand eingegraben wurde.
Ein Kind mit einem roten Helm, Cowboyweste, gestreiftem T-Shirt, silberfarbener Shorts und brauner Hose.
Ein Paar geht mit seinem Kind und Regenschrimen durch den Regen.
Ein Mann und sein Vater sehen sehr amsiert aus, als der jngere Mann im blauen Hemd und mit Hut eine Barbie-Puppe hochhlt.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt Verkleiden.
Eine Frau steht auf der Strae und unterhlt sich mit einem Mann in einem Lastwagen.
Fnf Grundschulkinder machen einen Staffellauf.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge in blauen Trikots bergeben einen Staffelstab bei einem Rennen in Asien.
Eine Person fhrt ein Fleischwarengeschft.
Zwei kleine Jungen halten ein weinendes Kleinkind, whrend beide in demselben Stuhl sitzen.
Zwei Mnner in reflektierenden Sicherheitswesten gehen am riesigen Bild eines Mannes in einer Weste vorbei.
Ein Blick entlang einer engen europischen Kopfsteinpflasterstrae mit mehreren an der Seite geparkten Autos.
Ein Mann umarmt sein Kind in einem Krankenzimmer.
Ein geheimnisvoller Mann mit einem Totenkopf in der Hand kommt aus einer dunklen Trffnung.
Zwei Kinder machen einen Staffellauf.
Drei Mnner in gelben Westen graben ein Loch in die Erde.
Drei Mnner in einem Spalt in einer Strae.
Ein brauner Hund spielt in einem Hof mit einem Ball.
Eine Frau erklimmt einen Berg.
Ein Kind mit einem blauen Mantel rennt durch den Schnee und hinter ihm luft ein kleiner Hund.
Zwei Mnner in legerer Kleidung bewegen Blcke aus zusammengepressten Dosen.
Das neugeborene Mdchen ist neben seinen frisch gewaschenen und zusammengelegten Kleidern und Decken eingeschlafen.
Sitzende Zuschauer in einem Auditorium.
Ein Gyros-Koch in einer weien Jacke und mit Mtze betrachtet das Gyros.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hut sitzt im Wald auf einem Baumstamm.
Mehrere Personen machen eine Rast auf ihrer Wanderung.
Ein Junge in einem roten Pullover lehnt gegen einen Felsen.
Ein kleiner Junge zwischen groen Felsen in den Bergen.
Ein Mann in einer U-Bahn lehnt sich gegen eine Stange.
Ein Bild von asiatischen Tnzern, die vor ihrer Klasse und dem Lehrer einen neuen Tanz auffhren.
Zwei Personen helfen einem Herrn ber das Wasser.
Ein Mann kampiert mit einem Zelt und der ntigen Ausrstung.
Zwei Mnner filmen einen lteren Herrn, whrend ein vierter Mann zusieht.
Ein kleines Kind in rosafarbener Kleidung sitzt auf einem dunklen Teppich.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen greift nach einem Korb mit Spielsachen.
Eine Frau in einem roten T-Shirt trgt ein blondes Kind, whrend eine andere Frau in der Nhe in der Kche steht.
Ein Vater repariert ein Spielzeug seiner Tochter.
Eine Frau mit kurzen, dunklen Haaren sitzt auf dem Boden und liest einem kleinen Mdchen in einem weien Kleid aus einem Buch vor.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau umarmt ein blondes Mdchen, whrend eine Frau in einer grnen Bluse zusieht.
Drei Personen sind nach einem Fallschirmsprung gerade in einem offenen Auenbereich gelandet.
Eine Frau geht eine belebte Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann setzt sich hin und deutet und schaut in die Ferne, wobei im Hintergrund auch Bierflaschen zu sehen sind.
Das Mdchen in dem blauen Kleid und mit dem Hut lchelt.
Ein kleines Kind bereitet sich darauf vor, eine Bowlingkugel in Richtung eines Kegels zu rollen.
Sieben Personen gehen ber eine Brcke.
Zwei Personen springen aus einem Flugzeug und werden gleich ihre Fallschirme ffnen.
Ein Basketballspiel zwischen Universittsmannschaften in der Big Ten Conference.
Mehrere Personen stehen an einer Bushaltestelle und unterhalten sich.
Drei verkleidete Frauen gehen eine Schotterstrae entlang.
Eine Asiatin steht an einer Kasse und hlt Geld in ihrer Hand.
Ein Mdchen in einer rosafarbenen Hose spielt auf dem Boden.
Eine Einkuferin schiebt ihren Kinderwagen und sieht sich dabei die Waren im Regal des Gangs an.
Zwei Mnner stehen in der Nhe von schwerem Baugert.
Mehrere Personen in formeller Kleidung versammeln sich in einer Kirche.
Eine Frau hinter einem Glas lchelt und zeigt ein Friedenszeichen.
Ein kleiner Junge luft ber ein Rohr, das ber Wasser verluft.
Vier Kinder setzen sich hin, wobei zwei von ihnen auf einem weien Tuch sitzen.
Zwei Mnner in legerer Kleidung setzen sich und genieen im Freien ein Bier und etwas zu Essen.
Drei Freunde lcheln in die Kamera, whrend sie eine interessante auslndische Mahlzeit genieen.
Neben einem grnen Feld sitzt eine blonde Frau auf einem grauen Stamm und schminkt sich das Gesicht.
Ein Skirennfahrer in einer lindgrnen Jacke und mit weiem Helm.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in formeller Kleidung lcheln sich beim Tanzen auf einer Party an.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem kastanienbraunen Trikot steht neben einem schwarz gekleideten Schiedsrichter.
Eine gelb gekleidete Person in einem laufenden Fuballspiel kommt gleich an den Ball.
Drei Fuballspieler stehen auf einem Spielfeld.
Fuballspieler haben ein Spiel unterbrochen, weil ein Spieler im weien Trikot verletzt auf dem Spielfeld liegt.
Zwei Mnner spielen Softball.
Mehrere Personen im Schnee, von denen eine sich vornber beugt, um einen Schneeschuh am Fu zu berhren.
Zwei junge Frauen posieren stolz mit einem von ihnen gebauten Schneemann.
Ein Mann in dunkler Kleidung steht inmitten einiger Zahnrder.
Ein Mann luft auf einen anderen Mann zu, der bei einem Rodeo gestrzt ist.
Die Spieler auf einem Fuballfeld stehen umeinander herum.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt in Richtung der erhobenen Hand eines Mannes.
Ein Rodeoreiter versucht, sich in einer Arena zwischen Rodeoclowns auf einem sich aufbumenden Bullen zu halten.
Arbeiter in orangefarbenen Anzgen arbeiten an einer Strae.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem ffentlichen Waschsalon und wartet darauf, dass seine Kleider getrocknet werden.
Ein Corgi luft auf einer dnnen blauen Plattform.
Eine Frau in einer lilafarbenen Bluse und einer schwarzen Hose steht im Zentrum des Interesses mehrerer Kameras.
Ein brauner Hund springt auf seinen Hinterbeinen.
Das Bild zeigt acht Personen in Schneeausrstung, die anscheinend Ski fahren.
Zwei Hunde stehen nebeneinander im Hof.
Ein Prchen findet es sehr interessant, was gerade geschieht.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Obstkarren.
Eine Frau in einer roten Bluse steht mit drei Gepckstcken allein in einem Terminal.
Drei Frauen in grnen Kostmen mit Kleeblttern.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einem Hemd mit Knpfen liest einem Kleinkind, das auf seinem Scho sitzt, ein Buch ber Hunde vor.
Eine Mutter mit ihrem kleinen Mdchen.
Zwei Mdchen versuchen in einer geschftigen asiatischen Stadt die Strae zu berqueren.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Spiegel.
Ein kleiner braunhaariger Junge in einem roten Shirt und blauer Jeans trgt einen grnen Lastwagen.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen mit zwei kleinen Mdchen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem roten Shirt spielt auf einem Baum.
Drei Teenager tanzen an einem Abend auf der Strae.
Ein Mann schlft auf einer Parkbank.
Eine Hausparty mit vielen jungen Menschen.
Ein Mann wirft  in der Stadt etwas in einen Fluss.
Ein Skifahrer in orangefarbener Jacke steht auf einem Hgel.
Eine junge Person spielt Gitarre und hinter ihr stehen sehr helle Lampen.
Ein Mann in einer Weste steht auf einer ruhigen Strae.
Drei Kinder in Winterkleidung gehen durch den Wald und schieben eine Ladung vor sich her.
Ein Bauarbeiter mit einem roten Schutzhelm begutachtet eine Maschine.
Mehrere Personen gehen eine von alten Gebuden gesumte Strae entlang.
Eine in eine Decke eingehllte Frau sitzt auf einer Bank im Park und liest.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hut kontrolliert eine Maschine zum Rumen der Strae. Der Himmel ist blau und hinter ihm sind Bume zu sehen.
Ein Baby in einem gelben Hemdchen lchelt.
Arbeiter bereiten etwas zum Essen vor.
Eine Person in einem roten Hemd stapelt eine groe Anzahl Tierhute.
Vier ltere Mnner spielen in einem Park vor einer Wand auf ihren Musikinstrumenten und tragen dabei traditionelle Kostme.
Ein ltere Mann wartet neben einer Landstrae auf eine Mitfahrgelegenheit.
Zwei ltere Mnner stehen vor einem Geschft.
Ein Mann mit Schrze verwendet die Ladeneinrichtung.
Eine Gruppe Fugnger geht eine Strae hinunter.
Eine Frau in einem weien Pferdekostm mit Helm geniet die Zeit mit Freunden.
Der Mann im Anzug mit dem rosafarbenen Hemd und der gestreiften Krawatte hlt eine Rede, whrend andere lachen.
Ein Elektriker arbeitet an Lampen, mglicherweise Rohre fr die Klimaanlage in einem Brogebude.
Ein Mann rastet mit seinem Kamel am Straenrand.
Zwei Personen fischen bei einem Boot an der Anlegestelle.
Ein Person in einem grauen Oberteil sieht der Kugel nach, die auf Bahn Acht der farbenfrohen Bowlingbahn entlangrollt.
Ein Mann reitet bei einer Parade auf einem Pferd.
Eine Gruppe von Personen starrt in dieselbe Richtung und eine Frau sitzt auf den Schultern einer anderen Frau, um ein Foto zu machen.
Ein Kind lchelt, whrend es auf einen Felsene klettert.
Ein Mann mit einer weien Mtze steht mit einem Schlger auf einem Spielfeld und wartet auf den Ball.
Ein Affe klettert ber Kabel ber einer Strae.
Ein Mann im Schnee arbeitet auf einer Rampe an einer Eisskulptur.
Ein Professor unterrichtet eine groe Gruppe Studenten.
Drei junge Mnner machen in einer Bar mit einem Fotohandy ein Foto von zwei Mdchen.
Ein kleines Mdchen bereitet sich auf das Klettern vor.
Ein Mann in einem dicken schwarzen Mantel mit einer Zigarre steht in der Nhe einer Frau in einer braunen Jacke und mit einem Stck Papier in der Hand.
Ein Hund marschiert an einer Schneewehe entlang.
Zahlreiche Personen laufen herum und sehen sich in einem roten Raum Dinge an.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug steht neben einem groen Gemlde mit einem groen Goldrahmen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in einem Bus oder einem Zugabteil.
Zwei Personen mit Schneeschuhen springen in die Luft, um fr ein Foto zu posieren.
Ein Mann in einer orange-grauen Jacke macht einen Sprung auf Skiern.
Zwei Personen sitzen auf einem Kai mit einem Sonnenuntergang im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann und ein Hund auf einer Parkbank im Vordergrund, whrend in der Ferne einige Personen zu sehen sind.
Zwei kleine Kinder in Winderkleidung schippen Schnee.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem groen blauen Boot und betrachtet das schmutzige Wasser.
Ein blonder Mann mit einem Rucksack steht neben einem Teich.
Ein Junge zieht einen kleinen Jungen auf einem roten Schlitten durch den Schnee.
Personen gehen und essen vor einem Hotel.
Eine Gruppe Menschen versucht, einen Traktor zu ziehen.
Ein Pferd beim Rodeo, das versucht, einen Cowboy abzuwerfen.
Eine Frau in einer roten Jacke und mit Hut und Schal verkauft ihre Waren auf dem Gehweg.
Zwei Mnner fahren mit einer U-Bahn, lesen Bcher und haben keine Hosen an.
Ein Mdchen mit einer Strickmtze und in Winterkleidung fhrt mit der Zunge ber ihre Zahnspange.
Ein Mann wartet darauf, dass ihm die Flugbegleitung einen Drink gibt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau besprechen etwas bei einigen Drinks an einer Bar.
Ein Mann spricht zu Mnnern an einem Tisch.
Rodeo-Leute gehen durch ein Tor und eine Frau und ein Junge folgen ihnen.
Ein Mann fhrt in einer Stadt auf einem Skateboard.
Ein Kind schiebt oder tritt einen Vogel seinem Fu.
Ein altes Paar spieltan einer Straenecke auf Musikinstrumenten.
Ein brtiger Mann sitzt auf einer Wand im Park und liest.
Zwei Herren stehen vor einem Verkufer von Smoothies und Bubble Tea.
Zwei groe Kegel stehen auf der Strae vor einem groen Gebude.
Mehrere Jungen in einer Turnhalle mit teilweise zusammengebauten Fahrrdern.
Zwei Mnner auf Motorrdern  einer mit einem silberfarbenen Helm und der andere mit einem schwarzen  fahren durch eine Stadt. Ein Junge mit einem weien Langarmhemd nhert sich einem der Motorrder.
Schler und ihre Lehrer gehen in einem Klassenzimmer Unterlagen durch.
Ein Hund luft mit offenem Maul auf ein Feld.
Ein Feuerwehrmann versucht, ber Brandschutt zu klettern.
Mehrere Personen versammeln sich vor dem Tempel, um zu meditieren.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd nhert sich einer Mwe.
Drei Frauen im Freien und eine der Frauen lchelt.
Ein Mann bietet Essen zum Probieren an.
Drauen geht eine Frau vorbei, whrend in der Nhe ein Herr Motorrad fhrt.
Zwei Mnner mit Sonnenbrillen unterhalten sich auf einem Balkon.
Eine Frau liest zwei kleinen Kindern ein Buch vor, von denen eines aus einem Becher trinkt.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd spielt mit seinem schwarzen Pudel.
Ein Mann in einem hellblauen Hemd und khakifarbener kurzer Hose hlt eine Wasserflasche in der Hand und geht den Weg zwischen zwei schroffen Hhlenwnden hinunter.
Ein als Schmetterling verkleidetes Mdchen.
Ein Skateboardfahrer fliegt durch die Luft und wird dabei von zwei Peronen auf einem hohen Aussichtsturm beobachtet.
Ein Wakeboarder fhrt einen Trick auf einer Stange vor.
Die Zukunft des Snowboardfahrens im Sommer mit allem, was man sich nur wnschen kann.
Ein junger Mann macht abends auf einer Brcke einen Trick auf dem Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe Menschen auf einer Strae springt zur Seite.
Ein wagemutiger Radfahrer schneidet eine Kurve im Wald.
Zwei junge Mdchen in einer Kche tragen Schrzen ber ihren Schlafanzgen und gren einen Mann in einem olivegrnen Hemd.
Eine Frau spielt auf einer Flte mit Notenblttern vor ihr.
Ein komplett grn gekleideter Mann, dessen Gesicht mit einem Bandana bedeckt ist, arbeitet im Freien mit Baumaschinen.
Ein Arbeiter entlastet seinen Fu hinten auf einem Anhnger.
Ein Mann in Schaffneruniform steht in einem alten Zug oder Straenbahnwagen.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Hut fhrt mit Schlittschuhen und fhrt ihren Hund Gassi.
Zuschauer beobachten Pferde und ihre Reiter auf einer eingezunten Bahn mit einem Teich hinter der Bahn.
Ein junges Mdchen macht eine Kaugummiblase.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge trgt Perlen und hlt einen grnen Ballon zum St. Patrick's Day.
Ein Blick von oben auf Mnner, die ein Loch durch Beton graben.
Zwei Mnner stehen neben einem Lastwagen und Teilen von Baumstmmen.
Ein brtiger alter Mann debatiert auf einem Transportwagen.
Ein Gruppe afrikanischer Kinder in nicht zusammenpassender Kleidung singt und spielt auf Instrumenten.
Zwei Personen gehen auf einer Strae mit drren Bumen.
Nahaufnahme der Seite des Gesichts einer alten Frau mit bergroer Sonnenbrille, grauem Haar und einem goldenen Ohrring.
Ein junger Asiate beim Gitarrespielen.
Ein Mann in einem langrmeligen, blau karierten Hemd und brauner Hose kniet in einer Garage neben einem Wagen mit Rollen.
Ein Mann beruhigt auf seinem Knie ein Kleinkind in Windeln und mit einem blauen Hemdchen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten sich ber einen Schreibtisch hinweg.
Eine Baustelle, auf der eine Wand mit Graffiti eingerissen wird.
Ein brauner Hund verfolgt ein rotes Frisbee ber eine Wiese.
Zwei Kinder sitzen an einem Schreibtisch.
Eine Gruppe Menschen sitzt an einem Tisch und speist zusammen in einem Feinschmeckerrestaurant.
Das Auto hinterlie eine riesige Rauchwolke.
Ein Volkswagen rast durch eine Wstenlandschaft inmitten von Bergen.
Eine Frau bereitet zuhause das Abendessen zu.
Eine Menschengruppe lauscht einem Mann, der an einem Podium steht.
Vier Personen im Schnee.
Ein Mann in Winterkleidung schneidet auf einem schneebedeckten Feld einen Baum um.
Eine Gruppe Lufer im Ziel eines Rennens.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen T-Shirt und einem weien rmellosen Shirt mit der Nummer 44 darauf luft einen Marathon.
Ein blonder Junge in einem gestreiften T-Shirt tritt gleich gegen einen rosafarbenen Fuball.
Mehrere Personen stehen vor einem grauen Gebude mit einem Schild, auf dem Tickets Available Here steht.
Eine Frau mit verweintem Gesicht an einem Klavier.
Ein Mann in Skiausrstung springt in der Nhe eines Backsteingebudes und blauen Leitplanken durch die Luft.
Ein braun-weier Hund im Sprung und mit einem flexiblen Frisbee im Maul.
Ein Team in rot-schwarzen Uniformen stehen Schulter an Schulter, whrend die Menschenmenge in sie hineindrckt.
Eine Frau und ein Mann stehen vor einem Geschft.
Eine Band spielt im Freien auf einem Steingehweg.
Mehrere Personen auf der Strae, die zwei Straenknstlern zusehen.
Vier Frauen in Trachtenkleidung beobachten eine Veranstaltung.
Ein Mann mchte mit seinem Pferd ein Turnier gewinnen.
Ein Mann wscht oder trocknet Kleidung in einer primitiven Umgebung.
Mnner arbeiten unter schmutzigen Bedingungen mit rotem Stoff.
Eine Frau kocht in einer Schrze und lchelt in die Kamera. Im Hintergrund sind zwei weitere Kche zu sehen.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete Personen mit Schdelknochen auf der Jacke bzw. deme Rucksack blicken von der Kamera weg.
Ein Mann hlt ein Mikrophon in der Hand, whrend in der Nhe ein Paar tanzt.
Ein schwarzer Hund spielt mit einem grnen Spielzeug.
In der Menge steht eine Frau im roten Mantel am Fue der Treppe.
Eine Gruppe junger Musiker.
Eine Band mit einem Kontrabass-Spieler tritt in einem Zelt vor kanadischen Flaggen auf.
Eine Band bereitet sich auf den Auftritt vor.
Neun Tnzerinnen tragen Rckchen und verwenden auf der Bhne Gitarren aus dem Spiel Guitar Hero als Requisiten.
Mnner bereiten sich darauf vor, mit SXSWO live zu gehen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd und einem schwarzen Hoodie beobachtet einen anderen Mann in einem blauen Hemd, der mit elektronischen Gerten arbeitet.
Ein Mann in einer Winterjacke macht ein Foto.
Eine Person steigt in ein Auto, das vor dem Restaurant Swan im Schnee parkt.
Ein junger, orientalisch aussehender Junge hlt eine Trompete, die nach rechts zeigt.
Eine schwarzhaarige Gitarristin und ein Schlagzeuger spielen in einem groen Zelt.
Ein Mann spielt Minigolf und zwei andere Personen sehen zu.
Ein Junge springt in einen groen Laubhaufen, whrend eine Gruppe Kinder und eine Frau zusehen.
Ein Mann schrt ein Feuer mit einer Stange und lchelt.
Eine Frau und zwei kleine Kinder sitzen auf einer Betonbank mit ihren Hnden vor den Gesichtern.
Zwei Arbeiter kehren den Gehweg vor ihrem kleinen Geschft.
Ein offener Durchgang mit einigen vorbeigehenden Personen.
Eine Frau stbert in einigen Verzierungen.
Ein junger Mann in Tarnhose trgt einen groen Metallkasten den Gehweg entlang.
Zwei Touristen fotografieren die Landschaft und Ruinen.
Ein Afroamerikaner steht mit einem blauen Holzkarren mit zwei Rdern an einem Sandstrand.
Ein Mann legt sich ins Gras.
Ein Mann im Anzug spricht an einem Rednerpult.
Drei Mnner unterhalten sich auf einer Unternehmertagung.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich stehend miteinander und einer von ihnen trgt ein Shirt mit der Aufschrift summer school.
Zwei Mnner mustern drei Frauen, die sich ein Produkt ansehen.
Drei Personen sitzen an einem kleinen Tisch in der Nhe eines Bildschirms mit dem Text DEMOS, The Business of Care darauf.
Drei Personen sitzen an einem Tisch vor einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau steht an einem Podium und hlt mit dem Mikrophon in der Hand eine Rede.
Eine groe Gruppe hat sich fr ein Bankett versammelt.
Mehrere Personen in Anzgen stehen an einem Tisch mit einer roten Tischdecke.
Ein Junge in kurzer Hose lsst sich auf der Strae mit einem Wasserschlauch abspritzen.
Eine ltere Frau in einer grnen Jacke und mit einem roten Hut hlt ihre schwarze Umhngetasche und blickt in die Ferne.
Mehrere Personen essen an der Strae ein McDonalds-Men.
Eine ltere Frau mit Brille und einer wei-schwarzen Bluse arbeitet mit Farben.
Zwei Mnner gehen spazieren, einer mit einem Hund und einer mit einem Hundekotbeutel.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke steht drauen neben einem Fahrrad.
Mehrere Personen stehen in einem Park hinter einem geschmckten Boot.
Ein kleines Kind verwendet eine Schleifmaschine und trgt dabei eine Schutzbrille.
Ein Lehrer hilft einem kleinen Kind mit einer Maschine.
Ein Mann mit seinem Kopf nahe an einem Laptop drckt eine Taste.
Eine Frau setzt ein Objekt aus Holz zusammen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in gelber kurzer Hose und einem weien Oberteil verwendet einen Zuckerrohrstock zum Fischen in einem kleinen Teich.
Ein Hund fngt ein schwarzes Frisbee.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in Winterkleidung nachts vor einem Schaufenster.
Zwei ltere Personen gehen einen von Bumen gesumten Weg entlang.
Ein orangefarbener Lastwagen ist zu sehen, whrend sich Food Trucks auf einer Strae aufstellen.
Ein Mann schneidet Fleisch fr eine Mahlzeit.
Eine ltere Dame mit roten Schuhen, rosa Schal, grauem Hut und einer Tasche fhrt eine Konversation mit einem lteren Mann mit roter Hose, grnem Mantel und einem grnen Hut.
Ein Mann auerhalb eines mobilen Essensstands.
Ein sitzender alter Afroamerikaner mit einer Zigarette im Mund und einer Maschine vor ihm.
Eine Gruppe Schler betritt gemeinsam ein Klassenzimmer.
Ein sehr kleines Kind zeigt einem lterem Mann in einer Lederjacke ein schmollendes Gesicht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in einem Bus.
Ein junges Mdchen krmmt sich vor Schmerzen.
Ein Asiate mit langem weien Bart starrt geradeaus.
Eine blonde Frau in einem grell bedruckten T-Shirt hebt ihre Hand und lchelt.
Eine groe Menschenmenge auf einer Veranstaltung macht Fotos.
Personen betrachten ein Monument, auf dem eine Geschwindigkeit angezeigt wird.
Ein blonder Mann singt und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann steht in einer groen Gruppe Protestierender und hlt einen kleinen Aufkleber hoch, auf dem folgendes steht: I am a photographer, not a terrorist.
Ein Tnzer tritt mit einem Hula-Hoop-Reifen auf und im Hintergrund sitzen die Schiedsrichter.
Eine junge Frau nimmt einem Turnwettbewerb teil.
Eine Ballerina tanzt vor einer Jury.
Der Handwerker sitzt drauen und arbeitet an seiner Maschine mit Pedal, um ein Seil zu flechten.
Eine Frau lchelt und hlt dabei ein Spiderman-T-Shirt hoch.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf dem Boden und arbeiten mit Werkzeugen.
Eine Gruppe kleiner Kinder in einem Dorf ohne gepflasterte Straen.
Eine groe Menschenmenge sitzt auf den Zuschauerrngen und sieht sich ein Fuballspiel an.
Ein Mann mit einem Strohhut benutzt einen Hammer.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen sehen sich bei einer Kunstausstellung Kunstwerke an.
Ein kleines Kind mit einer lustigen Sonnenbrille, die fr sein Gesicht viel zu gro ist.
Mehrere Menschen im Souvenirshop eines Museums, die eventuell etwas kaufen mchten.
Ein Kerl auf einem Fahrrad mit einem Schferhund als Blindenhund.
Ein Husky schnffelt an der Schulter eines Pferdes, whernd der Besitzer des Hundes die zwei braunen Pferde streichelt.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke prsentiert voller Freude sein Produkt.
Eine Frau mit Brille fhrt sich mit den Fingern durch ihr Haar, whrend sie etwas mit einem Stift in ein Notizbuch schreibt.
Ein kleines Mdchen schreibt mit einem lila Stift.
Eine Frau geht in die Hocke, um nach einem Eimer voller toter und gehuteter Hhner zu greifen.
Mehrere Personen sitzen unter Sonnenschirmen am Strand.
Eine Person in einer roten Jacke fhrt auf Skiern einen verschneiten Berg mit Bumen hinab.
Bauarbeiter bauen ein weies Vordach.
Eine Krankenschwester berwacht ein kleines Kind, das scheinbar operiert wurde.
Eine Person in einem grnen Hemd springt auf das Bett.
Zwei Frauen, eine ltere und eine jngere, befinden sich scheinbar in einem ffentlichen Transportmittel.
Zwei kleine Jungen essen ihr Essen im Freien auf Betonstufen.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Stuhl und lchelt, whrend sie ein schlafendes Baby auf dem Arm hat.
Ein Mann holt sich Geld aus einem Geldautomaten.
Eine Menschenmenge steht in Gruppen auf einem zementierten Bereich gegenber einem Parkplatz mit einem Gebude im Hintergrund.
Der schwarze Hund hat das weie Spielzeug aus dem Wasser geholt.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Uniform schiebt einen hellhelben Fahreimer den Gang hinunter.
Ein sitzender Mann spielt Violine.
Drei Mnner in Schlafanzgen, zwei wischen den Boden und der andere sieht in einem Klassenzimmer zu.
Zwei Frauen in einer dunkelblauen Uniform.
Eine Person in einem blau-weien Mantel fhrt auf einem Fahrrad die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann in Rot spielt auf der Strae Gitarre.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Kleid legt den Kopf in den Scho einer Frau und lutscht dabei an ihrem Daumen.
Zwei Mnner stehen neben einem Verpflegungsstand.
Das Mdchen paddelt in einem rostigen Kanu im Wasser.
Ein Mann beim Knpfen mit einer Maschine.
Ein Mann macht vor Zuschauern einen Schwalbensprung von einer Klippe.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd arbeitet an einem Tisch.
Ein Oberleitungsfahrzeug fhrt durch eine Stadt.
Kinder sitzen auf Kernkissen und essen Popcorn.
Ein Arbeiter sitzt an ihrem Schreibtisch und sieht sich ihren Laptop an.
Der Hund springt ber die Bar.
Ein Lufer im Frhling luft gleich unter dieser Brcke hindurch.
Ein drinnen sitzender Mann betrachet den Fensterputzer drauen.
Zwei Mnner auf einem Sofa, eine sieht auf und der andere schaut mit einer Tasse in der Hand weg.
Der braune Hund luft im Wasser und leckt sich die Nase.
Ein Bus ffnet die Tr, um Fahrgste ein- und aussteigen zu lassen.
Zwei Kinder sitzen an einem Schreibtisch und ein weiteres sitzt auf der Fensterbank.
Ein Bild von einem kleinen Jungen auf einem Gehweg, der eine Taube betrachtet.
Eine groe Frau in einer blauen Jacke scheint gereizt zu sein.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen in einem Bus, aber nicht nebeneinander.
Ein Kleinkind schlgt mit einem Plastikhammer auf einen Metalltopf.
Eine Frau mit einer Grteltasche macht ein Foto von einem roten Auto.
Ein Pferd oder Maulesel zieht einen Mann in einem Wagen eine gepflasterte Strae entlang.
Drei Cowboys reiten auf ihren Pferden auf trockenem Grasland neben einem Zaun.
Ein Schwimmer in einem blauen Badeanzug lchelt fr ein Foto.
Zwei Mnner beim Fallschirmspringen ber einem groen blauen Gewsser.
Ein Basketballspiel kurz vor dem Anpfiff.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt in einem Basketballstadion und sieht einer Mannschaft in blau-gelben Trikots beim Aufwrmen zu.
Ein junger Mann spielt Klavier und singt bei einem Konzert.
Ein Mann in einem grauen T-Shirt und schwarzer kurzer Hose hlt vermutlich seinen Sohn an der Hand.
Ein Baby schlft auf einer Decke.
Mitglieder einer Sportmannschaft trainieren und entspannen auf einem Basketballplatz.
Basketballspielerinnen beim Aufwrmen vor einem Spiel.
Mehrere Personen, hauptschlich Teenager, arbeiten auf einem Gehweg.
Zwei Frauen mit Schaufeln stehen auf einem kleinen Hang.
Ein kleines Kind in Winterkleidung springt in einer verschneiten und bewaldeten Gegend.
Auf der Strae stehende Mnner halten ein Schild.
Ein Mann rasiert sich vor einem Spiegel sein Gesicht, das mit Rasierschaum bedeckt ist.
Eine erwachsene Frau und ein kleiner Junge gehen abends durch eine Stadt.
Am Boden liegender Turner, der einen Fu Richtung Decke streckt.
Ein brauner Hund kauert im Gras und sieht auf.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd mit Knpfen spielt Xylophon.
Ein junges Mdchen greift ein herunterhngendes Telefon, whrend ein Mann sich entfernt.
Fuballspieler auf einem Spielfeld, ein Team in schwarz-blauen Uniformen, das andere in rot-weien.
Personen in herrlich blauem Wasser surfen auf einer Welle.
Ein Mdchen mit einem rosafarbenen Skateboardhelm fhrt auf einer Skateboardrampe.
Ein unglcklich aussehendes Kind liegt in einem Park im Gras.
Drei Personen, von denen jede ein Paar rote Schneeschuhe anhat, entspannen im Schnee.
Zwei braun-weie Hunde im Gras nahe einer Steinstruktur.
Ein Kind mit blonden Haaren betrachtet eine Auswahl an Keksen und Brownies.
Der Hund befindet sich vor einigen Bschen.
Eine groe Gruppe Mnner hrt einem Mann mit Brille zu, der an einem Tisch mit einem seltsamen Muster sitzt.
Auf diesem Foto sieht man eine lchelnde Frau am Telefon.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Mantel und Jeans isst einen Hotdog.
Ein Stier strmt auf einen Matador zu, whrend drei andere Mnner das Tier betrachten.
Ein Bullenreiter fllt gerade von einem Bullen, dessen Hinterbeine hoch in der Luft sind.
Zwei Personen lcheln, whrend sie mit dem Schlitten einen schneebedeckten Weg hinabfahren, der von Kiefern gesumt ist.
Fnf Mnner in dicker Winterkleidung fahren mit Schlitten einen verschneiten Hang hinunter.
Ein Wanderer verwendet Wanderstcke aus Metall, um einen verschneiten Berg zu besteigen.
Ein unglckliches Kind mit geschlossenen Augen berhrt jemanden hinten an der Hose.
Drei Kinder bei einer Wasserstrae hinter einem Haus.
Ein Kleinkind in einem weien Jckchen mit Kapuze hlt sich an der Wand fest.
Acht orientalisch aussehende Teenager in roten Shirts sitzen auf einer Tribne aus Beton.
Ein kleines Kind in blauen Jeans und einem weien Shirt liegt auf dem Boden neben ausgeschnittenen Papierbumen und einer Sonne.
Schler in einem Klassenzimmer lesen etwas auf einem Blatt Papier.
Mehrere asiatische Kinde sitzen mit berkreuzten Beinen auf einem Betonboden.
Zwei Mdchen essen zusammen eine Mahlzeit.
Ein kleiner Junge macht ein Nickerchen unter einem Karton, auf dem Connie Facial Tissues steht.
Asiatische Schulkinder prsentieren gemeinsam ein Gruppenprojekt.
Ein Junge betrachtet ein merkwrdiges lilafarbenes Objekt im Haar seine Freundes.
Vier Kinder spielen in einer Turnhalle Basketball.
Ein dunkelhaariges Mdchen, das in einer Hand einen Schlger hlt und mit der anderen Hand das Friedenszeichen macht.
Vier Schler sitzen auf dem Boden neben einem Modellvulkan.
Eine Gruppe asiatischer Schler spielt London Bridges, whrend ein weitere Schler am Boden liegt.
Zwei junge Schler teilen sich vor der Klasse die ihnen zugewiesenen Aufgaben.
Zwei asiatische Schler versuchen, etwas wieder zusammenzusetzen.
Ein Band macht Musik.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute in roten Hemden und mit Taschen oder Geldbrsen.
Personen in einem sehr hohen, alten Gebude.
Asiatische Schulkinder in einem Kreis bei einer Gruppenaktivitt.
Asiatische Schler stehen in einer Linie und untersuchen Papierbgen.
Eine junge Asiatin hlt in einem Klassenzimmer eine ausgestopfte Spielzeugkatze in der Hand.
Drei junge Leute stehen in einem berfllten Raum.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen an einem Tisch, an dessen Ende eine grne Markierung steht.
Schler lesen im Klassenzimmer ihre Antworten.
Eine Gruppe junger Mdchen sitzt in einem Bus. Die meisten sehen aus dem Fenster. Ein Mdchen jedoch blickt in die Kamera und lchelt.
Eine Schulklasse, deren Schler alle etwas anderes tun.
Kinder spielen in einer Turnhalle mit einer Plane an einer Wand.
Vier asiatische Kinder sitzen in einem Klassenzimmer auf dem Boden.
Zwei Mdchen lachen, whrend sie sich farbenfrohe Bnder in die Haare binden.
Ein kleiner Mann hlt eine Rede.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid spielt auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein unbekannter Soldat in Grn deutet nach rechts, um einem anderen Mann etwas zu zeigen.
Mehrere Personen in Orange und Schwarz spielen vor Zuschauern auf verschiedenartigen Trommeln.
Eine Gruppe gut angezogener, junger Leute steht vor einer Gemeinde.
Zwei Mnner stehen im Schnee, einer blickt in die Kamera, der andere liest eine Zeitung bei einem Schild.
Zwei Mnner fahren Ski und der rechte davon lacht.
Ein Mann in einem schwarz-weien Badeanzug  es sieht aus, als ob er in der Luft hngt  bereitet sich auf einen Sprung in ein Schwimmbecken vor.
Ein Mann und eine Frau  beide nur sprlich begleidet  mit ineinander verschlungenen Armen.
Eine Frau tanzt zwischen Blttern, whrend die Zuschauer im Gras sitzen oder stehen.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Baufahrzeug.
Kinder spielen auf dem Gehweg in der Nhe eines Gebudes aus Lehmziegeln.
Ein Mann auf Krcken liest eine Zeitung.
Ein Baby spielt Schach und eine Katze sieht zu.
Ein Mann trgt Pflanzen und Kruter auf Bahnschienen.
Ein kleines blondes Kind schaut durch eine Glastr.
Ein junger Mann steht unter einem Playboy-Schild.
Ein Bauer bringt seine Orangen auf den Markt.
Viele nebeneinander geparkte Fahrrder.
Schulkinder in ihren Uniformen sehen sich im Klassenzimmer um.
Das Kind schlft, whrend er ist.
Eine Menschenmenge schiebt sich durch den Flughafen.
Ein Mann und Kinder bekommen mehrere Dinge von einer Frau.
Ein groer Mann in einem Langarmhemd, Hose und hohen Stiefeln kehrt einen Hof.
Zwei Frauen betrachten Brot auf einem Tisch.
Zwei Frauen in Rcken stehen neben einer Struktur aus Stein.
Ein Krankenwagen in der Nhe einer Kiefer.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und zwei Frauen in kurzen weien Kleidern stehen neben ihm.
Ein frhliche Mutter zieht ihr Baby auf einem Schlitten durch den Schnee.
Ein stehender Mann in einer braunen Jacke befreit den Gehweg mit einer Schaufel vom Schnee.
Zwei mnnliche Kinder subern einen Parkplatz von Laub.
Eine erwachsene Frau in einem Oberteil und einem Rock stellt Geschirr in den Geschirrspler.
Ein Mann mit hochgekrempelten rmeln gestikuliert beim Sprechen.
Ein Skifahrer in einem roten Schneeanzug und mit einem weien Hut steht im Schnee und hlt einen Skistock in der Hand.
Ein Mann gibt einem Jungen etwas zu essen.
Ein Mann mit Mantel und Schlapphut schiebt einen Einkaufswagen voller Taschen.
Ein Mann mit Hut hinter dem Lenkrad eines weien Tanklastwagens.
Eine verschneite Landschaft mit Beleuchtungskrpern und einem roten Zaun.
Personen, die durch eine hgelige Frostlandschaft wandern.
Drei Mnner in Regenkleidung stehen an der Anlegestelle eines Bootes und bereiten sich auf das Puten der Fische vor.
Der Hundebesitzer versucht, das Frisbee von seinem Haustier zurckzubekommen.
Eine Gruppe aus Mnnern und Frauen isst und trinkt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen im Treppenhaus.
Eine Gruppe Kinder steht in einer Lobby um eine Statue herum.
Kinder sitzen auf einer Wand auf einem Friedhof.
Ein Mann macht ein Foto whrend ein anderer eine fremdlndische Fassade betrachtet.
Eine Sngerin bei ihrem Auftritt auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Tisch und zeigt auf etwas, whrend ihn zwei Frauen ansehen.
Ein Mdchen geht nachts den Gehweg entlang.
Drei Personen stehen an einer Kste und halten ein groes Netz.
Mehrere Personen sitzen an einem Tisch mit Gerichten und Weinglsern.
Eine Person in der Kleidung eines Teenagers und mit einem Rucksack liegt mit dem Gesicht nach unten auf einer gepolsterten Bank.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd befhlt seinen Bart.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen auf einem Brett und arbeiten.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem mit Schachteln beladenen Fahrrad.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und singt zusammen mit einem anderen Mann.
Eine Frau betrachtet Bilder in einem Fotoalbum.
Zwei junge Mnner kmpfen mitten auf einem Feld miteinander.
Ein Skateboarder zeigt einen Sprungtrick.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen in orangefarbenen Westen gehen im Winter eine schneebedeckte Strae entlang.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf dem Boden und fertigen Decken.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd wird in einem Geschft von einer lteren Frau bedient.
Drei Mnner wiegen nach dem Verlassen des Bootes mit einer Waage ihren Fang.
Wartungs- oder Bauarbeiter auf einer Baustelle auf einer stark befahrenen Strae.
Eine ltere Frau in einem blauen Pullover spielt auf einem am Fenster stehenden Klavier.
Ein lterer Mann steht in einer Menschenmenge und lupft seinen Hut.
Ein paar Fachkrfte sitzen an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann wirft den Ball zu einem wartenden Schlagmann bei einem Spiel auf einem Parkplatz.
Ein Mann steht mit einer Schneeschaufel vor einem Haus.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Umhang tritt gegen einen kleinen Jungen in einem Trainingsanzug an.
Eine verschneite Nachbarschaft.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen vor einer groen, roten, modernen Statue.
Das Tpfern kann auch fr Junggebliebene unterhaltsam sein.
Kinder werden von einer Berieselungsanlage nass gespritzt.
Ein Mann kniet auf dem Dach eines Autos und hilft beim Abladen von Holz.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem langen, rosafarbenen Kleid mit Blumenmuster und dazu passendem Kopftuch trgt zwei groe, volle, weie Stofftaschen, in jeder Hand eine.
Als echter Cowboy gibt dieser Mann in einem aufregenden Moment beim Rodeo nicht auf.
In einem Park springt ein junger Mann auf einem Skateboard ber ein Objekt, whrend ein weiterer Mann kniend mit einer Kamera ein Foto des Sprungs macht.
Eine junge Frau in einem Rollkragenpullover und einer schwarzen Jacke lchelt fr ein Foto.
Eine Frau posiert neben einem Kfig voller Plschhaie und hinter ihr an der Wand sind Comiczeichnungen zu sehen.
Zwei Jungs proben die Ausfhrung eines Handschlags.
Eine kleines Mdchen mit brauner Schneejacke und lila Schneehose spielt mit einer roten Schaufel im Schnee.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd hlt eine Gesichtsmaske.
Ein lterer Mann hebt Stcke zerbrochener Barbie-Puppen auf.
Ein Mann sitzt im IKEA-Geschft auf einem Stuhl.
Mehrere Damen gehen einen Gehweg neben einer blau-weien Wand entlang.
Zwei Jungen in riesigen Blasen im Wasser.
Zwei Kinder, eines in einer rosafarbenen Jacke und das andere in einer rosa-blauen Jacke mit Blumenmuster, umarmen sich im Schnee.
Auf dem Heimweg an einem kalten Wintertag.
Eine Menschenmenge auf dem Weg zur Arbeit.
Zwei als Clowns geschminkte Mnner fhren auf der Bhne einen musikalischen Sketch auf.
Einef Frau singt auf der Bhne, whrend ein als Clown geschminkter Mann Gitarre spielt.
Ein Baby schlft und nuckelt an seinem Finger.
Vier Bandmitglieder spielen auf einer roten Bhne vor einem groen Herz.
Drei Musiker bei einem Auftritt auf einer rot beleuchteten Bhne.
Eine Frau mit einem Rucksack und einer Bluse in Aquamarin hlt sich mit der Hand ihr Haar aus dem Gesicht und blickt ber einige Hgel.
Ein Kind spielt mit einer grnen Schaufel im Schnee.
Ein Mann in einem schwarz-wei gestreiften Hemd schlft auf einer Betonbank.
Zwei kleine Mdchen fahren auf einem Rad.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil und kurzer Hose geht am Wasser entlang und hat Kopfhrer auf.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung spielt Mundharmonika.
Ein Mann untersucht scheinbar das Essen in einer Kche.
Ein Baseballspieler bereitet sich darauf vor, mit dem Schlger den geworfenen Ball zu schlagen.
Ein wei gekleideter Bcker mit einem Haarnetz verwendet bei seiner Arbeit mit Teig eine lange Stange.
Zwei Frauen sitzen in einem Treppenhaus in einem hauptschlich wei geflieten Gebude.
Ein Mann in dunkler Kleidung steht vor einem beleuchteten Weihnachtsbaum im Schatten.
Ein Mann steht von einem Ofen mit Brot.
Ein Mann mit einem Messer betrachtet Essen auf einer Rotisserie, whrend ihm andere dabei zusehen.
Ein sehr kleines Kind trgt ein weies Kostm um seinen Kopf.
Ein Asiate setzt sich unter herabhngenden Kabeln und neben ihm steht ein Koffer mit Bildern von Frauen darauf.
Zwei Mnner entfernen sich von einer Bank.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Pullover giet Flssigwaschmittel in eine Waschmaschine in einem Waschsalon.
Ein schwarzer Hund luft ber eine Grnflche.
Eine Frau, die soeben mit ihrer Tanzvorfhrung fertig geworden ist.
Ein braunhaariger Mann singt und spielt dazu auf einer Gitarre.
Eine Turnerin steht auf dem Kopf und hat die Beine gespreizt.
Zwei Polizisten fahren mit Fahrrdern auf der Strae.
Zwei junge Mdchen mit langen Haaren verstecken sich hinter einer Wand und lcheln mit rosigen Wangen. Eine hat eine rote Bluse an und die andere eine weie.
Zwei Personen tragen ihre Taschen eine ungepflasterte Strae hinunter.
Ein Junge geht mit seinem Hund durch den Schnee und hlt sein Snowboard, whrend ihm ein lterer Mann  vermutlich sein Vater  im Hintergrund folgt.
Ein Mdchen mit weiem und rotem Make-up hlt einen roten Schirm.
Eine Gruppe von vier Personen geht einen Pfad entlang.
Drei Mnner in einem kleinen Boot werden zu Wasser gelassen.
Ein Kind und ein Erwachsener in Winterkleidung fahren auf Fahrrdern die Strae hinunter.
Zwei Personen sitzen auf einem Felsen in einem Stadtpark.
Ein brauner Hund versucht vergeblich, eine fliegende Scheibe zu fangen.
Ein Mann geht um die Ecke eines roten Gebudes.
Ein Mann mit Hose in einer Felswand.
Zwei Frauen essen zusammen.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Jacke betrachtet zu Sulen gestapelte Steine.
Ein Leichtathlet wirft einen Speer bei einer Leichtathletikveranstaltung.
Ein Hirtenhund wird von einer Jury bei einer Hundeschau begutachtet.
Eine Menschenmenge sieht zu, wie fnf Hunde bei einer Hundeschau bewertet werden.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd steht auf einer orangefarbenen Leiter, um ein Licht zu reparieren.
Eine Person in blauer Leggings geniet das Eislaufen.
Eine nicht sehr glcklich aussehende Frau in einem Bus, der sehr voll zu sein scheint.
Viele Menschen bei einer Hundeschau in einem Station.
Menschen mit ihren Ski in einer Schlange in einem Skigebiet.
Zwei Mnner steigen auf ein hlzernes Gerst.
Drei Personen in Mnteln gehen auf einem Berg auf einem schneebedeckten Pfad.
Drei Personen mit Schferhunden auf einem grnen Rasen.
Ein Kind starrt von hinter einer Stahlgitterabsperrung nach drauen.
Eine lchelnde Frau trgt einen einzigartigen Kopfschmuck.
Eine Person in dunkler Kleidung macht einen Salto in den Schnee entlang der Strae.
Ein brauner Hund zeigt seine Zhne.
Ein Beagle und ein blondes Kind tragen bei einer Veranstaltung die Nummer 96.
Der Herr mit einer Jacke malt ein wunderschnes Bild der Umgebung.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in farbenfrohen Kostmen fhren nachts einen Tanz auf.
Ein junges Mdchen und ein Schferhund am Strand.
Eine Mutter, ihre Kinder und ihr Hund an einem Strand sehen aus, als ob sie Urlaub machen.
Ein asiatisches Paar steht neben einem Fantasy-Poster.
Drei Personen in Bodies sind am Boden und scheinen zu schreien.
Ein Mann legt bei einer Konferenz seinen Arm um seine Freundin.
Mehrere Personen in einem Raum unterhalten sich und sitzen auf Sthlen.
Personen holen sich nachts etwas zu essen an einem Buffet.
Ein Mann in einer weien Jacke mit einem Jungen auf dem Scho, der ebenfalls eine weies Shirt anhat.
Zwei Mdchen beim Sport.
Ein lterer Mann malt im Freien auf einer Staffelei ein Landschaftsbild.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack und Schal sitzt auf einem Stein und sieht traurig aus.
Ein Mann in einem grn karierten Hemd macht vor einer kleinen Zuschauermenge Karaoke mit einer Gitarre.
Ein Mann spricht mit einer Gruppe von Personen.
Eine Mann und eine Frau  beide halten Pakete  sprechen mit zwei sitzenden Mnnern in einer hell beleuchteten Lobby.
Redner in einem Raum voller Menschen sitzen auf Sthlen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und Jeans verwendet eine Kettensge zum Fllen eines Baums.
Ein Kind mit einer weien Jacke steht im Schnee.
Zwei Personen schieben ihr Boot hinaus auf das Meer.
Ein Prchen ksst sich vor einem groen Eisherz.
Sieben Personen spielen drauen und tragen ein Schild bei sich, mit dem sie um Spenden bitten.
Eine Person in einem rot-goldenen Kostm steht hinter einem Mann in Schwarz.
Menschen in einem Bus, der nach 84 Peterson fhrt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau arbeiten mit einem Werkzeug an einem Stamm.
Eine alte Frau mit Kopfschmuck kultiviert den Boden eines Felds mit einer Hacke.
Ein Kind betrachtet eine Eidechse in der Hand eines anderen Kinds.
Der Mann im schwarzen Hemd singt in das Mikrophon und spielt auf einer Akustikgitarre.
Zwei Mnner, ein Pitcher und ein Schiedsrichter spielen im Freien Baseball.
Ein Snowboardfahrer in Orange und Blau steht auf einem blauen Tisch in einem Skigebiet.
Eine Menschenmenge vesammelt sich im Winter in einem Park.
Eine Frau hlt in der Stadt am Randstein einer Strae, um mit ihrem Handy zu telefonieren.
Ein Mann geht auf einem Gehweg, der sich noch im Bau befindet.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen das Spiel Twister und ihre Hnde und Fe befinden sich auf blauen und grnen Feldern.
Mehrere Personen laufen ein Rennen.
Der Mann mit dem blauen Helm reitet auf einer Polaris.
Ein junges Mdchen geht einem Handwerk nach und einige Personen sehen ihm dabei zu.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Grtel betreibt eine Kampfsportart.
Eine Frau an einem Spinnrad.
Ein kleiner indianischer Junge macht Blasen mit einem Seifenblasengert.
Ein einsamer Fischer berprft auf seinem Boot die Netze.
Eine Frau aus Indien spinnt im Stehen Garn.
Mehrere Personen haben sich auf einem Bauernmarkt um den Olivenhndler versammelt.
Ein Mann in einer dunkelgrnen Jacke bindet eine schwarzes Pferd an einem schwarzen Pfosten an.
Bergsteigen an der Seite einer Felsklippe.
Eine geschftliche Veranstaltung und eine attraktive blonde Frau lchelt in die Kamera mit ihrem Handy in der Hand.
Mehrere Personen gehen eine Strae hinunter und im Vordergrund ist ein gelbes Mofa zu sehen.
Ein Eislufer hlt die koreanische Flagge und winkt seinen Fans.
Eine Frau mit der Nummer 145 nimmt an einem Rennen teil.
Ein Hispanoamerikaner in Schwarz hlt die Hand einer tanzenden Frau.
Vier Kinder sitzen in einem pastellfarbenen Klassenzimmer.
Das Bild von sechs asiatischen Kindern mit Tamburinen.
Ein Kind in einer Jeansjacke beim Spielen.
Ein junges Mdchen steht vor einer Reihe gelber Sthle.
Vier Frauen interagieren auf einer Konferenz.
Eine Frau hlt sich ihren Hals und beobachtet etwas.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau am Handy hltein kleines Mdchen an der Hand, das ein pinkfarbenes Kleid anhat.
Ein Obdachloser liegt auf dem Boden und seine Habseligkeiten sind um ihn herum verstreut.
Jogger bei einem Rennen an einem kalten Tag.
Viele Personen in einem Raum, die lcheln und sich unterhalten.
Eine Gruppe Frauen, die alle in dieselbe Richtung blicken.
Leute klatschen nach einer Rede.
Eine Frau in Schwarz legt ihren Arm um eine andere Frau, whrend ein Foto von ihnen gemacht wird.
Eine Marathonlufer beim Start oder beim Passieren eines Kontrollpunkts bei einem Spendenmarathon.
Eine Menschenmenge bereitet sich auf einen Marathon vor.
Die Lufer werden von den Zuschauern bei einem Lauf fr Haiti fotografiert.
Lufer treten in einem Marathon gegeneinander an.
Eine Frau in Schlittschuhen mit mehreren Personengruppen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann wirft in der Kche eine Zwiebel in die Luft.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen an einem kalten Morgen die Strae hinunter.
Mehrere kleine Mdchen sitzen an einem Tisch und malen.
Einige Tnzer und Zuschauer bei einem Konzert in einem Musikpavillion.
Mehrere Marathonlufer.
Ein Mdchen mit Hut sitzt an einem Strand und telefoniert mit ihrem Handy.
Die Maschine grbt ein tiefes Loch in den Boden.
Marathonlufer laufen an einem kalten Wintertag eine Strae an einem Park hinunter.
Mehrere Lufer treten an einem kalten Tag in der Stadt gegeneinander an.
Ein barfiger Mann blickt ber eine Klippe, als sich die Sonne soeben noch ber dem Horizont befindet.
Ein brtiger Mann ohne T-Shirt repariert sein Fahrrad.
Mehrere Personen in einer Schlange bedienen sich an einem Buffet, das auf einem Tisch mit weier Tischdecke angerichtet ist.
Zwei kleine Kinder gehen ber ein Feld.
Eine Gruppe aus jungen und alten Leuten hlt eine Friedensdecke.
Ein Teil einer Wandbemalung mit einem Baum.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem weien Pullover mit Punkten spielt mit einer Eisenbahn aus Holz.
Ein kleines Mdchen berprft ihre Kleidung.
Zwei dunkelhaarige Mnner in orangefarbenen Hemden lehnen neben einem Mann in Uniform an einem Schreibtisch.
Ein glckliches Kind sitzt auf dem Scho einer Frau in einer grnen Bluse.
Eine Person in einer orangefarbenen Bluse liegt auf dem Boden. Um sie herum stehen weitere Personen und lcheln.
Kinder fhren auf einer Bhne etwas auf und im Hintergrund sind Zelte zu sehen.
Auf der Bhne stehen drei Jungen mit Podien vor sich. Sie bereiten sich auf eine Ansprache vor.
Zwei Pfadfinder in Jeans auf einer Bhne mit Zelten.
Fnf Jungen sitzen auf einer Bhne vor zwei grnen Zelten hinter einem Banner der Boy Scouts of America.
Pfadfinder auf einer Bhne mit einem Mikrophon.
Ein junger Pfadfinder sitzt drinnen in einem Campingstuhl vor einem grnen Zelt.
Ein gehender Mann in einer hellgelben Jacke.
Ein junges, orientalisch aussehendes Mdchen in einem rosa und grau gestreiften Hemd nascht eine Erdbeere und blickt nach rechts auf etwas hinter der Kamera.
Zwei Personen machen ein Picknick an einem See.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Weste steht neben einem gelben Kanu.
Eine Pfadfindergruppe zeigen eine Vorfhrung.
Eine Gruppe Pfadfinder steht in einer Reihe.
Zwei Teenager in Pfadfinderuniformen.
Eine Gruppe aus fnf Pfadfindern steht auf einer Bhne.
Drei kleine Jungen treten in einem Theaterstck auf.
Zwei Metallkfige, einer mit zwei Kaninchen, der andere mit Kartons.
Blaue Milchksten auf einem Kai bei einem Boot.
Zwei Personen stehen an einem bewlkten Tag am Strand und posieren fr die Kamera.
Ein Mann mit Brille tippt an seinem Laptop.
Sitzende Hndler auf einem Straenmarkt mit Glsern voller Waren in Rot und Grn.
Ein Mann in einem Krankenhausbett mit Sauerstoffschluchen in der Nase.
Zwei Mnner und ein Mdchen schwimmen in Schwimmwesten im Wasser.
Ein Mann sucht in einem Gromarkt nach einem Hawaii-Hemd.
Zwei Erwachsene, zwei Kinder und zwei Hunde sitzen auf einem Sofa.
Ein in Gedanken versunkener Mann und eine geduldig wartende Frau.
Vier mittelgroe Hunde rangeln miteinander auf einer Wiese.
Ein Mdchen versteckt sich hinter einer Holzstruktur in einem Gebude.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid versucht, einem Mann im Anzug Hasenohren zu machen.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt mit einem Buch auf einer Treppe.
Ein kleiner Junge blickt von einem Balkon. Er ist umgeben von Pflanzen, einem Spielzeugfahrrad und Pflanztpfen.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad mit vielen verschiedenen Objekten darauf.
Eine Person in einem gestreiften Shirt, blauen Jeans und blauen Turnschuhen steht auf einem Felsen in einem Bach.
Zwei Mnner an einer Ampel schneiden Grimassen.
Zwei Mnner spielen Tischtennis in einem Raum mit schwacher Beleuchtung.
Die Mnner setzen den Metallrahmen zusammen.
Eine Frau verkauft Gemse von einem fahrbaren Straenstand.
Eine Frau geht neben einem Mann und telefoniert dabei mit ihrem Handy.
Eine Person in einem gelben Hemd spricht mit einem jungen Mdchen.
Ein Mann mit weiem Helm lsst die Reifen seines schwarz-grnene Motorrads durchdrehen.
Eine Frau beobachtet einen braunen Hund, der von einem Haus ber das Gras wegluft.
Ein Mann steht vor einer blauen Wand und schaut beim Rauchen nach unten.
Ein Mann mit einem Regenschirm macht an einem Tag mit starkem Schneefall Fotos.
Drei Kinder rennen auf einem Feld um Fahrrder herum.
Ein junger Mann mit Brille, schwarzem Shirt und weier Mtze isst Pizza und Brot.
Ein Mann geht von einem Gehweg eine Stufe hinauf.
Eine Gruppe aus drei Mnnern und zwei Frauen sitzt an einem Tisch mit Essen, Getrnken und einem Spiel darauf.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Hemd bedeckt im Freien ihre Augen.
Zwei Personen fahren auf einem Motorrad auf einer stark befahrenen Strae.
Eine Parade mit viel Licht und Farben.
Eine lter aussehende Frau macht sich im Vorlesungssaal einer Universitt Notizen zu einer Vorlesung. Im Hintergrund sind jngere Studenten zu sehen.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch und macht ein Foto.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Mantel stellt seine Kamera ein, um damit Fotos zu machen.
Eine Frau in einer Robe geht einen Marmorgang hinunter.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut wird von einem braunen Pferd getreten.
Ein Cowboy reitet ein sich aufbumendes Pferd, whrend zwei Kerle vom Tor aus zusehen.
Ein Mann mit einem aufgeblasenen Hut hlt farbige ausgeschnittene Zeichnungen von zwei Mnnern hoch.
Menschen schlendern durch einen Hallenmarkt.
Ein Mann steht auf dem Gehweg und hat einen Stock in der Hand.
Mehrere Personen fotografieren ein Gebude.
Eine Gruppe Menschen steht um einen Haufen Mll herum.
Eine Frau sht ein indianisches Artefakt fr ein bevorstehendes Fest.
Mehrere Personen in Chemikalienschutzanzgen stehen vor schwarzen Mllscken.
Zwei Frauen treten in einem Hrdenrennen gegeneinander an.
Zwei junge Mtter sitzen am Esszimmertisch und haben dabei ein Auge auf ihre Kinder.
Eine Gruppe Personen betrachtet einen niedlichen kleinen Hund.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse schmollt und eine Mann in einem weien Hemd sieht zu.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einer Fabrik.
Ein Mann auf einem leeren Gehweg nahe einer Struktur.
Ein Kind versteckt sich unter einem Mbelstck.
Zuschauer stehen um ein Basketballfeld in einer Arena herum.
Ein junges Mdchen ksst ihre Mutter auf die Lippen.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit einer roten Maske trgt eine Schachtel.
Eine Ballerina in Gelb tanzt auf der Bhne.
Ein Junge in einem roten Poncho lehnt gegen einen Pfosten und liest.
Eine Frau in Schwarz geht mit einem Kind an einer Wandmalerei von einer trockenen Landschaft vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einem Augenbrauen-Piercing betrachtet den Bildschirm eines Laptop. Im Hintergund ist eine Katze zu sehen.
Zwei Zimmergenossen versuchen, das Waschbecken in der Kche zu reparieren.
Eine Dame mit einer roten Mtze serviert Essen.
Zwei Mnner in einem Raum unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann gestikuliert mit seinen Armen in einem Raum voller Computer.
Ein Mann hilft mehreren Frauen mit einem Laptop im Klassenzimmer.
Drauen fliegt ein Kind mit vielen Ballons in seiner Hand.
Ein Asiate steht neben einer Tr und zeigt auf etwas.
Ein junger Mann steht vor einer Gruppe und hlt einige Papiere in der Hand.
Ein Mann hlt ein Buch in der Hand und sieht vom Buch weg.
Junge Frauen mit Pelzmantel und -hut kommen aus einer Bar.
Jemand hebt eine andere Person auf ein Karussel.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf der Bhne Gitarre mit zwei Frauen als Background-Sngerinnen.
Ein Mann bereitet einen weien Volkswagen auf das Abschleppen mit einem Abschleppwagen vor.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und ein Mann mit einem Hut treten bei einem Konzert auf.
Eine Frau zerlegt und verkauft Fisch.
Eine Gruppe junger Erwachsener steht in der Nhe eines Aufstellers fr die Biersorte Pabst Blue Ribbon.
Ein lterer Musiker spielt auf der Bhne Gitarre.
Ein Mann und eine kleiner Junge in einem Fluss nahe eines sandigen Ufers.
Ein Mann mit einer dunkelblauen Schrze nimmt eine Bestellung entgegen.
Zwei Mnner in neutralfarbener Kleidung unterhalten sich ber eine Mahlzeit.
Ein Mann liest Zeitung in einem Waschsalon.
Asiatische Schler arbeiten in einem Klassenzimmer in Gruppen an Schreibtischen.
Ein Mann mit einer grauen Jacke und einer blauen Jeans spricht vor einer Menschenmenge in ein Mikrophon.
Eine Frau joggt in einem roten Outfit neben mehreren Straenschildern.
Ein Gitarrespieler in einem schwarzen Hemd auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann in einem dunklen Hemd sitzt neben einem weien Hut und schlft.
Eine Person in einem roten Pullover beim Segeln.
Eine junge Frau mit roten Haaren und lila Kleidung hlt einen Umschlag in der Hand, whrend sie auf einem Gehweg dahinschlendert.
Mehrere Personen mit Krben auf dem Rcken stehen nebeneinander.
Junge weie Menschen in einem leicht dunklen Raum.
Ein Mann in einer Lederjacke und mit Cowboyhut streckt auf der Strae seine Hand aus.
Ein kleines Kind in einer weien Jacke steht vor einem Fahrrad.
Ein Mann mit Handschuh hlt einen Raubvogel.
Ein Mann im lila Outfit melkt ein Rentier vor einem Wald im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann, der Taschen die Treppe hinauftrgt, unterbricht seine Arbeit und geniet ein Nudelgericht aus der Tasse.
Zwei Mnner, einer in einem gelben und einer in einem blauen Shirt, spielen mit einem Frisbee.
Drei Personen spielen Frisbee in einem Park.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem braunen Stuhl neben einem Hund und lchelt in die Kamera.
Die Polizei verhaftet jemanden auf einer belebten Strae.
Ein junger Mann mit LA auf seiner Mtze malt eine Schildkrte auf einen grnen Hintergrund.
Eine Frau posiert in einer tretenden Position.
Ein Mann in einem wei-grauen Hemd sieht einem Mann ohne Hemd und mit Schnurrbart zu, wie er auf einem blassgrnen Tisch Fische putzt.
Ein Patriot kleidet sich und sein Pferd in den Fahnen der amerikanischen Flagge, um aufzufallen.
Ein brauner Hund und ein weies Plschtier.
Eine Frau fhrt mit einem Fahrrad am Strand.
Eine junge Frau in einem Trenchcoat trgt eine Plastiktte den Gehweg entlang.
Ein Erwachsener und ein Kind spielen Monopoly. Das Kind verdeckt sein Gesicht mit der Hand.
Mehrere Personen am Strand, aufgenommen aus groer Hhe.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Balkon und betrachtet die wunderschne Stadt.
Eine Frau im pinkfarbenen Bikini und ein Mann in schwarzer Badehose springen am Strand ins Wasser.
Ein grnes Gebude, vor dem zwei Personen sitzen.
Eine Person reitet auf einem Pferd auf einem Trampelpfad.
Sandstrand, spazierende, liegende und sitzende Menschen, ein fliegender Drache.
Ein Koch in einem schwarzen Hemd und mit kariertem Bandana kocht an einem Industrieofen.
Vier Personen machen verschiedene Dinge, vom Gitarrespielen bis hin zum Arbeiten an einem Computer.
Ein Cowboy auf einem sich aufbumenden, halbwilden Pferd steht kurz davor, abgeworfen zu werden.
Mnner auf einer Eisbahn mit einem Mann auf einem durchgegangenen Pferd.
Ein Wasserskifahrer ber dem Wasser vor hohen Palmen im Hintergrund.
Eine Person in einem Mantel und mit einem Regenschirm verlsst das Haus.
Ein dunkler Mann bricht in einer Gasse mit einem Schraubendreher durch ein Fenster ein.
Zwei orientalisch aussehende Personen sitzen an einem Tisch in einem Restaurant.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber einen Zweig im Wald.
Zwei Frauen essen zusammen in einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen nah beisammen auf einer grnen Bank.
Ein junger Mann raucht in einem Park.
Ein Mann lehnt gegen das Gelnder im dritten Stock eines Terminals.
Eine Frau in einer gelben Bluse am Bahnhof.
Ein Bild von einem Mdchen in einem halb hochgeschobenen Shirt, das hinter einer Frau steht, die nach unten sieht.
Ein kleines Kind bekommt ein Dessert.
Ein kleines Kind in einem rosafarbenen Shirt steht an einer Theke und mixt etwas in einer Schssel.
Eine Frau hlt beim Singen ein Mikrophon in der Hand.
Ein Afroamerikaner mit einem grnen Hut sitzt im Freien neben einem Stamm.
Vier Personen gehen die Strae entlang. Zwei halten sich an den Hnden und eine hlt eine Gitarre.
Eine Frau in einer braunen Jacke lacht ber etwas, das ihr ein Freund erzhlt.
Zwei Mnner in einer Curlinghalle.
Ein Mann im roten Kragenhemd spricht voller Begeisterung in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Paar steht mit Einkaufstten vor einer Ziegelwand.
Ein Mann in Rot betrachtet den Stand eines Verkufers auf einem Markt.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Bart hat einen grnen Hut der Marke Miller auf.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil und mit einer Geldbrse ffnet den Mund und sieht aufgeregt aus.
Eine Person mit einem roten Regenschirm geht eine verschneite Strae entlang.
Ein Mann wscht sich die Haare, putzt die Zhne und rasiert sich, und zwar gleichzeitig.
Ein Mann trgt ein Mbelstck aus einem Laster.
Viele Menschen versammeln sich, um eine neue Erfindung zu bestaunen.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Hose geht an einer Backsteinwand mit Graffiti vorbei.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Barett und einer Strumpfhose mit Leopardenmuster sitzt auf einer Bank.
Kinder warten auf der Strae auf die Parade.
Eine Frau in einer weien Uniform sortiert Nsse hinter einer Glastheke.
Eine Frau in einem rosafarbenen Pullover schneidet mit einem Messer Kse.
Vier Polizeibeamte stehen auf einer Strae und vor ihnen geht ein Clown.
Zwei Damen feiern auf der Strae.
Falls dieses Gert korrekt funktioniert, sollte ich damit jedes einzelne Krnchen erwischen knnen.
Ein Mann auf einem Stuhl macht Werbung oder gibt Informationen weiter.
Ein Mann in einem schwarz-wei gestreiften Hemd und mit einem Helm subert den Holzboden, whrend ihm eine andere Person hilft.
Ein Mann wartet darauf, die Kreuzung berqueren zu knnen.
Zwei ltere Personen stehen auf einem Gehweg mit einem Hund an der Leine.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Straencaf und raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein Snowboardfahrer in einer blauen Jacke und grner Hose fhrt einen Hgel hinunter.
Ein Mann denkt whrend einer Versammlung ber etwas nach.
Ein brauner Hund schwimmt im trben Wasser.
Ein lterer Mann macht mit seinem Smartphone ein Foto.
Ein Paar in Winterkleidung betrachtet gerahmte Bilder an einer weien Wand.
Religise Mnner in burgunderfarbener Kleidung gehen die Strae hinunter.
Eine Frau mit einem Fahrrad betrachtet eine Statue, die Werbung fr eine asiatisches Restaurant macht.
Ein Mann schippt Schnee auf einem Gehweg.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich und einer davon blickt in die Ferne.
Ein Polizist fhrt auf einem Motorrad.
Mehrere Personen sitzen in einem Speisebereich mit blauen Lampen.
Ein Turner balanciert auf dem Kopf auf einem Balken.
Lufer  manche in Kostmen  beteiligen sich an einem Marathon am St. Paddy's Day und viele Menschen sehen zu.
Eine Frau hlt sich an einer Stange fest, whrend sie Turnbungen macht.
Ein Mdchen in einem lilafarbenen Trikot wird von einem Mdchen in einem blauen und lilafarbenen Outfit umarmt.
Ein Mann geht eine Strae entlang und hinter ihm sind Fahrrder.
Zwei Personen stehen sich auf einer Brcke nahe einer Grostadt von Angesicht zu Angesicht gegenber.
Zwei sich unterhaltende Mnner von oben.
Eine Frau umarmt eine andere Frau von hinten.
Zwei Personen fhren am Straenrand ein vertrauliches Gesprch.
Eine brnette Frau in einer karierten Bluse und kniehohen Strmpfen mit grnen Perlen am Handgelenk.
Eine Frau durchsucht Mllcontainer an einem verschneiten Tag.
Eine Frau in einem Gewand und Bikini mit Abstzen steht auf einer Bhne neben einem Blumentopf.
Eine Frau geht eine kalte Strae hinunter.
Wohnhuser und ein Hndler, der davor Eiscreme verkauft.
Frauen in pinkfarbenen Blusen verkaufen Donuts in einem Park.
Ein sitzender Mann liest die Times Sport.
Zwei Personen gehen auf eine andere Person mit Miniaturpferden zu.
Ein Knstler arbeitet an einem seiner Werke.
Ein Mann geht einen von Palmen gesumten Weg entlang.
Zwei Personen in grnen und lilafarbenen Kostmen und mit weier Gesichtsbemalung.
Zwei russische Frauen unterhalten sich und eine dritte geht im Vordergrund vorbei.
Zwei Kinder umarmen sich auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Shirt, orangefarbenen Schuhen und mit braunem Hut auf einem sich in der Luft befindenden Skateboard.
Ein Flugzeug hoch oben am Himmel und ein gehender Mann am Boden.
Zwei Personen reinigen die Strae per Hand und per Maschine.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Mantel balanciert auf einem gefllten Baumstamm im Wald.
Ein Mann schlft auf einer roten Bank.
Zwei Personen organisieren eine groe Menge Lebensmittel entlang einer belebten Strae.
Eine Person geht an einem alten Gebude vorbei.
Ein weier Hund hat einen weien Stock im Maul, whrend er durch den Schnee luft.
Zwei Schwimmer bei einem Sprung in ein Schwimmbecken.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Winterjacke schiebt einen Einkaufswagen durch den Schnee.
Eine Frau verteilt Flyer an vorbeigehende Personen.
Ein Junge in einem roten T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift I love NY winkt jemandem zu seiner Rechten.
Passanten vor einem verzierten Ziegelgebude.
Ein Mann und eine Frau  beide mit Hten  stehen auf dem Gehweg einer geschftigen Stadt.
Ein Obdachloser in einer dicken Jacke betrachtet sein Essen.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille und Hut steht auf der Strae und hat ein Schild mit einem Sonderangebot fr Sandwiches umgehngt.
Eine Frau mit Brille sitzt fast ganz oben auf einem Hgel und neben fr dieses Gelnde geeigneten Fahrzeugen.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Jacke und einem roten Schal und Leggings geht neben einem Mann, whrend ein anderer vorbeigeht und sich zu ihnen umdreht.
Eine Dame steht neben einem Baum und betrachtet ihr Handy.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer Gruppe von Personen grinst, die mit geschlossenen Augen in einer Schlafposition posieren.
Ein uniformierter Mann steht an einem Eingang.
Zwei junge Personen lcheln in die Kamera, whrend sie mit ihrem Hund Gassi gehen.
Ein Mann macht bei der Fahrt mit dem Snowboard einen Sprung.
Ein Mann und eine Frau  beide mit weien Hten, khakifarbenen Hosen und dunklen Jacken  berqueren die Strae.
Eine junge Frau geht in einem roten Parka die regnerischen Straen hinunter.
Auf dem Times Square steht ein Schild, das die baldige Ankuft von Jesus verkndet.
Ein Pitcher kurz vor dem Werfen des Balls.
Eine Person wandert am Fu schneebedeckter Berge.
Ein Student auf einem Gehweg in der Nhe eines Campus.
Ein Mann sitzt im Freien an einem Holztisch und liest ein Buch, whrend im Vordergrund Enten fressen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in rosafarenen Kleidern hlt gelbe Stbe.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer zu groen Mtze isst ein Eis am Stiel.
Eine Gruppe von vier Mnnern geht am Strand entlang und werden von einer Frau in einem blauen Bikini angesehen.
Ein Mann transportiert eine Ladung frischer Schachteln auf einem Wagen, als eine Frau auf ihn zugeht.
Ein Mann berquert an einem kalten Wintertag die Strae.
Ein junges Mdchen sitzt an einem Tisch voller Essen und isst etwas.
Ein Mann macht eine Videoaufnahme von einer Frau.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Jacke telefoniert an einer Straenecke.
Ein lterer Mann liest auf dem Gehweg Zeitung.
Dieser Mann trgt ein T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift coolest dad in the world.
Erwachsene spielen ohne Trikots Fuball.
Ein Mdchen in einer roten kurzen Hose und Sandalen sitzt drauen grinsend auf einem Gelnder.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Stuhl und schaut in einen Spiegel.
Einer duneklhaarigen Frau wird von einer rothaarigen Frau ein weies Kleid angepasst.
Eine Gruppe junger Erwachsener spielt Twister.
Eine Frau mit einem Stirnband isst etwas und ein Mann sieht ihr dabei zu.
Eine Frau legt neue Lebensmittel auf den Tisch.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf Sthlen unter einen blauen Zelt.
Eine Menschengruppe posiert zusammen fr ein Foto.
Mehrere Personen sitzen an einem ffentlichen Platz auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann setzt sich neben eine rostige Wand.
Im Vordergrund sitzt ein dunkelhutiger Mann und im Hintergrund geht eine dunkelhutige Frau in einem gelben Kleid vorbei, die nahe ihrem Gesicht etwas in der Hand hlt.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einer engen Gasse neben einem Geschft und eine Katze beobachtet ihn.
Mehrere Mnner in Mnteln und Jacken auf einer Strae.
Ein Mann mit einer weien Kapuze hlt eine Katze.
Passanten gehen an einem Obdachlosen mit einer Decke und einer roten Kapuze auf einer eisigen Strae vorbei.
Ein Mann schiebt im Hinterhof eines Hauses einen Rasenmher.
Eine Frau geht mit einem Kinderwagen an der Vorderseite eines Gebudes vorbei.
Zwei ltere Mnner spielen Fuball mit vier Kindern, die versuchen, ein Tor zu erzielen.
Zwei Mnner trinken vor einem Zaun Bier.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in Gartensthlen.
Eine fast verlassene Strae mit einem gelben Schild neben einer weien Linie.
Mehrere Personen stehen am Bahnsteig einer U-Bahn.
Eine Frau in der U-Bahn liest aufmerksam Zeitung.
Ein Bild einer asiatischen Stadt mit vielen Menschen auf den Gehwegen.
Zwei Polizeibeamte reiten auf Pferden die Strae hinunter.
Ein Fahrradfahrer nhert sich der Unterseite einer Brcke zwischen Gebuden.
Eine Frau im dunklen Outfit trgt eine weie Tasche und geht die Strae entlang.
Er geht mit einem braunen Mantel.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrradin einem orange-schwarzen Pullover trgt ein Bndel langer Stcke.
Ein Mann im Anzug mit roter Krawatte spricht vor Publikum.
Ein junges Mdchen in einer blauen Jacke tritt in eine Pftze.
Ein Mann sitzt und telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Ein junger Mann in kurzer Hose steht unter einer Holzkonstruktion im seichten Wasser.
Mehrere Personen auf einer belebten Strae.
Eine Frau mit Kopftuch geht die Strae hinunter auf eine Einfahrt zu.
Zwei Fuballmannschaften treten auf einem Fuballfeld gegeneinander an.
An der Strae sind Kleinwagen abgestellt und entlang einem Gehweg sind mehrere Zelte aufgebaut.
Eine Frau berquert mit drei kleinen Kindern, die sich an den Hnden halten, den Gehweg.
Ein Mann und eine Frau inspizieren an einem groen Gewsser eine Angelrute.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid berquert die Strae.
Ein Klassenzimmer voller Kinder an blauen Tischen.
Mehrere Personen stehen im Freien in der Nhe einer Betonwand und eines Fensters.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und blauer Jeans sitzt an einer Strae und mchte mitgenommen werden. Im Hintergrund sind ein Feld mit Blumen und ein groer grner Baum zu sehen.
Eine Frau in Grn gibt einem Mann im Anzug die Hand.
Eine groe Menschenmenge steht steht hinter einem Podium auf den Stufen eines Kongressgebudes.
Nancy Pelosi hlt eine Rede.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen mit einem braunen Hund auf einer braunen Bank.
Ein Mann macht vor Zuschauern einen Salto.
Fnf Personen, ein Mann und vier Frauen, werden an einem sonnigen Tag von einem Maulesel in einem Wagen gezogen.
Eine Strae mti einer Metallbank, auf der eine Frau in Schwarz sitzt.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann steigt aus einem kleinen blauen Auto.
Mehrere Personen gehen, sitzen oder fahren Rad.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer weien Bluse spielt auf einer Geige.
Kinder in einem grnen Klassenzimmer heben ihre Hnde.
Eine Gruppe dunkelhutiger Kinder sitzt hinter roten Tischen in einem Klassenzimmer.
Ein Kastenwagen mit Flaggen, auf denen fr Schwimmer, Boogie Boards, Schirme, Sthle und Surfbretter geworben wird.
Mehrere Personen gehen im Winter eine belebte Strae hinunter.
Zwei Esel ziehen einen Wagen mit grnen Bschen und Personen.
Drei kleine Kinder in weien Shirts spielen bei einem Felsen.
Ein Kind fhrt mit seinem Power Wheels-Auto die Strae hinunter, gefolgt von seinem Vater.
Eine ltere Frau mit Jacke, Handschuhen und Sonnenbrille schiebt einen Korb auf einer geschftigen Strae.
Zwei ltere Frauene unterhalten sich.
Zwei Mnner mit Hut halten ihre Fahrrder fest.
An einer groen Kathedrale werden Bauarbeiten durchgefhrt.
Ein Mann spielt im Freien nahe einer Lampe, Palmen und einem groen Gebude vor drei Zuschauern Klavier.
Eine Polizeibeamter in einer Kirche in New York.
Drei Personen gehen in einer asiatischen Gemeinde die Strae entlang.
Junge Mnner spielen am Strand Rugby.
Mehrere Erwachsene und ein Hund sitzen auf weien Steinstufen nahe einem seichten Schwimmbecken.
Eine blonde Frau schaut zu Boden und im Hintergrund sitzen weitere Frauen.
Ein Mann mit Cowboyhut setzt sich und liest ein Buch.
Ein Mann in einer Biker-Lederjacke geht mit einem groen Rucksack den Gehweg entlang.
Ein Junge liegt an einem grasbewachsenen Hang und das Mdchen neben ihm liest.
Zwei brnette Frauen in eleganten, sexy Kleidern posieren fr ein Foto.
Eine blonde Frau in schwarzer Kleidung hlt eine Kamera und betrachtet etwas am Boden.
Ein weies Auto parkt neben einem Baum mit roter Rinde.
Ein Mann mit Hut hlt zwei Frisbees im Freien.
Ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten sich in einem Park.
Eine junge Asiatin betrachtet in einem weien Mantel den Bildschirm ihres Smartphones.
Zwei Kerle machen auf einer Matte Karate.
Eine brnette Frau in einer schwarzen Lederjacke auf einem Gehweg hlt eine lila Handtasche.
Ein Mann mit brauner Hose fhrt Rollerblades.
Ein Mann mit lockigem Haar und Bart geht durch eine Menschenmenge.
Willkommen an diesem wundervollen Ort und viel Spa.
Ein Mann in der Wste sitzt auf einem Pferd, das stark geschmckt ist.
Ein groes Lagerfeuer in der Dmmerung.
Zwei Damen gehen eine Strae entlang und tragen schwarze Damenunterwsche, grne Rcke und Strapse.
Ein Mann mit Helm beim Bergsteigen in einer verschneiten Gegend.
Eine rothaarige Frau und ein braunhaariger Mann mit Brille gehen gemeinsam spazieren.
Eine Menschenmenge vor einem wunderschnen Gebude mit einem Brunnen.
Drei kleine Jungen blicken in die Kamera, whrend einer von ihnen auf einer selbstgebastelten Trommel spielt.
Mehrere junge Frauen gehen in der Nhe blhender Kirschbume.
Mehrere junge Menschen, von denen zwei mit Handys telefonieren.
Zwei Gruppen bestehend aus Jungen gehen einem Ballsport nach.
Mehrere Personen mit Regenschirmen berqueren im Regen eine Strae.
Fnf Personen und eine rote Telefonzelle.
Drei Personen stehen an einer Wand neben einem weien Gebude.
Zwei Personen sitzen an einem kalten Wintertag im Park.
Ein Mann im Overall und mit Hut spielt im Freien auf einer Akustikgitarre.
Ein Vogel sitzt auf einer Telefonleitung.
Zwei Frauen joggen auf dem Gehweg vor einer Tankstelle.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Shirt sitzt alleine am Boden.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Mantel steigt aus einem kleinen roten Auto aus.
Mehrere Personen entspannen auf Betonstufen mit Gras, whrend andere vorbeigehen.
Drei Freunde im Park auf dem Gras.
Ein Straenknstler in einem weien Shirt und blauer Jeans zeichnet in einer Menschenmenge.
Das Baby ist mde von der Spazierfahrt mit seinen Eltern.
Eine blonde Frau mit hohen Abstzen geht an einem Friedhof vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd vor dem Bild eines Mannes, der sich mit seinen Hnden die Wangen zusammendrckt.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Schnorchel in einer Badewanne.
Ein Mann in Schwarz starrt auf den schattigen Gehweg hinunter.
Mehrere Menschen stehen unter einer Turmuhr mit Uhren auf zwei Seiten.
Ein Mann in einer grauen Jacke und einer schwarzen Strickmtze geht an einem grauen Garagentor vorbei.
Ein Mann greift in einem Bro scheinbar nach dem Getrnk einer Frau.
Eine Frau in einem lila Oberteil und Jeans unterhlt sich mit einer Frau bei einem Roller Derby.
Eine Person mit einer gelben Jacke trgt drei Orangen in einer Plastiktte.
Sie fttert eine Ziege mit Ziegenfutter.
Eine blonde Frau hat im Freien ihre Kopfhrer auf.
Ein Mann in einem weien Trenchcoat mit einer Tasche versucht, an einem Mnzfernsprecher zu telefonieren.
Jemand spielt Akkordeon auf einer Brcke.
Mehrere Personen und Kinder gehen einen Weg entlang.
Ein Mann in einheimischer Kleidung geht an einem Schuhgeschft vorbei.
Eine Frau in kurzer Hose und Oberteil versucht, in Kletterausrstung einen Felsen zu erklimmen.
Ein Mdchen trocknet sich auf einer Veranda am Strand mit einem Handtuch ab.
Eine Person vor einem Berg mit einigen interessanten Formen.
Eine Ziege betrachtet zwei Jungen vor ihrem Stall.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem GAP-Shirt sitzt auf einem blauen Traktor.
Eine Frau steht nachts in einer Trffnung neben Schienen.
Eine Frau in Schwarz geniet den khlen und erfrischenden Wasserfall.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem grauen Trikot und schwarzer Hose wirft einen Fuball.
Ein Mann betrachtet einen Fernseher in einem Restaurant.
Ein einsames Schild mit der Aufschrift Cafe Express ist jetzt voller Graffiti.
Ein Mann mit Hut in der Stadt schaut beim Gehen nach links.
Pendler gehen am Abend an Bussen an einer Strae vorbei.
Ein Mann befindet sich in seinem Boot und zwei andere Mnner paddeln im Wasser.
Ein Mann und eine Frau starren den Eingang zu einigen Katakomben an.
Zwei Mnner in weien Shirts und Helmen fahren Rad.
Ein Mann in schmutziger Kleidung schlft auf dem Gehweg.
Kinder in Kanus auf einem Fluss.
Vier Frauen auerhalb eines chinesischen Ladens.
Mehrere Radfahrer neben einem blau-grnen Bus.
Ein Mann und ein noch nicht ganz fertiges Haus.
Eine Frau in karierter Hose steht auf einer Skipiste und ist bereit fr die Abfahrt.
Ein Arzt beruhigt einen verletzten Sportler.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen essen und trinken in einer Kche.
Uniformierte Jungen warten vor einem Gebude.
Eine ltere Frau in einem Mantel wartet unten an der Strae.
Eine alte Frau mit einem Stock geht neben einem Auto.
Ein Mann schaut ber den Balkon eines modernen Gebudes.
Zwei Mdchen in grnen Pullovern posieren im Freien.
Mehrere Personen berqueren die Strae. Einige tragen groe schwarze und rote Fahnen.
Die alte Frau hat im Sitzen ihre Brille mit rosafarbenen Linsen auf.
Eine Gruppe Kinder in einem eingezunten Bereich sind blau angezogen.
Personen starren das Fahrgeschft an.
Ein Junge in einer blauen Jacke zeigt seiner Mutter, die ebenfalls eine Jacke anhat, etwas, als sie ber einen farbenfrohen Faschingsmarkt gehen.
Ein kleines Kind liegt auf einem Hartholzboden.
Eine Reihe roter Fahrrder, die an der Strae geparkt sind.
Ein Kind steckt seinen Kopf durch ein Loch in einer bemalten Wand.
Zwei Mnner fotografieren rosa Blumen, einer mit einer kleinen Digitalkamera und der andere mit einem greren Objektiv.
Eine heimelige Kleinstadt, die in der Weihnachtszeit herllich beleuchtet ist.
Eine Person mit einem roten Hut geht an einem verschneiten Tag auf einem Gehweg.
Ein lterer Mann spielt Saxophon.
Ein Mann mit kahlem Kopf und Bart posiert auf einem ausgedehnten Strand mit einer orangefarbenen Sandschaufel auf dem Kopf.
Ein Bauarbeiter blst Schutt vom Gehweg.
Ein wei gekleideter Mann hlt eine Dose, whrend er auf einem Ziegelpflasterweg geht.
Ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke spielt ein Rummelplatz-Spiel.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke geht neben einem Poster mit zwei grnen Figuren, die wie Mnner aussehen.
Der schwarz-braune Hund luft durch den Schnee.
Mehrere Mnner mit Blick nach unten am Straenrand.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Anzug geht nahe einer Reihe Autos auf die Kamera zu.
Das Armaturenbrett eines Autos mit einem braunen Hundespielzeug und einer rosafarbenen Puppe.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke sitzt auf einer grnen Parkbank und macht ein Nickerchen.
Ein Mann und ein kleiner blonder Junge spielen im Freien mit interaktiven Spielsachen aus Plastik.
Ein Mdchen singt und springt dabei in die Luft.
Ein angemaltes Prchen erregt die Aufmerksamkeit der an einem Obststand vor ihm stehenden Personen.
Ein US-Briefkasten voller Graffiti.
Mnner in Turbanen sehen zu, wie einer ein Kamel am Hals packt.
Ein junger Mann arbeitet hart am See.
Eine Frau mit einem gepunkteten Regenschirm geht durch den Schnee.
Drei Mnner auf einem Gehweg in einer Stadt.
Drei Arbeiter verlassen ihr gesichertes Gebude am Ende des Tages.
Eine Frau in einer rosafarbenen Bluse sitzt auf dem Stuhl.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Geldbrse geht auf die Strae, whrend ein Mann im Business-Anzug auf der linken Seite geht.
Ein Mann hlt eine Prsentation ab, whrend andere eine Diashow ansehen.
Der Kerl im dunklen Anzug auf dem Podium zeigt auf den Bildschirm mit der Powerpoint-Prsentation.
Eine Limousine fhrt in einer Gegen voller Graffiti eine Strae entlang.
Eine Nahaufnahme einer gehenden Frau, die ein schwarz-blaues Oberteil anhat und eine Sonnenbrille auf dem Kopf trgt.
Eine auf dem Gehweg stehende Frau mit den Hnden in den Taschen.
Mehrere Personen berqueren einen Stadtplatz.
Mehrere Erwachsene gehen in Europa einen mit Steinen gepflasterten Weg hinunter.
Eine Person mit Gepck und jemand mit einem Handy in der Stadt.
Eine alte Frau an einem kalten Tag vor einem Sportgeschft irgendwo in Brasilien.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille steht neben einem orangefarbenen Schild mit der Aufschrift RaodWork Ahead.
Ein Mann berquert mit einem Wagen die Strae in einer Stadt.
Drei kleine Jungen in Hoodies blicken in dieselbe Richtung.
Ein Mann auf der Strae wendet seinen Blick von einem Bettler ab.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack geht vor einem roten Ziegelsteingebude den Gehweg hinunter.
Eine Dame in einem weien Oberteil hlt beim Gehen etwas in ihren Hnden.
Vier Personen - drei Mnner und eine Frau  arbeiten an ihren Computern.
Ein Polizist mit einer Warnweste hlt ein Stoppzeichen.
Eine Frau in Schwarz trgt einen Behlter voller Essen.
Ein lteres Paar studiert eine Landkarte auf einer Parkbank.
Ein alter Mann in einem Mantel und mit Hut sitzt auf einer Parkbank.
Diese Frau sieht anderen von einer Bank aus beim Tennisspielen zu.
Ein Kiteboarder mit Helm und Schutzbrille fhrt ber eine verschneite Landschaft.
Zwei kleine Kinder sehen sich einen frischen Hummer im Lebensmittelgeschft an.
Ein Mann in Rot geht an einer Fensterwand vorbei.
Eine Frau in einem Zugabteil.
Ein Radfahrer wartet, bis der Verkehr ein berqueren der Strae zulsst.
Ein kleines Kind spielt auf einem staubigen Platz.
Eine Frau hlt ein gefrorenes Eis-am-Stiel und Schlssel in der rechten Hand.
Zwei Frauen schlendern durch eine Stadt.
Ein uniformierter Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl mit einem Gewehr an seiner Seite.
Eine alte Frau in Wei schneidet farbige Bltter.
Eine ltere Frau mit Stock mit einem Schild um den Hals.
Ein Mann malt auf dem Gehweg der Strae ein Bild.
Eine ltere Frau in einer gelben Jacke geht einen Gehweg entlang und hlt eine schwarze Tasche von Zales in der Hand.
Eine Frau sitzt neben einer Mlltonne.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters im Park liest Zeitung und trinkt einen Kaffee von Starbucks.
Ein alter Mann im Zug liest Zeitung.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke und mit Kopfhrern sitzt in einem Bus.
Ein Straenhndler mit dunklen Haaren und Brille sitzt auf einem Klappstuhl.
Mehrere gehende Personen und eine Kleinstadt.
Ein Mann schiebt einen von einem Fahrrad angetriebenen Wagen die Strae aus Ziegelsteinen entlang.
Drei mnnliche Studenten arbeiten in einem Labor und einer von ihnen sieht durch ein Mikroskop.
Mehrere Freunde gehen einen Gehweg entlang.
Drei Frauen blicken nach hinten in die Kamera, die sich auf dem Rcksitz eines Kastenwagens befindet, whrend der Fahrer die Strae entlangfhrt.
Eine rothaarige Frau in einem schwarzen Mantel vor einem Schild.
Ein lterer Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke und blauen Jeans sitzt auf einer Bank und schaut auf sein Handy.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch und liest eine Zeitschrift.
Ein junger Mann auf einer Party schreit auf und hebt erregt seine Fuste.
Zwei braune Hunde rangeln im Freien.
Ein alter Mann schneidet die Haare eines Kunden in seinem Friseursalon mit geblumten Wnden.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke lchelt, whrend er ein Fahrrad ber seinen Kopf hlt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd liegt auf Felsen in der Sonne.
Eine Frau spricht auf einer Versammlung in ein Mikrophon.
Viele Autos auf einer Strae und ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad.
Eine ltere Frau berquert vor einem groen grnen Gebude auf einem Fahrrad die Strae.
Eine attraktive junge Frau in der ffentlichkeit blickt zur Seite, um etwas abseits der Kamera zu betrachten.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen versammeln sich bei einer Sportveranstaltung.
Ein Karren mit einem Schirm steht zwischen zwei Mnnern.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke und mit Helm fhrt auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein jugendlicher Afroamerikaner fhrt auf einem grnen Fahrrad und weitere Personen betrachten Bilder auf einer Tafel.
Ein Auto bekommt einen Strafzettel wegen Falschparkens.
Eine indische Familie steht kncheltief in einem Gewsser.
Vier Musiker spielen Gitarre in einem Club.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Hut leht gegen irgendeine Wand.
Mehrere Personen gehen im Freien einige Stufen hinauf.
Ein Kind in einem schwarzen Mantel luft ber eine Brcke voller Graffiti.
Zwei Personen stehen in einem Blumengeschft.
Ein Mann geht mit elf Hunden gleichzeitig Gassi.
Ein Trio aus drei Mdchen in Partykleidung.
Eine sitzende Frau lacht neben einem Mann in einer blauen Jacke.
Kinder sitzen auf einem Felsen in der Wste.
Eine Gruppe Jungen in rmellosen weien Hemden, einer davon trinkt aus einem weien Becher.
Ein blondes und ein brnettes Mdchen gehen spazieren.
Drei Mnner arbeiten auf einem Dach, whrend ein Mann die Leiter erklimmt.
Ein kleiner Junge bearbeitet den Boden in seinem Hof.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut und einem Gewehr.
Eine glckliche Mutter scherzt mit ihrer Tochter und beide lachen ber das ganze Gesicht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in schwach gefrbter Kleidung tanzen.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters mit Lederjacke steht auf einem nebligen Parkplatz.
Auf diesem Bild suchen freiwillige Helfer mit ihrem Hund nach einem vermissten Mdchen, das zuletzt beim Spielen im Wald gesehen wurde.
Ein kleiner Junge mit nacktem Oberkrper sitzt auf einem Steinhaufen.
Eine ltere Frau, eine jngere Frau, ein kleiner Junge und ein schwarzer Hund gehen auf einem Waldweg spazieren.
Eine Frau und eine Junge genieen einen Waldspaziergang.
Eine Frau und ein Kind gehen im Wald spazieren.
Eine Frau geht im Wald an einem Minivan und Campern vorbei.
Spielende Kinder auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann in Kleidung aus der Zeit des Brgerkriegs hlt eine Muskete.
Ein Knstler mit einem Gingham-Schal arbeitet am Bild eines Turms.
Ein Mdchen mit einem rosafarbenen Hut sitzt auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau geht an einem Garagentor vorbei, vor dem das Parken verboten ist.
Eine Junge beim Skateboardfahren auf einem steilen Geflle.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und blauer Jeans richtet sich die Fliege.
Ein Mann in einer weien Robe.
Zwei groe Mnner in schwarzen T-Shirts, khakifarbenen Hosen, Stiefeln und Schmuck.
Ein Mann macht mit Schwert und Bogen Musik.
Der Mann im roten Hemd tut so, als ob er mit einem Regenschirm Geige spielt.
Eine Frau mit einer groen Geldbrse und Stiefeln in einer Halle mit Marmor.
Zwei Hunde in Shirts spielen im grnen Gras.
Zwei Radfahrer rasen eine Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf einer Bank.
Vier Personen gehen durch eine Stadt.
Mehrere Personen laufen whrend einer Art Marathon an blauen Schildern vorbei.
Eine gehende Frau in einem grauen Kleid.
Drei Mdchen gehen die Strae entlang, wobei die mittlere einen schwarzen Basketball auf den Boden tippt.
Ein Mann im orangefarbenen Gewand sitzt auf dem Beifahrersitz eines Motorrads.
Vier sehr warm angezogene Personen verlassen die Rolltreppe.
Mehrere Personen essen in einem vollen Caf zu Mittag.
Ein Kind in einem weien Hoodie luft auf einen Schwarm weier Vgel zu.
Ein Hndchen haltendes Paar geht eine Strae entlang.
Eine Frau in Schwarz mit einem roten Regenschirm geht auf einer Pflasterstrae auf eine Kathedrale zu.
Eine Frau schiebt einen Jungen in einem Wagen in der Nhe eines Gehwegs.
Ein Mann in blauer Jeans malt eine Wandmalerei auf einen hellblauen Hintergrund.
Mehrere Personen bei einer Freiluftveranstaltung.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Tisch und betrachtet den Bildschirm ihres Apple-Laptops.
Mehrere Frauen mit Regenschirmen gehen bei nassem Wetter eine Strae hinunter.
Eine Person in einem blauen Anorak liest auf einem Bahnsteig ein groes Schild.
Ein Wagen des Santa Cruz Fire Dept. vor einem Gap-Geschft.
Eine trauriger kleiner Junge sitzt an einem Tisch mit einer blauen Tischdecke und isst Schokoladeneis.
Mehrere Autos, Busse und Motorrder verstopfen eine Strae.
Vier Personen mit Rollern vor einem sehr groen Metalltor.
Eine Frau mit einem gelben Regenschirm im Regen.
Ein Mdchen in Stiefeln geht mit ihrem Rucksack unter einem Regenschirm im Regen.
Ein ttowierter Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und Hut trgt ein Skateboard.
Die Angestellten des Restaurants richten den Speiseraum fr ein Essen her.
Ein lterer Herr in Rot geht an einer ganz in Blau gekleideten Person vorbei.
Zwei Kinder  eines in einer roten Jacke und das andere in einer blauen  sitzen auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Ein Doktor arbeitet mit seinem Assistenten in einem Zelt.
Mehrere Doktoren stehen in einem Operationssaal um einen Patienten herum.
Eine Afroamerikanerin trgt gelbe Frchte auf dem Kopf und entfernt sich von einem Gebude.
Zwei Frauen  eine in einer blauen Bluse und eine in einer grnen  berqueren mit Hosen auf ihren Kpfen eine stark befahrene Strae.
Eine blonde Frau trgt eine Jacke mit einem Auge darauf.
Fugnger strmen eine Strae des Konsums, auf der auch Schilder von Burger King, McDonalds, Subway und Heineken zu sehen sind.
Ein Hund springt und fngt mit dem Maul einen blauen Ball.
Eine Frau in einem lila Bikini und einem rosa Oberteil trgt einen Schutzhelm.
Eine geschftige Strae mit vielen Fugngern.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Pullover und Jeans macht ein Foto von einem Kerl mit Bart, whrend in der Nhe eine andere Frau eine Textnachricht auf dem Handy tippt.
Eine Person sitzt auf einem Stuhl und hrt Musik.
Ein Fotograph mit Dreadlocks und Anzug macht Fotos von einer Gruppe kleiner Kinder, die am Boden sitzen.
Ein Hund rennt mit einem lila Spielzeug ber ein schneebedecktes Feld.
Ein Mann in einem T-Shirt spielt Schach.
Ein Mann trgt einen Mllbeutel mit seinem Stock.
Zwei Personen auf einem Fahrrad tragen groe Helme. Die hintere Person trgt lila Kleidung und steht auf Furasten hinten am Fahrrad.
Ein Mann in einer gelben Schutzweste und blauer Jeans telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Eine Frau vor einem Schild mit der Aufschrift Welcome to Aberdeen hlt eine gelbe Tasche.
Ein lterer Mann arbeitet an einem Rumfahrzeug.
Eine Frau mit einer Kamera, hinter der viele Menschen auf einem Gehweg ber das Wasser gehen.
Die Kinder des Skikurses hren dem Skilehrer zu.
Eine Frau geht mit einem Regenschirm eine Strae entlang.
Eine Frau streicht mit einer Farbwalze.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen im Freien. Die Frau trgt einen Pelzmantel und der Mann eine Krawatte.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad in Japan.
Ein kleines Baby in einer rosafarbenen Jacke mit einer Mtze und orangefarbener Hose luft.
Mehrere vornehm gekleidete, junge Erwachsene entspannen gemeinsam.
Ein Junge spielt in den Wellen, im Vordergrund ist eine Mwe zu sehen.
Ein ganz in Schwarz gekleideter Mann schaut auf seinen iPod und geht den Gehweg entlang.
Ein Mann liest Zeitung in einem Zug.
Zwei Mnner gehen in entgegengesetzter Richtung die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau posiert und im Hintergrund spielt ein Kind mit Seifenblasen.
Ein Mann steht in einem groen Raum an einem Fenster.
Eine Frau mit weiem Hut und blauem Umhang steht auf einer belebten Strae in der Nhe eines Einkaufswagens.
Eine junge Frau mit beigefarbener Hose geht mit dem Hund Gassi.
Unter einer Brcke fahren Autos und oben gehen Fugnger.
Eine kleines indisches Kind an einem Zaun hlt eine Puppe.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Pullover telefoniert und hat ein kleines Mdchen auf dem Scho.
Eine Frau in einem bermantel telefoniert, whrend sie vor einem Gebude steht.
Ein junges Prchen betrachtet unter einem Regenschrim im Regen eine Fassade.
Begleiten Sie mich auf eine Tasse Kaffee?
Drei Personen berqueren in einer Reihe eine Strae vor einem Delkatessengeschft.
Diese Person macht Eiswaffeln.
Mehrere gehende Personen in Mnteln und eine Person auf einem Fahrrad.
Sechs Freunde gehen eine Strae entlang.
Zwei Personen in Lila kssen sich neben einem rudimentren Zelt.
Mehrere Menschen unterhalten sich.
Zwei Mnner und ein Hund gehen auf einer Strae neben einem Feld.
Ein Bauarbeiter schiebt ein Gert entlang einer Schiene vor einer Baustelle.
Eine Person isst einen Teller Nudeln mit einem schwarz-braunen Hund auf seinem oder ihrem Scho.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Roller eine Kopfsteinpflasterstrae entlang.
Ein Mann und ein Junge sitzen mit berkreuzten Beinen auf dem Boden und inspizieren einen Grill.
Ein Mann geht an einer Nachfllstation fr Diesel vorbei.
Eine Frau in einer grnen Bluse steht auf der Strae und betrachtet die dunklen Wolken, die sich in der Ferne auftrmen.
Ein Mann auf der Strae zeichnet Portraits von Passanten.
Eine junge dunkelhutige Frau hlt ein Schild, auf dem sie in einer Menschenmenge kostenlose Umarmungen anbietet.
Ein Junge in einem roten Shirt und Jeans hat versucht, die Kettensge zu berhren.
Ein Mann springt mit seinem Fahrrad auf einem Parkplatz neben einem vierstckigen Gebude.
Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich auf dem Gehweg mit einer unbekannten Person.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Plastiknase und einem gestreiften Pullover hlt einen Glasball.
Zwei Frauen halten das Hinterteil eines nackten Mannes.
Ein Mann mit Brille in einem dunklen Mantel.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd uriniert im Freien an einen Baum.
Personen sitzen auf einer tiefer gelegenen Ebene des Gehwegs, whrend ber ihnen unter den Bumen eine andere Person vorbeigeht.
Ein alter Mann mit Brille hlt einen Stock.
Mehrere Personen sitzen beim Essen an einem Tisch.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau mit einer Flanneljacke und einer Papiertte in der Hand geht die Strae hinunter.
Eine Frau liest auf einer Bank in einem Park ein Buch.
Ein lterer Mann in einem blauen Hemd bereitet etwas zum Essen vor.
Ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke und mit Brille trgt einen Blumenstrau.
Ein Parkplatz, ber den ein Fahrradfaher fhrt.
Ein Mann steht mitten auf der Strae und telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Eine Frau hlt Pompoms in Grn und Gold in den Hnden.
Ein verwirrter Mann steht vor einer Maschine zur Fahrscheinkontrolle und starrt in die Ferne.
Ein Mann und sein Mdchen berqueren die Strae.
Eine Person mit einem blauen Helm und schwarzen Stiefeln reitet auf einem Pferd.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Bro und betrachtet den Bildschirm eines Computers.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Jacke und einem schwarz-wei gestreiften Rock beobachtet eine Frau, die sich mit einem kleinen Jungen unterhlt, der auf einer Betontreppe sitzt.
Einkufer auf einer belebten Strae.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Mantel und mit brunlichem Haar zieht einen korbartigen Wagen.
Eine Person reitet auf den Wellen des Ozeans.
Ein Mann wartet an einer Bushaltestelle mit einem rosafarbenen Leuchtturm und einem grnen Boot im Hintergrund.
Einem Hund wird im Freien Wasser ins Gesicht gespritzt.
Eine Mutter und ihre zwei Kinder vor einem alten, verfallenen Gebude.
Ein Hund trottet alleine ber ein Feld.
Ein junger Mann auf einem Sail Ski in einem Trockenanzug mitten in einem Gewsser.
Mehrere laufende Hunde, die an Schotter schnffeln.
Eine jngere Frau sitzt mit einem Hund in der Nhe eines Gewssers.
Ein junger Mann mit Sonnenbrille macht eine Arbeitspause.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Oberteil und einem Bleistiftrock geht an einem kahlkpfigen Mann in einem Nadelstreifenanzug vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Anzug geht die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover mit Rautenmuster und Jeans steht mit Ohrhrern mitten auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau mit einer gelben Geldbrse rennt ber eine befahrene Strae.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann steht an einer Straenecke nahe einer Fugngerampel.
Eine junge Frau in einem blauen Hollister-Shirt und blauer Jeans.
Drei Mnner mit Hten sitzen an einem Tisch und trinken etwas.
Eine Frau arbeitet geschftig am Telefon und am Computer.
Ein weies Fahrrad ist an einem Verkehrsschild festgebunden.
Ein Mdchen konzentriert sich auf ihren eReader.
Ein Mann sitzt auerhalb einer Stadt mit seinem Fahrrad auf einer Bank.
Eine Frau mit Regenschirm telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Shirt hebt etwas vom Boden auf, whrend sich eine Menschenmenge versammelt.
Ein sitzender Mann hlt eine Tasse.
Eine Frau sitzt neben ihrem Fahrrad auf der Strae.
Eine Frau in Schwarz und ein blauer Jeep.
Fnf Kinder spielen auf einem berfluteten (oder absichtlich unter Wasser gesetzten) Spielplatz.
Eine blonde Frau spielt Darts in einer Bar.
Eine ltere Frau mit Sonnenbrille durchsucht auf einem belebten Marktplatz ihre Geldbrse.
Eine Frau geht mit einer Axt ber eine Veranda.
Mehrere wei, blau und schwarz gekleidete Mnner marschieren im Freien mit einem gigantischen Kreuz.
Eine Hispanoamerikaner mit einem Rosenkranz wartet auf eine Taxi.
Eine als Barista arbeitende Frau in Schwarz bereitet in einem Coffee Shop einen Kaffee zu.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein dunkelhaariger Mann machen Fotos in entgegengesetzte Richtungen.
Ein Hund luft mit heraushngender Zunge ber ein Feld.
Eine langhaarige Frau lehnt an einer Steinbrstung und blickt auf das Meer.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem blauen Helm spielt mit einem gelben Spielzeuglastwagen.
Viele Personen gehen durch einen Tunnel.
Vier Personen erhalten in einem Pavillon Getrnke von zwei Mnnern.
Zwei Personen gehen auf einem gestreiften Weg.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem Quad durch den Schlamm und im Hintergrund sind mehrere Gebude zu sehen.
Ein Mdchen wirft einen Softball zu einem Teammitglied auf der Base.
Ein junger Mann mit einem lila Hut lacht mit einem Kaugummi im Mund.
Ein Mann und eine Frau bei einem Wegweiser.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters lsst sich von einem anderen Mann mittleren Alters mit Haaren den Kopf kahl rasieren.
Sie achten darauf, dass niemand ber die Absperrung klettert.
Ein ganz in Schwarz gekleideter Mann unterhlt sich mit einer Frau in einem hellblauen Kleid und mit einem weien Kopftuch.
Ein Mann in einem Karren wird von einem Esel gezogen.
Ein etwa zehn Jahre alter Junge strzt sich an einem heien Sommertag in einen kristallklaren Pool.
Zwei Mnner rudern im Stehen auf einem dnne Boot im Meer.
Zwei Personen gehen auf einer belebten Strae.
Ein Mann fhrt mit der U-Bahn in New York City und spielt Akkordeon.
Ein Mann betritt ein Gebude und ein andere Mann sitzt an einem kalten Tag auf der Strae.
Mehrere Personen bereiten sich auf ein Modellflugtreffen vor.
Eine hollndische Familie versammelt sich um ein aus Blumen gefertigtes Osterei.
Ein Mann serviert an einem Essensstand etwas zum Essen.
Ein weibliches Kleinkind in einem rosafarbenen Hemdchen spielt auf einem Spielplatz.
In einem Wald unterhalten sich ein Mann und eine Frau ber etwas.
Mnner in Soldatenuniformen schieen in die Luft.
Ein kleiner Hund kaut auf einem schwarzen Riemen.
Eine Frau in blauer Kleidung lchelt, whrend im Hintergrund Leute vorbeigehen.
Eine als die Meerjungfrau Ariel angezogene Frau neben einer Telefonzelle.
Zwei als Meerjungfrau und als Fee verkleidete Frauen verteilen Broschren.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einer Bank mit einem Ball darunter.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd geht Hand in Hand mit einer ebenfalls in Wei gekleideten Frau.
Ein Clown mit einem roten Spitzhut macht Ballonfiguren.
Eine Frau in einem rosafarbenen Pullover sitzt neben einem Mann in einer weien Windjacke vor einer mobilen Imbissbude.
Ein Mann mit Schal betet an einem groen See und einem kleinen Boot.
Eine als Meerjungfrau verkleidete Frau in einem lilafarbenen Muschel-BH blickt nach links.
Eine Frau schlft hinter der Theke eines Geschfts.
Drei Mnner sitzen nebeneinander und der Mann in der Mitte liest ein Buch.
Sechs Personen auf einer Klippe machen ein Foto.
Ein Mann in einem rosa-wei gestreiften Hemd hlt die Zgel eines Pferds.
Eine gehende Frau mit einer ShoeGasm-Tasche.
Ein Mann repariert mit Feuer und Teer ein Dach.
Zwei Personen ini Baseball Jerseys springen in die Luft.
Ein junger Mann fhrt auf einer mit Graffiti bemalten Flche mit dem Fahrrad.
Ein Jongleur sitzt alleine da und jongliert mit Bowlingkegeln.
Ein Junge in einem Kinderwagen mit einem blauen Hut und roten Fustlingen.
Mehrere Personen lehnen gegen ein Gelnder und blicken auf die Stadt.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Hemd singt und spielt dazu Gitarre.
Eine Frau spielt Gitarre.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer schwarzen Hose und einem blauen Shirt hat gerade einen Fuball getreten.
Eine Frau schaut in das Schaufenster einer franzsischen Bckerei.
Eine ltere Frau mit braunem Haar schiebt ihr Fahrrad durch ein Gartentor.
Der Mann mit dem schwarzen Hut spielt mit seinem Freund Charade.
Ein vollstndig in Schwarz gekleideter Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut giet ein Getrnk in eine Tasse.
Ein Prchen, das verliebt zu sein scheint.
Fnf Mnner in einem kleinen Motorboot, dahinter ein tropischer Urwald.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fahren in einem von einem Maultier gezogenen Wagen und der Fahrer weist sie auf Sehenswrdigkeiten hin.
Der Mann in der Mittte hebt seine Arme, als er und zwei Frauen die Plattform betrachten.
Ein Mann und zwei Frau sitzen auf einer Bank.
Ein Kind steht mit einer lteren Frau an der U-Bahn-Station in der 96. Strae.
Mehrere Personen rutschen eine riesige gelb-rote Rutsche hinunter.
Eine Frau mit Kopfhrern geht die Strae hinunter und ein mit seinem Handy telefonierender Mann geht hinter ihr.
Die drei Mdchen fhren eine Art von Tanz auf.
Ein Mdchen in einem rot karierten Hemd mit blauer Jeans macht eine Faust.
Ein Mdchen springt nachts auf die Strae und ein anderes Mdchen schaut zu.
Eine Person in einem blau-gelben Schneeanzug mit blauem Helm und Schneebrille bewegt sich ein schneebedecktes Geflle hinab.
Zwei Jungen stehen vor Warenautomaten.
Eine die Stirn runzelnde, ltere Person trgt eine Plastiktte.
Eine Frau und ein Mann sitzen auf einem Sofa in einem Geschft.
Eine rothaarige Frau sitzt mit berkreuzten Beinen auf einem Sofa.
Eine Gruppe Afrikaner entladen einen Lastwagen voller frischem Fisch.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut steht auf der Strae und hlt ein buntes Papier.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf dem Gehweg auf Instrumenten.
Eine langhaarige Frau mit einer Mtze, Jeans und gelber Bluse fhrt scheinbar einen nicht sichtbaren Hund an einer Ausziehleine Gassi.
Mehrere Asiaten essen Eiswaffeln.
Ein Mann in einer grauen Jacke spielt auf dem Gehweg Klavier.
Zwei Teenager starren ber einen Tisch.
Ein junges Prchen geht an einem heien Tag an einem Bach entlang.
Ein Mann in einem grauen T-Shirt und Jeans hpft in ein Wohnzimmer.
Ein Mann mit Irokesenhaarschnitt steht an der Straenecke und hat in einer Plastikwanne mehrere Teile von Holzmbeln.
Ein Mdchen im Bikini macht ein Foto von einigen Personen.
Mehrere Personen stehen am Bahnsteig Washington Wells und warten auf einen Zug.
Ein Sportler in Neongrn und Orange fhrt auf einem Snowboard ber ein kleines blaues Auto.
Zwei gehende Mnner und eine Frau mit einem Regenschirm mit weien Punkten.
Mehrere Bauarbeiter stehen auf einem Gerst.
Ein neugeborener Junge, an dem zahlreiche Schluche angebracht sind, liegt in einem Brutkasten.
Eine junge Person fhrt ein Kunststck auf einem Rad vor.
Ein Paar posiert mit Snowboards in der Mitte eines verschneiten Baumstamms.
Ein blauer Sattelzug mit zwei davorstehenden Mnnern.
Eine Frau mit einem Nasen-Piercing unter einem blauen Regenschirm.
Ein gehender Mann mit einem schwarzen Mantel.
Ein gelbes Auto fhrt auf einer Strae mit drei Fugngern auf einem Gehweg.
Ein Mann trgt viele Taschen voller Dosen, mglicherweise um sie als Schrott zu verkaufen.
Die Hand und der Arm einer Frau mit blauem Nagellack und einer Ttowierung.
Ein junges Mdchen mit angemaltem Gesicht und Zpfen sitzt auf einer Bank am Ufer.
Ein Mann mit Baseballmtze signiert Bcher fr ein paar Frauen.
Dieses Mdchen in einem roten Schneeanzug klettert auf einen Baum.
Nachdem sie in den Schnee gefallen ist, macht eine junge Frau eine Foto von ihren Freunden in der Ferne.
Ein Mann mit einer Gitarre auf dem Rcken steht an einer Strae.
Eine sehr groe Frau in einem sehr kurzen orangefarbenen Kleid schlendert einen leeren Gehweg entlang.
Ein Junge in sehr heller grner Hose.
Eine blonde Frau lacht die Frau neben ihr an, die eine weie, mit Fransen besetzte Jacke anhat.
Zwei Frauen laufen in Sportlerkleidung auf einer Laufbahn.
Ein ttowierter Mann reinigt einen Rinnstein mit einer Schaufel.
Eine Fugnger vor dem Heals-Store.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil und einem grnen Rock tanzt und wird dabei von einem Mann im Hintergrund beobachtet.
Ein kleines Mdchen hockt neben einem Gewsser und hlt einen Stock hinein.
Zwei Personen in Mnteln gehen neben einem Zaun.
Ein Mann wartet in einem vom Krieg gezeichneten Land auf den Bus.
Eine Person in einem braunen Pullover mit Kapuze und Jeans geht mit einem Rucksack die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau in der U-Bahn schaut aus dem Fenster.
Ein Mann und eine Fau liegen an einem sonnigen Tag vor der Skyline einer Stadt auf roten Metallbnken.
Eine junge Frau mit Kopftuch und ihrer Geldbrse in der Hand geht die Strae hinunter.
Ein Kunde in einer schwarzen Jacke betrachtet einige feine Ksesorten.
Ein Fuballspieler spielt den Ball.
Mehrere Personen sitzen bei einer Sportveranstaltung auf den Rngen und andere Personen stehen auf dem Spielfeld.
Ein Mann bereitet sich darauf vor, den Ball zu spielen.
Ein Mann mit Hut und Mantel telefoniert neben einem Gebude mit einem Schild in einer fremden Sprache.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Wagen mit einigen Schachteln darauf die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann geht mit seinem Sohn ber eine Strae.
Ein Mann und eine Frau umarmen sich auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau in einer Lederjacke ghnt, whrend sie neben einem kleinen Jungen den Gehweg entlanggeht.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Motorradfahrer geht ber einen Weg zu seinem Motorrad.
Ein Sportler in schwarzer kurzer Hose luft eine von Bumen gesumte Strae entlang.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt an einem Mann und seinem Sohn vorbei.
Ein alter Mann greift nach der Hand seiner Frau, nachdem beide die Strae berquert haben.
Eine Frau und ein Kind berqueren die Strae.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Kappe und Jacke sitzt vor einem Gebude auf einem blauen Seesack.
Eine ltere Frau umklammert ihre Geldbrse, whrend sie eine Vielzahl Kerzen bewundert.
Eine Frau in einem roten Pullover steht neben Kisten mit Ananas.
Ein lterer Mann in einem Anzug zieht sein Gepck hinter sich her.
Ein Mdchen mit einem blauen Schal und grner Bluse steht neben einem roten Fahrrad.
Zwei Mnner spielen in einer Band, einer spielt Gitarre, der andere spielt Keyboard.
Ein hagerer Skateboardfahrer springt auf seinem Skateboard ber einen Hydranten.
Mehrere Personen haben sich versammelt, um einem bestimmten Geschehnis zu gedenken.
Eine Menschenmenge vor einem hohen Gebude.
Ein Kind mit Hut und Jacke betrachtet Blumen.
Ein kurzhaariger Mann in einer blauen Jacke macht ein Foto von einer Menschenmenge vor einem groen beleuchteten Gebude.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar steht in der Nhe eines Autos.
Pass gut auf, wenn ich dir zeige, wie man ein Frisbee richtig wirft.
Drei Mnner spielen in einer Band auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann auf dem Gehweg zeigt Tricks fr eine Menschenmenge.
Ein Akrobatengruppe zeigt interessierten Zuschauern eine Demonstration ihres Knnens.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen sitzen in einer Htte und warten, bis sie an der Reihe sind.
Ein Mann zeigt einem Kind sein Fahrrad.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd sitzt vor einem Mikrophon und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd spielt Gitarre.
Mehrere Personen in farbenfrohen Kleidern und Hten treten in einem offenen Bereich auf.
Ein Mann im blauen Overall hngt ber eine Menschenmenge an einer Stange.
Eine Person mit einer roten Wollmtze sitzt auf einer Holzbank und blickt ber das Wasser.
Ein Paar und ihre Hunde bei einem Spaziergang im Park.
Ein Mann in Straenkleidung inklusive einem gestreiften Hoodie steht vor einer Fassade aus Glas und Ziegel und blickt auf etwas in seiner Hand.
Eine Brcke in einer wunderschnen Szenerie aus Gebuden und Wasser.
Ein Mann und sein Hund gehen an einem Gebude mit einem rostigen Maschendrahtzaun vorbei.
Ein Vater mit seinem Sohn auf den Schultern geht durch einen Park.
Ein lterer Mann verkauft an einem Zeitschriftenstand in Asien Zeitschriften.
Ein Mann singt in einer Kirche.
Ein Mann geht an einem sonnigen Tag ber eine Strae.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd dreht sich herum und nimmt etwas am Strand auf Video auf.
Eine Frau in einem lila Oberteil steht in einem Zimmer mit roten Wnden.
Eine Frau zeichnet eine Karikatur eines kleinen Jungen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Parkbank und blickt auf das Wasser.
Ein Mann in einem grau-blauen Mantel macht Blasen.
Die Frau mit den braunen Haaren und dem weien Mantel steht neben einem Schild mit der Aufschrift Shine Deli.
Ein Snowboardfahrer auf einer Bergspitze in einer hellgrnen Jacke.
Ein Mann und eine Frau betrachten im Central Park eine Landkarte.
Eine Dame trgt einen weinenden Jungen auf einem vollen Gehweg.
Drei Kinder in einer Reihe warten an einem Tisch auf etwas zum Essen.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Pullover rckt ihre Brille zurecht.
Ein Welpe ohne Schwanz wird vom Besitzer am Halsband gehalten.
Ein Maler legt letzte Hand an ein Bild.
Zwei kleine Jungen beim Lacrosse-Spielen laufen dem Ball hinterher.
Eine Frau fhrt gleich mit dem Fahrstuhl hinunter.
Eine Frau zeigt die Strae hinunter auf ihre Freundin vor dem Eingang einer U-Bahn-Station.
Vater und Sohn spielen mit einem Holzzug auf einem Spielteppich.
Ein Mann in einer roten Uniform steht vor Broad St. Station und telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein brtiger Mann mit Socken und Sandalen sitzt auf einer Bank.
Eine Frau schiebt eine Schubkarre und zwei andere Personen im Park sehen zu.
Ein Junge umarmt einen kleineren Jungen von hinten.
Eine ltere Person an einer Wand auf der Strae blickt nach unten un hat eine Tasse und ein Foto in der Hand.
Zwei kleine Lacrosse-Spieler hren den Anweisungen zu.
Ein Mann mit einer Gitarre spielt vor einer Gruppe Mdchen mit Hten.
Kostmierte Mdchen unterhalten sich mit Sicherheitspersonal.
Vier Mdchen in roten Uniformen bestehend aus roten Pullovern und roten Rcken gehen die Strae hinunter.
Mnner und Frauen in prchtigen Kostmen beim Tanzen.
Zwei Frauen mit Schals um ihre Kpfe joggen in einem Strandbad.
Eine Frau verkauft handgefertigte Hte.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd spielt auf einer roten Gitarre.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre, whrend ein anderer Mann fotografiert.
Ein groer Hund springt ber einen umgestrzten Baum im Wald.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern spielt und singt vor Publikum.
Zwei Mnner auf Rdern fahren an mehreren Gebuden vorbei, in denen medizinische Dienstleistungen angeboten werden.
Ein gelber Zug auf den Gleisen.
Zwei Frauen stehen im Freien und blicken mit einem komischen Gesichtsausdruck etwas an, das den anderen Personen um sie herum nicht aufzufallen scheint.
Jemand in einer orangefarbenen Jacke schiebt ein Rad und zeigt auf ein Gebude.
Drei Kinder lcheln vor einer Werbeanzeige in eine Kamera.
Ein Mann gibt einem kleinen Mdchen einen Kuss.
Auf diesem Foto ist ein junges Mdchen zu sehen, das ihren Vater voller Freude ansieht, weil er ihr etwas vorpfeift.
Eine Schlerin bekommt Hilfe bei ihren Hausaufgaben.
Eine Gruppe Kinder in Schwimmkleidung spielt in einem Springbrunnenbereich.
Ein Straenarbeiter beobachtet einen ankommenden Zementlaster.
Ein Surfer geht am Strand entlang und blickt auf das Wasser.
Ein ganz in blau gekleideter Mann fhrt alleine Kanu.
Fischer werfen von ihren Einbumen die Netze aus.
Drei Jungen mit aufgeblasenen Fahrradschluchen an einem staubigen Weg.
Ein Mann mit Hut steht hinter einer Straenwerbung fr Sonnenbrillen.
Zwei Personen und ein Baby waten durch einen Fluss.
Der Pitcher in einem Baseballspiel mit einem weien Trikot mit der Nummer 34 bereitet sich auf den Wurf vor.
Vier Frauen und ein Mann spielen Sternhalma.
Nur wenige Menschen genieen den Tag am Strand in der Nhe eines gelben Bulldozers.
Ein lchelndes kleines Mdchen wird von einem Erwachsenen hochgehoben.
Eine Frau in einer roten Jacke trinkt etwas auf der Motorhaube eines Autos.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera begafft eine Statue.
Mehrere Personen schaukeln auf einer Schaukel in einem Park vor mehreren Wohnhusern.
Ein junger Mann fhrt mit dem Skateboard mit zwei Freunden ber eine Rampe hinter einem Maschendrahtzaun.
Zwei Frauen gehen nachts Hand in Hand die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit Brille und Laborkittel.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf einer Picknickdecke auf einer grnen Wiese.
Ein blonder Mann in einer braunen Lederjacke hrt Musik.
Ein Baseballspieler rennt zu einer Base, whrend sein Teamkollege im Hintergrund zu einer anderen Base rutscht.
Ein Fnger beim Baseball wartet auf einen Wurf, whrend sein Team zusieht.
Ein Mdchen spritzt Wasser in einem vorbeifahrenden Pickup-Truck.
Drei Frauen stehen vor einem Gebude und reden mit einem Mann.
Eine Frau posiert an einem Baum vor einer Hgellandschaft.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und in der Nhe ist ein weier Hund.
Am The Cheap Tab Shop beginnt sich eine Schlange zu bilden.
Mehrere Frauen unterhalten sich und eine davon schnippt ihre Zigarette weg.
Ein Mann in einem karierten roten Hemd wirft seine Angel aus.
Kinder bauen Sandburgen am Strand.
Ein Afrikaner schaut an der Haltestelle Wall Street aus einer U-Bahn in New York.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen bei einem Parkplatz und telefonieren mit ihren Handys.
Eine chinesisch aussehende Frau mit Lchern in ihrer Jeans telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein Geschftsmann geht eine Strae hinunter.
Eine blonde Frau steht alleine in einer Gasse.
Eine junge Frau in Jeans geht in einer Stadt eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in Wei am Telefon und ein Mann in Schwarz sitzen Rcken an Rcken auf weien Sthlen.
Ein Mann im orangefarbenen Hemd schaut auf sein Handy.
Eine Frau verlsst einen U-Bahnhof und hrt dabei Musik.
Zwei Mnner steigen eine Treppe hinauf.
Zwei Mnner mit Schutzhelmen auf einer Baustelle.
Ein entlaufener Hund versucht, in einer Pizzeria etwas zum Fressen zu finden.
Eine Strae in einer Stadt mit einem Schlagloch in der Mitte.
Ein Mann in einem roten Pullover wartet an einem Essensstand an der Strae.
Ein Elektriker von oben bei der Arbeit an einem Transformator.
Alle diese Personen warten darauf, die Strae berqueren zu knnen.
Ein Mdchen tanzt im Park in der Mitte einer Gruppe von Menschen.
Drei Frauen gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein kleines Mchen in einer weien Jacke setzt sich auf den Gehweg.
Ein Bullterrier bearbeitet eine alten Reifen im Sand.
Ein etwa fnf Jahre alter Junge in schwarzer Kleidung am Strand.
Ein kleiner Junge lehnt gegen einen Pfosten mit einer gestreiften Flagge.
Ein Mdchen fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf einen Zebrastreifen an einer Kreuzung.
Ein schwarzer Hund jagt einen Ball im Gras.
Ein Zimmer mit Personen, die scheinbar an einem Projekt arbeiten, momentan aber essen und trinken.
Zwei junge Mnner arbeiten in einem Garten.
Ein Mann in einem weien Shirt liest neben einem Mann mit dunkler Sonnenbrille Zeitung.
Mehrere Personen stehen hinter einem Tisch mit Bananen in Gruppen zusammen.
Ein kleiner Junge springt vor einem Haus auf einem Trampolin.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Brcke unter einem Kran.
Ein Mann im Regenmantel steht in einem Trockendock neben einem Schiff.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Bart schiebt einen Einkaufswagen ber den Gehweg.
An einer Straenecke steht ein Mann in der Nhe eines Mllhaufens, der zum Recycling sortiert ist.
Eine Frau steht auf einem Gehweg und sieht auf ein Smartphone.
Eine junge Frau telefoniert mit ihrem Handy und sitzt dabei auf einer Zementtreppe.
Zwei Kinder in Brenkostmen sitzen auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau in einem langen schwarzen Ledermantel und kniehohen schwarzen Stiefeln mit einer Wickeltasche mit Blumendruck kauft eine Zeitung.
Eine blonde Frau trgt ein Tablett mit vier kleinen weien Tassen.
Zwei Damen mit blondem Haar und Jacken gehen an einem groen Gebude vorbei.
Mehrere Personen um einen runden Tisch herum stapeln Spielkarten.
Eine Person mit einem groen schwarzen Hut isst mit Essstbchen eine Schssel Nudeln.
Drei Personen stehen drauen an einem Verkaufsstand.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Boden neben einem Besen und einem Eimer.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einer Daunenjacke hat die Arme ausgebreitet und hlt einen rosa Kamm in der Hand.
Ein teres Paar geht in den Abendstunden am Huserblock entlang.
Eine Frau in einer braunen Jacke steht im Freien und schaut nach oben.
Eine Frau in einer trkis und braun karierten Jacke steht auf der Strae.
Einem Jungen in einem blauen Shirt sind die Augen verbunden und er hlt einen Stock.
Ein lterer kahlkpfiger Mann mit Bart im hellen Hemd sitzt auf der Strae und raucht.
Ein Mann geht auf der Strae durch eine Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke geht am Nachmittag in das Le Mignon.
Eine komplett in schwarz gekleidete Frau geht nachts in eine U-Bahnstation.
Ein Mann zeigt bei einer Konferenz auf das projezierte Bild einer Firefox-Seite.
Drei Mnner streichen eine Metallwand wei.
Mehrere Mnner sitzen an einem Holztisch auf der rechten Straenseite.
Ein Mdchen rckt auf einem stark frequentierten, breiten Gehweg ihren Ohrring zurecht.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann sitzt auf seinem Stuhl und blickt in die Ferne.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd probt sitzend auf einem Musikinstrument.
Ein blondes Mdchen telefoniert im Gehen mit dem Handy und umklammert eine rosafarbene Brieftasche.
Eine Gruppe Menschen auf der Strae.
Ein Knstler in einem grauen T-Shirt schnitzt an seiner weien Skulptur in Schlangenform.
Eine Frau in Jeans geht die Strae entlang.
Vier Musiker machen auf dem Gehweg Musik.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd geht auf einem Pfad.
Mehrere Personen mit trkisen und weien Regenschirmen sitzen an Tischen mit Blick auf den Ozean und den Strand.
Ein Mann auf einem staubigen Boot hlt eine Angel in den Hnden.
Drei Frauen gehen im Freien auf die Kamera zu und eine von ihnen schiebt einen Kinderwagen.
Eine Touristin ist verrgert ber ihren Mann, der sich nicht entscheiden kann.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Mantel steckt Kleidungsstcke in eine Waschmaschine in einem Waschsalon.
Der Mann ist gerade von seinem Fahrrad gefallen.
Ein Asiate in Jeans und einem Hemd mit Knpfen und weiem Kragen liegt auf einer Parkbank und hlt eine helle Jacke in der Hand.
Rush Hour mitten in der Stadt am frhen Morgen.
Eine Turnerin widersetzt sich der Schwerkraft, als sie auf dem Barren eine beeindruckende bung vorfhrt.
Ein kleines Kind trgt ein blau gestreiftes Shirt.
Ein Fuballspieler versucht, den Ball am Torwart vorbei ins Tor zu kpfen.
Ein groes, modernes, hell beleuchtetes Theater in der Nacht.
Eine junge Dame posiert voller Stolz fr einen Werbespot.
Ein Kleinkind steht im Garten und lchelt in die Kamera.
Gebude und Personen, die am Times Square in New York City durch die Straen strmen.
Ein alter Mann stellt in seiner Werkstatt etwas her.
Zwei ltere Personen in braunen Mnteln stehen im Freien und unterhalten sich.
Die Crew hat die Stufen von Eis und Schnee befreit.
Asiatische Touristen machen vor einem groen Baum Halt und bewundern seine Wurzeln.
Drei ltere Mnner in einem Computergeschft.
Ein Mann in einem blau-roten Outfit springt ber eine kleine Welle.
Ein alter Mann verwendet eine provisorisch reparierte Schubkarre, um Arbeitswerkzeuge zu transportieren.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Gebude, whrend andere Personen ihrem Alltag nachgehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen geniet eine Ditcola im Garten.
Ski in der Luft nach einem kleinen Sprung auf der Piste.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einer stehenden Frau.
Ein Mann in gelber Hose holt tief Luft, whrend er mit dem Snowboard einen einsamen Berg hinabfhrt.
Mehrere Fugnger auf dem Gehweg, whrend ein Mann nach etwas sucht.
Ein Kuchen mit fnf normalen Kernen und einer groen, Funken sprhenden Kerze steht auf einem Tisch vor zwei Mnnern.
Ein beschdigtes Auto ist gegenber von den Insassen eines grauen Autos abgestellt.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Felsvorsprung, whrend eine ein Foto macht und die dritte nach unten sieht.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters posiert mit einer Krabbe.
Ein Junge verwendet einen Baseballschlger aus Plastik, um das Schlagen des Balls zu ben.
Ein Mann, an dem mehrere Metallobjekte haften.
Eine Crew filmt auf der Strae eine Szene fr einen Film oder eine Fernsehshow.
Ein Protestant in einem USA-Shirt hlt bei einer Protestveranstaltung ein Schild.
Zwei Mnner hocken am Boden und sehen vier Hunden in einem Kfig beim Spielen zu.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Waschsalon und liest.
Eine Gruppe Kinder sitzt an einem Tisch und bemalt Bltter mit Farbstiften.
Eine Band in einem Aufnahmestudio wartet darauf, mit dem Spielen anzufangen.
Ein Mann in Feuerwehrkleidung setzt sich.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Gewand hlt einen Stift.
Protestanten mit politischen Zeichen versammeln sich um eine Musikveranstaltung.
Ein lchelnder Mann hlt ein Schild, auf dem ein Elephant in den Farben des Regenbogens zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann posiert mit einem Poster mit der Aufschrift November can't come soon enough.
Ein Mitarbeiter einer Tierhandlung zeigt einem Kunden mit nacktem Oberkrper die verschiedenen erhltlichen Fische.
Eine Frau geht einen Gehweg entlang, der von blhenden Kirschbumen gesumt ist.
Zwei Kinder schwingen im Stehen auf einer Schaukel.
Ein brauner Hund springt in einen steinigen Bach.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Geschft im Schatten.
Viele Mnner mit nackten Oberkrpern und schwarzen Hauben ber dem Gesicht gehen barfu in einer langen Reihe.
Eine barfige junge Frau in einer Hngematte lacht.
Ein Mann beugt sich betend ber einen stark verzierten Sarg in einer Kathedrale.
Menschen gehen in der Stadt ihrem Alltag nach.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Hose und einem grnen Polohemd sammelt um seinen selbst angelegten See herum Mll ein.
Eine Frau in einer Stadt blickt hinter sich.
Eine junge Frau in Jeans und einem grauen Pullover geht ber eine leere Strae.
Junge Mdchen fhren eine Art von Tanz auf.
Eine Frau in einer Schrze steht vor einem Geschft und spricht mit einem Fahrradfahrer.
Die Kinder in Blau singen fr eine Gruppe von Zuhrern.
Ein Mnch in einer roten Robe hlt einen Regenschirm auerhalb eines Tempels.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke spricht mit einer Frau in einem schwarzen Rock.
Ein junger Mann in einem weien Hemd mit Knpfen fhrt auf einem blauen Fahrrad.
Baseballprofis beim Aufwrmen.
Eine braunhaarige Frau schlft auf einem Sofa mit dem Kopf auf einem Berg Kissen.
Eine Frau geht nachts eine Strae entlang.
Ein groer Hund spielt mit einem kleinen Hund im Dreck.
Zwei Kinder halten Friedenszeichen hoch und lcheln.
Ein Mann in neongrner Kleidung schiebt einen grnen Karren die Strae entlang.
Eine junge Frau sitzt auf dem Gehweg und skizziert ein Gebude.
Ein Spieler der New York Mets auf einer grnen Wiese.
Eine asiatische Frau steht mit ihren Taschen an einer Strae und es sind bereits zwei Busse vorbeigefahren.
Ein Entfesselungsknstler hpft vor den Zuschauern auf einem Bein herum.
Eine Frau geht die Strae hinunter und trgt dabei eine groe Tasche auf ihrem Kopf.
Ein Jogger auf einem Pfad in einem herrlichen Park umgeben von frhlingshaften Bumen.
Ein Lufer katapultiert sich fr ein Rennen aus dem Startblock.
Ein Mann in Braun schiebt einen Mllcontainer auf einem Gehweg.
Eine Frau bleibt stehen, um sich Hochzeitskleider anzusehen.
Vier Personen springen auf einer Sanddne an einem sonnigen Tag.
Eine Menschenmenge geht vorbei und mehrere Schaulustige schauen einem Straenknstler zu.
Personen gehen durch eine Lobby mit Reflektionen des Tageslichts und Schatten.
Zwei Frauen gehen mit Regenschirmen eine Strae entlant.
Eine Statue und Bume auf einem Platz vor einem Gebude mit vorbeigehenden Personen.
Ein Mann in einer groen Menschenmenge unterhlt sich mit Freunden.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Geschftskleidung berquert die Strae.
Eine Gruppe Menschen wartet in einer U-Bahnstation.
Zwei Freuen  eine in Rot und die andere in Wei  beim gemeinsamen Joggen.
Frauen in exotischen Kleidern auf der Strae.
Eine Frau mit roten Blumen steht am Eingang eines Gebudes.
Zwei Ballett-Paare tanzen im Freien.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann telefoniert mit seinem Handy und hlt eine altmodische Kamera in der Hand.
Der Surfer reitet auf einer Welle zurck zum Strand.
Ein Mann trgt einen Sack an einem Gewsser.
Ein junger Mann springt ins Wasser.
Zwei Sonnenanbeterinnen liegen in knappen blauen Badeanzgen auf dem mit Graffiti bedeckten Brgersteig.
Ein junger Mann fhrt mit dem Skateboard die Seite einer Skaterbahn hinauf.
Ein Mann in einem goldfarbenen Dashiki sitzt und ein anderer Mann inspiziert seinen Schuh.
Ein Mann fhrt bei Sonnenuntergang auf seinem Fahrrad.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse, kurzen Shorts und einem Filzhut entfernt sich von der Kamera.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd deckt ein Dach neu.
Ein Asiate in traditioneller Kleidung blst in einer schnen Berglandschaft in ein groes Horn.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut steht in einem Best Buy-Geschft.
Ein Junge geniet seine Pizza von einem Teller.
Ein Mann geht an einem schwarzen Eisenzaun entlang.
Ein gehender Mann mittleren Alters mit Brille und einem grauen Anzug bedeckt seinen Mund und im Hintergrund fahren Autos.
Ein lterer Mann schaut beim berqueren einer Strae in seine Zeitung.
Zwei Mnner lassen ihre Hunde auf der Strae miteinander spielen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und schwarzer Hose am Strand.
Zwei Mnner mit Schaufeln stehen zwischen Dreck und Bumen.
Ein Mann spielt Xylophon.
Eine Straenszene mit vielen Autos und Personen, die in verschiedene Richtungen gehen.
Eine Turnerin in Rot und Schwarz posiert vor Zuschauern im Hintergrund.
Eine lila gekleidete Frau mit einer Tasche kommt aus einer Tr.
Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich vor einer alten Struktur.
Schwarz gekleidete Mnner bilden einen Kreis, halten Federhte in den Hnden und stehen hinter einem roten Schild.
Warten auf die U-Bahn nach einem langen Arbeitstag.
Eine Person sitzt auf einem Hgel mit Bumen im Vordergrund und malt ein beruhigendes Bild eines Sees.
Zwei Mnner halten ein Schild vor einem Metallzaun.
Ein Fahrradfahrer repariert ein Fahrrad, das umgedreht auf dem Gehweg steht.
Ein Filmset mit zwei Personen, die an einem Tisch sitzen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug berquert eine stark befahrene Strae.
Eine Frau spielt Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrophon.
Zwei Frauen in engen Jeans gehen eine Strae entlang und eine davon trgt eine Einkaufstasche.
Eine Dame, die irgendwelche Schuhe anhat, geht spazieren.
Zwei Japanerinnen in traditionellen Gewndern gehen ber einen belebten Platz, eine mit Taschen und die andere mit einem Stock.
Ein Autofahrer fhrt vorbei und mehrere Personen sitzen auf einer Bank.
Die Dame in der gelben Jacke und mit dem blauen Hut scheint etwas zu betrachten.
Drei Erwachsene und drei Kinder stehen bzw. hocken um ein lilafarbenes Kinderrad herum.
Ein Junge in einem gelben Fuballtrikot steht auf einem Fuballplatz.
Ein Junge sitzt am Wasser und versucht, einen Schwan zu fttern.
Mehrere Personen in traditionellen japanischen Gewndern gehen in einer Prozession ber einen Innenhof mit Pflastersteinen.
Zwei Frauen in Kimonos stehen lchelnd beisammen.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Jacke und einer schwarzen Geldbrse geht auf dem Gehweg und schaut dabei auf ihr Smartphone.
Orange-wei gestreifte Warnkegel stehen auf Straenplatten.
Ein kostmierter Mann inmitten von Pferden blickt hoch zum Himmel.
Eine Frau wscht ihren Minivan in einer Waschanlage.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille, Jeans und schwarzer Lederjacke springt in die Hhe und streckt dabei seine Arme und Beine von sich.
Zahlreiche Fugnger entlang einer geschftigen Strae.
Eine Frau und ihr Bernhardiner sitzen an einem sonnigen Tag auf einer Bank im Park.
Ein Mann in Renaissance-Mode sitzt auf einer Backsteinwand.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd verkauft eine Bratwurst fr einen Euro an eine alten Mann in einem blauen Hemd.
Ein Mdchen in einem hellroten Shirt mit Ohrhrern.
Ein Mann mit einer Baseballmtze spricht mit einer Dame, die ihre Hnde vor der Brust gefaltet hat.
Ein Mann in einem Eisbrkostm protestiert mit einem Schild.
Ein Mann und eine Frau springen auf einem ffentlichen Platz und greifen nacheinander.
Eine Frau in einer dunklen Bluse steht alleine vor einem gelben Auto.
Zwei Frauen und ein kleines Mdchen sitzen in einem braunen Lederstuhl.
Mehrere junge Leute spielen Schlagzeug vor Zuschauern.
Ein flauschiger Hund trgt eine schwarze Leine im Maul.
Ein Mann in einer weien kurzen Hose fhrt mit einem Wasserfahrzeug.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke steht zwischen zwei Bumen und hlt ein Schild hoch.
Ein junger Mann in einem Geschft verkauft Wrstchen und Wein.
Vier Frauen mit ihren Taschen ber ihren Schultern gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Sims und liest Zeitung.
Eine blonde Frau mit kurzen Haaren schneidet jemandem Donnerstagnacht die Haare.
Eine grauhaarige Frau sitzt mit einem Stock auf einer roten Bank.
Eine groe Gruppe lterer Menschen sitzt im Freien an verschiedenen Tischen.
Zwei ltere Herren in schwarzen kurzen Hosen gehen am Strand entlang.
Zwei Asiatinnen posieren fr ein Foto, whrend ein Mann scheinbar ihre Taschen trgt.
Cheerleader und Sportler posieren mit dem Maskottchen fr ein Foto.
Drei Kinder in weien und schwarzen Ballettkleidern tanzen in einer Turnhalle.
Eine brnette Frau mit einer braunen Jacke greift in ihre Geldbrse.
Eine junge Frau in einem weien Kleid und mit einer Blume im Haar lchelt in die Kamera.
Eine Frau und ein Mann sitzen im Freien.
Mehrere Personen lauschen einem Mann an einem Stand mit der Aufschrift Teva Neuroscience.
Eine groe Anzahl an Menschen kommt zusammen, um kostenlos Rat und Informationen einzuholen.
Ein Mdchen in einer roten Bluse und zerrissener Jeans blickt nach vorne und fhrt sich mit den Fingern durch das blonde Haar.
Eine dunkel gekleidete Frau schiebt jemanden in einem Rollstuhl.
Eine Menschenmenge  einige mit Schildern  marschiert auf einem breiten Weg in einem Stadtpark.
Ein alter Mann in einem blauen Hemd sitzt in einem Rollstuhl neben seiner Sauerstoffflasche.
Mehrere Personen auf Klappsthlen und in Rollsthlen sitzen drauen in der Sonne.
Zwei Frauen in Sari arbeiten zusammen in einem Dorf.
Selena Gomez trgt ein cremefarbenes Top und blickt auf die Stadt, nachdem sie aus dem Flugzeug ausgestiegen ist.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Fahrgeschft in einem Vergngungspark.
Ein Mann in einem Kragenhemd spricht mit einem anderen Mann mit Sonnenbrille.
Ein sitzender Mann im weien Hemd hrt Musik.
Eine Frau in einer roten Bluse und Jeans streitet scheinbar mit einem rot gekleideten Mann mit einem groen Ranzen.
Zwei junge Asiatinnen kaufen in einem japanischen Restaurant etwas zum Essen.
Eine Frau in eine rosa Bluse macht ein Foto von einem Fisch in einem groen Aquarium.
Ein Mann mit ber den Kopf gezogenem Shirt steht auf einer Stange.
Der Kunde hielt die Tasche, whrend er die Orangen in Augenschein nahm. Whrenddessen begutachteten andere Marktbesucher die Erzeugnisse an anderen Tischen.
Ein Kind ffnet auf einer Feier eine Geburtstagskarte.
Drei junge Frauen lehnen an einem Gelnder.
Ein Mann auf einem Gemsemarkt zeigt auf etwas.
Ein Mann mit langen roten Haaren, einem braunen Hemd und karierter Hose verkauft auf einem Markt Obst.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Fahrrdern in einem Park.
Ein Mann in einem schwarz-wei gestreiften Hemd berquert zusammen mit anderen Personen die Strae.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Bauernhof zwischen Eseln.
Eine schwarzhaarige Frau hinter einem Podium hlt eine Rede vor einem groen Publikum.
Ein Mann liest die Speisekarte in einem Restaurant.
Mehrere Personen auf verschiedenen Balkonen des Wohnhauses interagieren miteinander und mit Personen auf der Strae.
Zwei Frauen essen in einem Restaurant.
Musiker treten in einem seltsamen Gebude vor einer kleinen Zuhrerschar auf.
Ein Sanitter betrachtet einen Feuerwehrwagen.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau stehen vor einem Theater.
Eine Frau in einem Geschft macht eine Sandwich.
Eine Menschenmenge sieht nach oben zu zwei Personen, die auf zwei Balkonen eines Gebudes stehen.
Mehrere Personen auf der Strae in der Nacht.
Eine Menschenmenge, die sich nachts vor einem Ziegelgebude zusammengefunden hat.
Bereitschaftspolizisten stehen vor einem Mob, inklusive einem Mann in einem Batman-Kostm.
Ein Mann steht in einer Trffnung und vor einem Baum.
Ein Mann steht alleine in einem Park.
Eine Feuerleiter an der Seite eines Gebudes dominiert die Szenerie einer Gasse.
Zwei Feuerwehrmnner lachen ber etwas.
Feuerwehrmnner in voller Montur erklimmen eine Leiter.
Eine ltere Frau spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mann mit Hut und strahlendem Gesicht steht mitten in einem Kreis aus Personen.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf ihren Instrumenten und ein dritter singt.
Ein junger Mann mit Bart in einem T-Shirt und Jeans liest ein Buch in einem Straencaf.
Der Mann in Wei spricht mit der Frau bei der Bank.
Die Silhouetten von vier Personen, die etwas einen Hgel hinauftragen.
Ein Mann in einer Lederjacke und mit Hut blickt in die Ferne.
Ein wundervoller Abend mit Fluss und Sonnenuntergang.
Eine Frau steht an einer Straenecke.
Eine Frau arbeitet in einer Bar vor einer Leuchtreklame.
Drei jngere Frauen sitzen im Freien und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd bedient einen Geldautomaten in einem Zimmer mit einem Bild von Fidel Castro an der Wand.
Eine junge Frau in einem Pullover der Carnegie Mellon University hat ihre Kopfhrer auf.
Ein bergewichtiger Mann in einem blau-schwarzen Kapuzenpullover arbeitet im Freien an einem Laptop.
Ein Mann zieht einen Wagen mit zwei Geishas an Bord.
Zwei Mnner  ein junger und einer mittleren Alters  arbeiten mit einem Schraubendreher an einem kleinen Computer.
Eine Polizistin verwendet ein Fahrrad, um ihren Aufgaben nachkommen zu knnen.
Ein schlafendes Kind mit Teddybr und Decke.
Ein mit nur einem Handtuch bekleidetes Mdchen liegt in einer Sauna und sieht entspannt aus.
Mehrere Frauen in weien T-Shirts und mit rosafarbenen Kurzhaarpercken stehen auerhalb einer Stadt.
Eine Braut und ein Mann im Smoking auf Stufen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Langarmhemd scheint vor einem blauen Schild zu tanzen, auf dem Informationen zu bestimmten Orten stehen.
Ein dreistckiges Gebude, auf dessen Balkonen in jedem Stockwerk Leute stehen, whend andere Personen von unten hinaufschauen.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke, der von gebeugten oder hockenden Personen umgeben ist, hebt seinen Arm.
Eine Frau in einem langen Kleid hngt Kleider auf eine Wschleine.
Eine Haufen gestapelter Mbel.
Ein einsamer Wanderer auf einem Feldweg mit verschneiten Bergen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit wahnsinnigem Blick und einem Filzhut lsst seine Gitarre begutachten.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Lederjacke leuchtet sich mit einer Taschenlampe selbst an.
Ein Mann interagiert in einem Einkaufszentrum mit seiner Tochter.
Ein Mann in Jeans und mit einem schwarzen Pullover telefoniert aufgeregt mit seinem Smartphone.
Ein gehendes Mdchen mit einer Bluse mit Knpfen und blonden und pinken Haaren.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in einem vollen Bus.
Eine kleine Gruppe Menschen steht sich unterhaltend vor einem Geschft und hlt ein lila Schild mit der Aufschrift Prayer Booth hoch.
Fugnger eilen auf einem Gehweg dahin, die meisten davon in Geschftskleidung.
Zwei wie Clowns geschminkte Mnner, einer singt und der andere spielt auf einer winzigen Gitarre.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit leuchtend rosa Hose steckt ihren Kopf in eine Vorrichtung auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein junges Mdchen in pinkfarbener Bluse, blauer Jeans und Turnschuhen spricht in ein Objekt im Park.
Eine Familie beim Essen und Fernsehen.
Eine Frau in einem gelben Mantel und ein Mann mit Rucksack drngen sich sehr eng zusammen.
Schler in einer Klasse schreiben eine Prfung.
Eine Frau in einem rosa-gelben Kleid geht an einem Stapel Reifen und einem gelb und grau gestreiften Gebude vorbei.
Eine Frau und eine Mann mit Stock gehen die Treppen einer U-Bahnstation hinauf.
Ein Mann lehnt gegen einen Mnzfernsprecher und liest eine Zeitung.
Ein Hndler geht die Strae hinunter und verkauft Zuckerwatte.
Drei Kerle gehen den Gehweg entlang und der vordere jongliert.
Ein Mann verkauft auf der Strae Aufkleber.
Ein Mann und eine Frau auf der Bhne mit einem Pantomimen.
Ein Mdchen in einer schwarzen Jacke telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein kleiner Junge macht ein Foto mit einer Digitalkamera.
Eine Schlange wartet vor dem Kino.
Ein Mann in Schwarz mit kurzer Hose und Sonnenbrille springt von einem Fels zum anderen.
Ein hbsches blondes Mdchen schneidet eine furchtbare Grimasse.
Zwei Schaufensterpuppen im Fenster eines geschlossenen Geschfts.
Diese Frau und der Mann unterhalten sich.
Eine blonde Frau in einem blauen Shirt geht die Strae hinunter und hat ihr Smartphone in der Hand.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich an einem Aussichtspunkt in den Bergen.
Ein Mann steht bei zwei Fahrzeugen und drei aufblasbare Schlger im Design der amerikanischen Flagge sind dreiecksfrmig gegen ihn gelehnt.
Ein Mann geht die Strae entlang und verkauft Blumen, Zigaretten und Sigkeiten.
Zwei Skistiefel auf zwei sehr schnell dahingleitenden Skiern.
Ein Mann reitet auf einem Pferd und fhrt weitere Pferde durch eine wundervolle Kulisse.
Mehrere gesattelte Pferde gehen in einer Reihe die Strae entlang und einem Auto mit offener Motorhaube und Kofferraumklappe vorbei.
Eine rote Straenbahn auf der Strae.
Zwei Personen vor einem vietnamesischen Restaurant, das mit Graffiti beschmiert ist.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen Hand in Hand an einem Sportposter vorbei.
Ein junger Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt geht an einer Gasse vorbei und telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Ein Mann liest eine Zeitung in der Nhe einer belegten Strae mit Fugngern.
Ein Mann mit einer Einkaufstasche hlt sich die Hand an seinen Kopf und blickt nach oben.
Sechs Personen stehen am Gelnder beim El Tambor.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid mit Blumen darauf und schwarzen Stiefeln auf dem Gehweg.
Schler verbringen ihre Pausen im Freien und genieen die Gesellschaft der anderen.
Eine Frau und ein Mdchen sitzen unter einem Baum.
Zwei Frauen mit Hten gehen die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann streckt sich in einer Outdoor-Trainingseinrichtung.
Ein Mann reitet auf einem Surfbrett auf einer Welle.
Zwei Skifahrer an einem verschneiten Hang.
Ein Herr in einer grnen Jacke betrachtet eine beschmierte Wand.
Ein junger Mann hlt eine Mikrophon in der Hand und um ihn herum ist alles farbig erleuchtet.
Ein Mann fotografiert eine groe Betonwand.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in einem Vergngungspark.
Ein Mann schleudert eine Speer.
Ein Mann in einem brauen Kragenhemd in einem Park blickt in die Ferne.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau geht zur Arbeit.
Ein kleiner Junge steht auf der Strae mit einem Beutel um seinen Hals.
Mnner in der Nhe eines Strands unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jeans und einem weien T-Shirt spielt Saxophon.
Arbeiter unter einer Autobahn bei Straenarbeiten.
Eine Frau in Gelb steht in einer Htte, die noch nicht ganz fertig ist.
Ein Junge blickt in die Kamera und im Hintergrund wird ein Haus gebaut.
Ein lchelnde Frau hlt in einer Bibliothek vor mehreren Personen ein Buch in der Hand.
Mindestens zwlf Mnner bauen ein Gebude, wobei manche anderen helfen.
Eine Frau in einer Jacke und Perlen bei einer Signierstunde.
Eine Reihe Motorrder vor einem Geschft.
Ein Mann sitzt am Straenrand neben einem Motorrad.
Eine Frau lehnt gegen eine Wand und hat einen Schuh ausgezogen.
Eine Frau und zwei weitere sitzen in der Nhe eines dekorativen Brunnens.
Eine Frau namens Victoria Leak sitzt hinter ihrem Broschreibtisch.
Eine wei gekleidete Frau geht an einem Gebude mit einem Poster vorbei.
Zwei Wachleute sitzen bei einem Eingang.
Drei kleine blonde Jungen kauern sich am Fu eines Baumes nahe einer alten Maschine zusammen.
Personen auf den Gelndern, die eine Strae begrenzen.
Der Asiate lsst sich von einem anderen Mann mit einem Motorrad fotografieren.
Ein Asiate tritt mit Gesichtsbemalung auf.
Zwei Mnner steigen gleich aus einem Zug aus.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut macht Werbung fr einen Tattoo Shop.
Ein brtiger Mann mit einem Malerhut spielt Xylophon auf einem geschftigen Gehweg.
Eine Schulband geschmckt fr die Spirit Week.
Ein junge Dame in einer Winterjacke macht sich bereit fr ein Foto.
Eine belebte Strae bei Nacht.
Mehrere Personen sitzen auf einer Wand voller Graffiti.
Ein barfiger Mann sitzt auf einem Sims.
Eine Person mit einem roten Hut, T-Shirt mit Batik-Muster und schwarzer Hose steht auf einem Gehweg.
Ein laufender Mann in einem grnen Pullover.
Zwei schlanke dunkelhutige Mnner sitzen am Rand eines Gehwegs und verkaufen Waren.
Eine alte Dame und ihre Enkelin arbeiten in einem Lebensmittelgeschft.
Ein Asiate in einer orangefarbenen Jacke trgt einen hohen Stapel Schachteln.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Einkaufswagen voller Lebensmittel.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke und blauer Jeans fhrt auf einem Fahrrad.
Mehrere Schauspieler und Schauspielerinnen fhren eine Show auf.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke sitzt im Gras und isst.
Zwei Frauen mit Regenschirmen stehen an einem Bahnsteig.
Ein Mann und eine Frau essen zu Mittag, whrend eine Frau in Rot mit ihrem Handy telefoniert.
Ein Prchen, die beide Brillen tragen, gehen Hndchen haltend spazieren.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Kopfdeckel fahrt mit dem Fahrrad auf dem Gehweg in einer Stadt.
Ein Mdchen auf einem Fahrrad fhrt eine Strae hinunter.
Eine Frau mit einer braunen Tasche befestigt ein rosa-gelbes Bouquet an ihrem Fahrrad.
Ein Prchen mit Einkaufstaschen im Freien.
Ein Mann hlt ein Schild hoch auf dem Jobs with Justice steht.
Eine ltere Frau betrachtet eine Tasche voller Obst, whrend andere zusehen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen vor einer weien Wand und machen ein Foto mit Schatten an der Wand.
Ein kleines Mdchen liest ein Buch zwischen einem unordentlichen Haufen Kleidung.
Ein weier Mann und eine weie Frau unterhalten sich, whrend ein schwarzer Mann sie beobachtet.
Ein kleines Mdchen kehrt im Freien.
Die Dame mit einem weien Hut in der Hand geht mit ihren zwei Freundinnen auf einem Backsteinweg.
Zwei Kinder, von denen eines fr Geld Trompete spielt.
Eine ltere Frau in einem blauen Mantel wird gleich eine rote Flssigkeit probieren.
Ein Clown bringt die Menge zum Lachen.
Mehrere Obdachlose durchsuchen eine Tasche mit Dingen, die sie zum Lachen bringen.
Eine Punk-Band spielt auf der Bhne.
Personen in einem Zelt servieren und whlen Speisen und Getrnke.
Teilnehmer an einem Rennen, zwei von ihnen tragen farbenfrohen indianischen Kopfschmuck.
Eine Frau steht auf einer Wiese und hlt Jacken und ein Kleid.
Ein Mann spielt Trompete vor einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Gruppe Kinder am Strand unterhlt sich darber, was sie sehen.
Ein Student beobachtet Zellen unter einem Mikroskop.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Mantel, roter Krawatte und Clownsnase spricht auf der Strae mit einem anderen Mann.
Das junge Mdchen war auf den Regen vorbereitet.
Eine Frau mit einem lilafarbenen Regenschirm blickt in die Ferne.
Passanten mit Regenschirmen kaufen Gemse auf einem Straenmarkt.
Ein Mann mit Dreadlocks und Bart telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Eine Frau und ein Mann kommen sich nher.
Mehrere Personen stehen an einer Straenecke.
Ein fremdlndischer Markt mit einer Frau im Vordergrund.
Ein junger Chinese und eine junge Dame stehen vor einem weien Tisch mit Pflanzen darauf.
Die Leute auf der Strae haben Regenschirme aufgespannt.
Ein Mann und sein Hund gehen an einem regnerischen Tag ber eine stark befahrene Strae.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Sakko gestikuliert mit seiner Hand.
Eine Frau in hbscher Kleidung hat keinen Regenschirm.
Eine Matratze lehnt gegen einen Telefonmasten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen sich im Freien vor einer Urne gegenber, die grer ist als sie.
Zwei Frauen betrachten etwas von einer Brcke aus.
Mnner streichen die Seite eines alten Gebudes.
Ein junges Mdchen in Rot beim Bungie Jumping.
Zwei Frauen kssen sich auf einem Fahrrad.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Locken trinkt aus einer groen Tasse.
Ein rotes Zelt vor einem Backsteingebude fr Passanten an einer Backsteinstrae.
Hunderte von Menschen in den Straen.
Ein Mann wird von einem Bullen abgeworfen, als ein Rodeo-Clown in die Arena luft.
Vater und Sohn in zueinander passenden Cowboy-Outfits sehen sich ein Rodeo an.
Eine groe Menschenmenge in einer groen Stadt.
Mehrere Personen im Freien mit Fahnen.
Zwei Personen mit Sonnenbrille sitzen vor einer groen Wiese und unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen in der Nhe der Strae.
Drei Mnne haben eine gute Zeit mit dem berhmten Tretboot.
Zwei als Gorillas verkleidete Personen auf einem Gehweg.
Vielen Menschen  manche mit roten Schildern  in der Nhe einiger Gebude.
Personen an der Startlinie eines Rennens.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd geht die Strae hinunter und bietet einer Frau ein Glas Wein an.
Eine Frau mit langen blonden Haaren in einem weien Top hat ihren Arm gehoben.
Zahlreiche Menschen bevlkern die Strae vor einem McDonalds.
Eine Teenagerin hilft freiwillig beim Saubermachen.
Menschenmassen bewegen sich durch die Straen und von oben regnet Konfetti auf sie herab.
Mehrere junge Mdchen gehen eine Strae hinunter.
Eine junge Frau in Jeans und einem roten Oberteil sitzt auf einer Veranda mit einem Mann mit einer Halskette und kurzer Hose. 
Eine Frau in einem roten Top wirft Mardi Gras-Kgelchen aus ihrem Schlafzimmerfenster.
Zwei Frauen in Jacken und Jeans gehen durch einen Park und unterhalten sich.
Protestierende Jugendliche entspannen im Stadtpark und werden dabei von bewaffneten Polizisten beobachtet.
Zwei Frauen  eine in einem rosa Oberteil und die andere in Wei  gehen die Strae hinunter.
Ein brnettes Mdchen trgt einen Geldbeutel und sieht verwundert aus.
Trendige junge Leute stehen im Freien.
Eine Frau mit orangefarbenen Haaren sitzt hinter einem Tisch mit T-Shirts mit Batik-Muster darauf.
Mehrere Frauen mit groen Htene stehen an einem Tisch.
Ein blau gekleideter Fahrradfahrer parkt in einem Holzhaus.
Eine Person in einer Menschenmenge macht ein Foto von Leuten auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann hlt ein Baby im Arm und hat ein Kind auf dem Rcken.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen beisammen und halten einen kleinen Jungen und ein Baby.
Zwei Mnner sitzen nebeneinander und schauen in unterschiedliche Richtungen.
Drei Mnner sitzen und einer steht und sie unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann auf einer Bank beobachtet einen anderen Mann beim Schlafen.
Eine Frau mit Brille hlt eine Kamera vor ihr Gesicht.
Ein Mdchen in weien Stiefeln hlt einen Regenschirm.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einer weien Robe spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid geht an einem wunderschnen Tag ber den Strand.
Ein mnnlicher Jugendlicher in schwarzer Kleidung trgt einen Rucksack mit einem Protestschild darin.
Ein Mann in Jeans, Hemd mit Knpfen und Brille liest ein Buch.
Ein Kind mit einem orangefarbenen Rucksack trgt ein grnes Vogelhuschen.
Der Mann im gelben Hemd macht auf dem Gehweg Musik.
Drei Frauen in schwarzen Rcken vor einer Baumgruppe mit violetten Blumen.
Ein Prchen geht an Kirschbltenbumen vorbei.
Mehrere Personen stehen am Strand, whrend andere im Wasser sind.
Ein Mann und eine Frau boxen in einem Park.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen beisammen und die Frau hat ein Mediengert in der Hand.
Vier junge Mdchen posieren fr ein Foto.
Eine groe Menschenansammlung auf einer stark befahrenen Strae.
Zwei Frauen teilen sich Zuckerwatte an der Ecke einer stark befahrenen Pflasterstrae.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd folgt einem anderen Mann, der eine blau-schwarze Tasche trgt.
Ein ttowierter Mann landet in einem Boxkampf einen Krpertreffer.
Ein Mann beaufsichtigt bei sich zuhause die Arbeit eines Raumausstatters.
Eine blonde Frau in einem dunkelblauen Oberteil hlt eine Kamera.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Outfit bereitet das Essen zu.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann raucht drauen eine Zigarette.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd unterhlt sich mit zwei Mnnern in orangefarbenen und gelben Arbeitswesten.
Eine Frau giet eine Tasse Tee ein.
Eine Familie geniet Drinks an Deck mit ihrem kleinen Jungen.
Zwei Frauen kaufen in einem asiatischen Lebensmittelgeschft ein.
Ein Mann streckt vor einer groen Felsformation seine Arme aus.
Ein kleines Mdchen reitet auf einem Bauernhof auf einem braunen Pony.
Zwei kleine Jungen gehen zu einem Fahrrad vor einer gelben Wand.
Ein Fotoshooting auf der Strae mit einer Frau in einem rot-weien Kleid und schwarzen Stiefeln.
Ein Asiate transportiert auf seinem Fahrrad zusammengerollte Teppiche und einen anderen Mann.
Ein Junge beobachtet durch einige Bretter hindurch eine Person im Freien.
Ein junger Mann und eine junge Frau umarmen sich auf einem berdachten Gehweg.
Zwei kleine Hunde laufen durch das Gras.
Einkufer auf einem Essens- und Kleidungsmarkt im Freien.
Eine Person mit einem Stock schlft im Freien auf einer Bank.
Ein lchelnder aler Mann mit weiem Bart und eine ltere Frau blicken durch ein mit Wsche verhngtes Fenster.
Sechs Frauen in Rot stehen auf der Bhne.
Eine Ballerina in einem schwarzen Trikot springt durch die Luft.
Ein Straenverkufer fr Obst wartet auf Kunden.
Ein junger Mann kehrt den Gehweg mit einem Besen mit rotem Stiel.
Ein Mdchen in einem gestreiften Badeanzug springt ins Meer.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Baseballmtze grillt Fisch.
Eine Frau in Gelb geht an einem Gebude vorbei.
Ein Blick von oben auf einen Mann, der drinnen auf einer Bank sitzt und von einem stehenden Mann angeschaut wird.
Vier Mdchen beim Ballett.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und einem groen Hut mit Federn posiert fr ein Foto.
Zwei Frauen essen Eiswaffeln.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Kleidung kehrt mit einem Besen Stufen.
Ein Mann steht in einem Bach und ist umgeben von Felsen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen streicheln ein Pferd durch einen Zaun.
Ein Mann in einer weien Jacke macht ein Foto.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Hemden stehen in einem Zeltbereich.
Ein Mann steht an der Theke eines Straenhndlers in einer Stadt.
Ein Prchen isst im Freien an einem Tisch und zeigt auf etwas.
Ein groer Hund rollt sich im Gras auf den Rcken.
Ein Mann in einem rosafarbenen Hemd mit Knpfen hebt seine Arme vor der Menge.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund springt ber eine Hrde.
Eine Theke in einem Restaurant mit Marugas Tomatenpastete und der Rckseite einer Coca-Cola-Eisbar.
Zwei Mnner in Straenkleidung bei einem Kampfsport.
Zwei Freunde lcheln und genieen gemeinsam ein Musikfestival.
Eine Frau hlt auf einer Party ihr Kind.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt mit Ballons auf den Schultern seines Vaters und hat einen roten Pullover an.
Zwei dunkelhutige Mnner sehen sich im Fernsehen ein Basketballspiel an.
Eine Frau in einer fuchsiafarbenen kurzen Hose und einem Bustier springt in die Luft.
Ein kahl werdender Mann geht auf einem von Bumen berschatteten Weg.
Zwei ltere Mnner verwenden Greifzangen, um sich an einem Frhstcksbuffet zu bedienen.
Eine Gruppe Menschen bei einem Fotoshooting.
Zwei Asiatinnen in Sandalen, langen Seidenroben und mit Regenschirmen.
Ein Japaner mit einem blauen Hut und seinem Banjo.
Eine ltere Frau trgt eine Bluse mit Blumenmuster und wartet geduldig, bis der Zug anhlt.
Ein Mann befrdert zwei Frauen in einer Rikscha.
Ein alter Mann putzt die Fenster bei City Lights Books.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und grner Schrift auf seinem Arm.
Zwei Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch in einer Cafeteria mit blauen, grnen und gelben Sthlen.
Menschen kaufen ihre Lebensmittel in einem Supermarkt.
Ein lterer Mann in einem karierten Hemd nht mit einer Nhmaschine von Singer.
Eine Frau in einem hbschen Pullover fertigt etwas mit ihren Hnden.
Einige asiatische Personen stehen im Freien in der Nhe eines Rauchen verboten-Schilds.
Einige Japaner freuen sich ber Feuerwerk in einer rtlichen Strae.
Zwei Kinder schlafen hinten in einem Auto.
Ein Spieler rennt mit einem Football ber das Feld und wird von einem Teammitglied, einem Gegenspieler und dem Schiedsrichter verfolgt.
Ein Mann in weier Hose und einem weien Nadelstreifenhemd und eine Frau in einem kurzen schwarz-weien Kleid tanzen auf einer geflieten Tanzflche.
Eine Frau auf einem Blumenfeld blst in die Blumen.
Eine drauen sitzende Frau webt einen langen roten, weien und blauen Stoff.
Ein junges Mdchen in komplett pinkfarbener Kleidung beim Gehen.
Eine Frau geht einen Betonweg oberhalb des Ozeans entlang.
Ein alter Mann hlt ein Schild hoch.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke geht auf Stelzen vor einer Gruppe von Menschen.
Eine Gruppe junger blonder Frauen sitzt vor einem Star Bucks.
Ein Mdchen in einer grnen Bluse sieht sich vorsichtig ein Objekt an.
Eine Frau steht in der Trffnung eines alten Gebudes.
Der Hund trgt einen pinkfarbenen Ball im Maul.
Eine groe Amish-Familie an einem herrlichen Frhlingstag.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem hellrosa Hut und in pinkfarbener Kleidung mit einer Eiswaffel in der Hand, nachdem sie sich das Gesicht mit Eiscreme beschmiet hat.
Drei Straenknstler zeigen ihre auergewhnlichen Instrumente.
Polizisten stehen zu, whrend die Zuschauer eine Parade genieen.
Ein Mann geht an einem groen Ziegelsteingebude vorbei, das mit Graffiti beschmiert ist.
Drei Personen, alle mit Handschuhen, verwenden einen Schubkarren, um an einem sonnigen Tag zu arbeiten.
Kche bei der Arbeit in einer Kche.
Ein erwachsenes Paar aus einem afrikanischen Land posiert auf einem kahlen Feld posieren mit einem Karren, auf dem sich eine Plastikflasche mit Wasser befindet.
Ein Mann in einem farbenfrohen Kostm spielt auf einer Trompete.
Zwei Mnner gehen an einem farbenfrohen Geschft vorbei und einer bewundert etwas unter dem Regenschirm.
Eine Frau legt Papie auf ein Backblech in einer Kche.
Ein Foto eines Prchens, das die Strae entlanggeht, mit chinesischen Schriftzeichen.
Ein kleines Kind mit blonden Haaren versucht, sich ein Handy in den Mund zu stecken.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen vor einer Werbeanzeige an einer Wand. Sie schaut sie an und er schaut weg.
Fnf Personen malen mit Sprhdosen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Hut und einer blauen Jacke steht auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann in einem Sakko geht an einer Wand entlang.
Eine Dame mit grauem Haar telefoniert am Handy und trgt eine Einkaufstasche vor einer Boutique.
Eine hbsche Frau berprft ihre Nachrichten auf dem Handy, whrend sie ber einen Platz geht.
Ein kniender Mann mit einem braunen Mantel und einem blauen Kopftuch stimmt seine Gitarre.
Eine blonde Frau in einem roten Shirt und mit einem Fuballhut lchelt.
Eine Mutter und ein Vater gehen mit ihrer hnlich gekleideten Familie auf einen Spaziergang.
Der Mann in der Jeansjacke schaut ber die Strae.
Ein Mann in Jeans und mit roten Schuhen fhrt auf dem Fahrrad auf einer Strae an einem Backsteingebude vorbei.
Die Frau in Grn hlt einen Binder in der Hand.
Der Mann in einem karierten Hemd raucht auf der Strae eine Zigarette.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau vor einer Wohngegend in einer Stadt.
Eine brnette Frau streckt die Zunge heraus.
Eine Frau legt sich im Park ins Gras.
Ein Mann in einem rosafarbenen Hemd trinkt ein Bier.
Zuschauer bei einem Straenlauf in der Stadt.
Ein Mann in einem farbenfrohen Outfit und mit Hut steht in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Turner am Barren.
Ein Mann bringt farbige Schwmme an Shirt und Jeans an.
Ein Mann bckt sich mit einem Plschtier zwischen seinen Beinen.
Zwei junge Frauen in einer Mand mit Trommelstcken.
Eine Frau mit einer Trommel lchelt.
Der Mann mit dem rasierten Kopf hngt seine Wsche auf die Leine.
Ein alter Mann betrachtet eine Skulptur.
Eine Frau in einer lilafarbenen Bluse und mit einem rosa Hut in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann in einem lila- und orangefarbenen Outfit fr eine Veranstaltung.
Eine Frau in einem goldenen Kostm blickt in die Ferne.
Ein Mann in einer gelben Jacke auf Skiern auf einem Berg.
Mehrere Personen laufen ein Rennen, darunter ein Mann in einem Drachenkostm.
Eine Frau fhrt mit ihrem Kind Fahrrad.
Eine gehende Frau in einem hellrosa Mantel und einem kurzen, engen, schwarzen Kleid.
Ein Hund beim Gassigehen auf einer roten Backsteinstrae.
Ein Mann in Schwarz sitzt bei einem Lampenmasten und raucht eine Zigarette.
Eine Frau schwenkt die mexikanische Flagge.
Eine Frau auf einer Wiese lacht ein Baby in einem Kinderwagen an.
Eine Menschenmenge winkt mit den Armen.
Personen stellen sich fr den Flaggentag in Frankreich auf.
Ein Mann mit einem grnen Hut dst whrend einer Zugfahrt.
Mehrere Personen inklusive ein Kind und ein Clown gehen auf einem verschneiten Gehweg.
Eine Gruppe lterer Frauen, die alle identische Hte tragen, sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd steht auf und macht Seifenblasen.
Drei Personen sitzen an ihren Laptops in einem Caf.
Zwei Mnner klettern auf einen groen Felsen.
Ein Mann geht auf einem Feldweg.
Eine Gruppe aus sieben Frauen steht in einem Gewsser.
Ein junger Asiate sitzt hinter einem Schackbrett und wartet auf seinen Gegenspieler.
Kinder beim Sackhpfen bei einem geselligen Beisammensein.
Drei Personen machen Liegesttze.
Mnner spielen in einem Park auf unterschiedlichen Musikinstrumenten.
Ein Mann und eine Frau beim Tanzen.
Kinder betrachten die Bronzestatue eines Pferds und eines Soldaten.
Mehrere Personen, erwachsene und junge, sitzen neben dem Feldweg und schauen ber die Strae.
Ein Mann in den 30ern in einem pelzigen grnen Kostm sitzt auf dem Randstein eines belebten Gehwegs.
Ein Mdchen in Pink spielt Schlagzeug.
Zwei Frauen stehen im Schnee und blicken zu einem Turm mit einem orangefarbenen kegelfrmigen Licht.
Jemand mit einem Fahrrad kauft Erzeugnisse.
Ein lterer Mann und eine Frau verwenden in einer Art Lagerraum Computer.
Ein Turner balanciert auf einem Schwebebalken.
Eine Turnerin in einem rot-blauen Trikot macht einen Rckwrtssalto auf dem Schwebebalken.
Eine Frau hlt ihre Hand in das Licht und ein Mann sieht zu.
Ein Mann sorgt fr Licht.
Fotographen machen Fotos auf einer Hochzeit.
Ein Mann macht ein Foto von mehreren Personen, einschlielich eines Mannes in einem lindgrnen Anzug.
Ein Mann spielt Akustikgitarre und ein anderer begleitet ihn auf dem Akkordeon.
Eine Touristengruppe geht um den Hof des Vatikan herum.
Ein alter Mann auf dem Gehweg  spielt Akkordeon.
Eine blonde Frau in einer Bar hebt ihr Glas.
Ein am Ozean sitzender Mann mit einer Pfeife.
Ein erwachsener Mann am Strand wirft ein Kind in die Luft, whrend ein anderes Kind zusieht.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge in einem orangefarbenen Shirt spielt mit Spielsachen.
Zwei Mofafans, einer davon mit einer Geldbrse, unterhalten sich auf der Veranda.
Mehrer Personen gehen auf einem Gehweg, der an pastellfarbenen Gebuden entlang verluft.
Eine Frau in einer karierten Bluse an einer Strae mit nach oben gerecktem Daumen.
Drei Kinder beobachten durch eine Fenster einen drauen arbeitenden Mann.
Ein Sportler, dem die Brille von der Nase fllt, liegt in einer Sandgrube.
Jemand tritt einen bunten Ball.
Ein alter Mann mit einer Tte Chips sitzt mit einem jngeren Mann zusammen, der ein Getrnk in der Hand hlt.
Ein Junge mit einem breiten Grinsen auf dem Gesicht in einem Blumenfeld.
Zwei Mnner in einer tropischen Gegend gehen mit einem gezhmten Elephanten eine Strae entlang.
Ein Friseur in einem Haarsalon berblickt den Salon.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt an einem Tisch in einem leeren Restaurant.
Ein Mann wirft den Pfeil.
Ein erwachsener Mann und zwei Kinder asiatischer Herkunft springen auf der Strae.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd wirft einen Dartpfeil.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einer Frau in Jeans im Gras.
Zwei kleine Mdchen mit Sonnenbrillen sitzen im Freien.
Ein junge Afrikanerin vor mehreren Tonkrgen blickt in eine Kamera.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Parkbank und isst Eiscreme.
Eine Frau in Gelb und eine in Orange  beide mit Handtaschen  betrachten das Wasser im Hintergrund.
Eine schielende blonde Frau in einer hellgelben Bluse.
Zwei gehende junge Frauen, eine gro, blond, mit Modelstatur in einem Zebra-Outfit, die andere kleiner, asiatischer Herkunft und mit einem weien Unterhemdchen.
Zwei Frauen in Tanktops und Brillen gehen gemeinsam spazieren.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann steht seitlich von einer T-Shirt-Anzeige.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht, eine schwarze Krhe zu fangen.
Eine einsame Frau in einer roten Bluse blickt nach oben und in der Ferne blickt ein Mann mit Brille in ihre Richtung.
Ein Mdchen mit Sonnenbrille hlt einen Schirm.
Eine Frau spielt in einer braunen, von Bumen umgebenen Landschaft Tauziehen mit ihrem schwarzen Hund.
Zwei Frauen in einer Stadt gehen Arm in Arm die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau in einer blau karierten Bluse und mit Sonnenbrille kratzt sich im Gesicht, whrend sie die Strae entlanggeht.
Eine zechende Frau auf der Strae mit einer Einkaufstasche im Schlepptau.
Drei Personen spielen Fuball, einer in Orange, zwei andere in Blau, von denen einer gerade hoch springt.
Zwei Frauen gehen zusammen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen bedruckten T-Shirt mit einem weien Handtuch ber dem unteren Teil seines Gesichts.
Eine Frau mit einer Kamera geht neben einem Mann her.
Ein Arbeiter auf einem Steiger in einer Palme.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper macht einen Sprung mit dem Skateboard.
Ein Mdchen mit Sonnenbrille geht an einem roten Auto vorbei.
Er isst ein Gericht an der Strae und geniet es.
Ein gehendes Mdchen auf einem Gehweg mit Kopfhrer.
Ein Mann in einem gelb-blauen Trainingsanzug bittet eine Frau um Hilfe.
Eine Frau mit sehr vielen Falten hlt ihre Brille und geht eine Strae entlang.
Ein berittener Polizist passiert einen Motorradfahrer.
Ein junges Mdchen in blauer Jeans wartet im Part auf ihre Verabredung.
Eine Frau in einem Park telefoniert im Gehen mit ihrem Handy.
Mehrere Personen schlafen in einem Bus, whrend ein Junge eine Textnachricht sendet.
Eine Nachrichtensprecherin in einem Geschft wird gefilmt.
Eine Frau, die vor einem groen Becken in einem Aquarium steht, dreht sich herum und blickt den Fotografen an.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Geschft und versucht, ihren Regenschirm zu schlieen.
Eine Frau und zwei Mnner auf einer Treppe im Freien neben einer Werbung.
Eine Frau in einem Kostm mit Kondomen in ihrem Haar.
Zwei Personen in Blumenkostmen gehen eine Strae hinunter.
Ein Junge betrachtet ein Boot voller Sand.
Zwei Teenager, ein Junge und eine Mdchen, in Sportkleidung laufen einem Ball nach.
Ein Mann in einer grauen Jacke sitzt auf einer Bank und liest ein Buch.
Mehrere Mnner mit roten Mtzen, einer steht etwas abseits und blickt in die Kamera.
Viele Personen gehen auf einem Gehweg.
Eine Frau in einem roten Mantel berquert die Strae mit einem Mdchen in roter Hose und einem Kinderwagen.
Ein Asiate bereitet auf eienr Theke neben einer Katze etwas zum Essen zu.
Eine Gruppe lterer Damen steht an einer Straenecke in einer urbanen Gegend.
Personen mit Taschen auf einer Strae mit geparkten Motorrdern.
Zwei Mnner mit nackten Oberkrpern auf dem Balkon eines Gebudes zeigen in den Himmel und beobachten etwas Interessantes.
Eine Frau tanzt auf einem Musikfestival neben einer Bhne.
Ein junges asiatisches Mdchen streichelt ein Tier und das Tier legt sich hin und geniet es.
Ein Hund springt hoch und fngt ein Frisbee mit dem Maul.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einer Statue eines sitzenden Mannes, die ihm sehr hnlich sieht.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Mantel schiebt einen Kinderwagen.
Ein Straenmusikant sitzt auf einer Strae neben einem Didgeridoo und hlt ein blaues eifrmiges Ding in der Hand.
Familie und Bekannte vor einem Papa Johns.
Eine Frau steht an einem Fugngerberweg und wartet auf das Umschalten der Ampel.
Eine Gruppe von Personen mittleren Alters fahren mit einem Pferdewagen udn tragen historische Kostme.
Eine Gruppe von Schlern spielt Fuball und trinkt etwas.
Zwei wartende Mnner mit Ruckscken.
Eine Frau springt und ein Mann sieht tatenlos zu.
Zwei junge Frauen sitzen auf einem Baum.
Ein Arbeiter mit einem weien Schutzhelm befindet sich unten an einer Feuerleiter und hat mit der Kante eines groen gelben Schilds zu kmpfen.
Ein Mann in einem Geschftsanzug hat gerade die Strae berquert.
Eine Frau in einer dunklen Trffnung wartet darauf, in das Gebude gelassen zu werden.
Ein Hund folgt einem anderen Hund um die Ecke, blickt jedoch zurck.
Ein junges Mdchen in marineblauer Strumpfhose nimmt an einem Weitsprungwettbewerb vor Zuschauern teil.
Drei Personen versammeln sich um einen Tisch um etwas zu trinken.
Eine Person springt mit dem Fahrrad in die Luft.
Ein Junge fhrt in einem Skaterpark auf seinem Fahrrad.
Ein Junge fhrt auf einem Fahrrad die Strae hinunter. Er trgt ein groes, gelbes, zitronenfrmiges Schild und am Straenrand warten zahlreiche Zuschauer.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Bluse greift einer anderen Frau an den Po.
Eine Frau mit dunklen Haaren sitzt auf einer Treppe und hat die Hand vor dem Gesicht.
Ein Paar steht auf einer Anlegestelle am Wasser und umarmt sich.
Braut und Brutigam lassen sich auf einer Schaukel fotografieren. Ein junger Mann mit einem Glas Limo und ein Junge in einem grnen Shirt mit einem Fahrrad sehen zu.
Ein junges Mdchen in Pink reinigt Steine im Wasser mit einer Zahnbrste.
Eine Frau mit Korb trgt eine silberfarbene Percke und eine Brille.
Eine Frau und ein Mdchen betrachten eine Zeichnung.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd hilft einem Mann in einem roten Hemd beim Reparieren eines Mountainbikes.
Eine Dame mach Musik auf ihrer Harfe.
Eine verkleidete Frau versucht, ihre Waren zu verkaufen, als eine junge Frau stehen bleibt.
Zwei Hrdenlufer springen auf einer Laufbahn ber eine Hrde.
Zwei Kinder mit Hten hngen an Bambus.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich, whrend einer davon ein Huhn hlt.
Eine ltere Frau steht an der Strae und posiert im Rauch.
Eine Asiatin trgt eine Jacke und hlt ein Blatt Papier.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover hlt eine Lampe.
Ein Mann hebt seinen Arm in Richtung eines Lichts.
Eine Dame steht auf und hlt eine eingeschaltete Lampe.
Mnner bereiten vor einer Burg eine Kanone vor.
Ein junger Mann spielt zusammen mit anderen Leuten Football.
Eine Gruppe von vier Leuten auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann in einer trkisfarbenen Jacke und mit einem rosa Regenschirm geht neben einer Frau in einem schwarzen Mantel her, die einen Hund Gassi fhrt.
Eine Teenagerin in Flannel hpft auf einer Wiese in der Nhe eines Fuballfelds.
Eine Zeichnung einer belebten Strae an der Oxford Circus Station.
Ein Arbeiter mit Helm arbeitet auf einer Plattform hoch ber dem Boden.
Zwei Kinder gehen ber die Spitzen von Steinen, die eine Brcke ber den seichten Fluss bilden.
Ein Mann und eine Kind berqueren mit Hilfe einiger Steine ein Gewsser.
Mehrere junge Personen berqueren auf einer Reihe von Trittsteinen das Wasser.
Kinder spielen zusammen nach einer berschwemmung.
Eine als Bauchtnzerin verkleidete Frau tritt hinter drei Personen, die auf einer Treppe sitzen.
Eine Frau sitzt mit einem Ventilator im Schatten.
Mehrere Personen stehen vor dem Eingang zur U-Bahnstation Fulton St Station.
Ein Mann in dunkler Kleidung geht in eine Durchgangsstation.
Zwei Stadtarbeiter in orangefarbener Kleidung entfernen brennende berreste von einer Strae und vom Randsteinn.
Die zwei Gromtter unterhalten sich.
Zwei ltere Damen teilen sich auf einer Bank ihr Mittagessen.
Zwei Personen sitzen bei einem Baum und entspannen.
Drei Personen berqueren eine Steinbrcke an einem See, whrend ein Hund schwimmt.
Zwei Kinder verwenden Betonblcke, um das Wasser zu berqueren.
Drei Personen in pink und grn gestreiften Shirts unterhalten sich.
Eine Wartehalle mit Passagieren, die auf blauen Sitzen warten.
Eine asiatische Braut und ihr Brutigam kommen aus einer Kirche und die Menge bewirft sie mit Konfetti.
Zwei kleine Mdchen in pinkfarbenen Kleidern und Sandalen.
Eine Strae in einer Stadt mit Autos und Gebuden.
Eine Frau in einer rosafarbenen Bluse presst Orangensaft in einem Restaurant.
Ein niedliches kleines Mdchen mit Locken sitzt auf den Schultern eines Mannes.
Vier Mdchen in orangefarbenen Jacken spielen Seilhpfen.
Zwei Kinder in orangefarbenen Westen und blauen Hosen. Eines davon macht ein Foto mit einer roten Kamera.
Eine Frau und zwei kleine Kinder spielen mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Dreirad mit einem Schild mit der Aufschrift Your ad here!.
Ein Mann mit Bandana steht vor Mdchen in blauen Shirts.
Zwei junge Frauen mit braunem Haar sitzen auf einem Randstein.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen hat sich nachts um ein helles Licht herum versammelt.
Eine routinierte Theatervorstellung mit fnf Schauspielern auf der Bhne.
Eine Ballerina tritt als Ratte in einem Park auf.
Ein Mann mit einer Machete bearbeitet groe Eisblcke.
Zwei Mdchen lesen gemeinsam aus einem Buch vor.
Drei Mnner und eine Frau mit Laptops stehen vor einer Projektionswand und unterhalten sich scheinbar.
Ein Polizist passt auf, whrend viele Menschen an einem Marathon teilnehmen.
Eine junge Frau in einem dunklen Oberteil und orangefarbener Sonnenbrille spielt Schlagzeug.
Zwei Gitarristen unterhalten sich auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann spielt vor einem groen Schild Gitarre, whrend hinter ihm ein anderer Mann Schlagzeug spielt.
Eine Band in New York, die im Freien fr einen guten Zweck spielt.
Eine Frau in einer blau karierten Bluse und einem Bandana backt Brot.
Ein Mann stt sich von einer Klippe ber dem Wasser ab.
Ein Mann mit einem rostroten Hut und einem braunen Hemd spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Eine Frau mit einer grn und wei gestreiften Mtze steht in der Nhe von Graffiti.
Eine Gruppe Frauen steht auf einem Markt und einige von ihnen tragen Krbe mit Gemse.
Zwei alte Frauen sitzen auf dem Randstein neben einigen Blumen.
Polizisten in Einsatzanzgen auf einer Strae mit Zuschauern in roter Kleidung.
Eine Band spielt auf einer Freiluftbhne.
Drei Mnner spielen Schlagzeug und Gitarre auf einer Bhne.
Eine Statue einer Frau mit langem Haar.
Eine afroamerikanische Band spielt auf einer Freiluftbhne inmitten von Bumen.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem braunen Hemd und mit Hut spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mann mit einem lilafarbenen Bandana in einem Schutzanzug der Polizei, einschlielich Helm und Weste mit der Aufschrift Police.
Viele Menschen betrachten zum Verkauf stehende Erzeugnisse.
Ein Junge im gelben T-Shirt luft ein Rennen.
Drei Personen gehen an einer Wand entlang, auf der die Zeichnung eines Doktors zu sehen ist, der das Herz in dem Poster I heart NY untersucht.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen spielt Jenga und hat Angst, dass die Teile umfallen.
Ein armer dunkelhutiger Mann hlt ein religises Schild hoch, whrend er vor einer Essensbude steht.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke unterhalten sich und zeigen auf eine Stelle an einem kleinen Baum in einem Pflanzkbel.
Ein kleines Mdchen hngt an der Rckseite eines Basketballkorbs.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd und einer braunen Hose ist scheinbar sehr aufgeregt, da er mit erhobenen Armen in die Luft springt.
Zwei Asiaten wenden ihre Kenntnisse im Holzhandwerk an.
Drei Personen  zwei Frauen und ein Mann  stehen im Freien um einen Grill herum.
Zwei Mnner scheren sich die Kpfe kahl.
Ein Mann bckt sich ber seine Pflanzen. Im Hintergrund sind verschiedene Pflanzen und Erde zu sehen.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Fahrradhelm und Brille macht ein Foto von einigen Pflanzen.
Die Frau mit dem Schal wartet ruhig auf den Zug.
Ein Snger in einem schwarzen Hemd spielt in einer Band.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Rock sitzt neben einem Jungen.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen zusammen im Sand.
Ein Mann mit einem Barett und Lederjacke schreibt etwas in ein kleines Notizbuch.
Eine langhaarige Frau singt in ein Mikrophon.
Eine Gruppe lterer Leute spielt Dame in einer sehr armen Gegend.
Zwei ltere Herren spielen Dame.
Ein Mann sitzt zwischen orangefarbenem Zuckerrohr und einem orangefarbenen Blumentopf und hat den Kopf gesenkt.
Eine Frau mit einer rosafarbenen Tasche und einem weien Regenschirm geht in eine U-Bahnstation.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Pullover starrt von einer Brcke aus ins Wasser.
Ein Mdchen in einer schwarzen Bluse und blauer Jeans trgt eine silberne Halskette.
Eine junge Frau in schwarzer Hose steht neben ihrem Fahrrad und macht ein Foto.
Eine Asiatin geht nachts eine hell beleuchtete Strae entlang und telefoniert mit ihrem Handy.
Eine Frau im Hochgebirge giet ein Getrnk von einer Tasse in die andere.
Mama und Kind machen einen Spaziergang durch den Park.
Mnner sitzen an einer Backsteinstrae.
Ein schmutziger Mann macht auf einer ffentlichen Bank ein Nickerchen.
Eine Person mit einem blauen Hut und Hose legt den Kopf auf ein Gepckstck.
Ein Mann rumt sein Geschirr ab.
Zwei Mnner mit Ruckscken gehen auf gegenberliegenden Seiten der Strae.
Eine Frau wiegt etwas und ein Mann setzt sich.
Ein Mann blickt aus dem Fenster eines Gebudes und steht dabei unter einer puertorikanischen Flagge.
Ein Straenhndler sitzt mit Eiern und lebenden Hhnern auf dem Gehweg.
Mehrere Hunde, die an einem heien Sommertag an einer Stange festgebunden sind.
Ein Mann singt und spielt auf einer Bhne Gitarre.
Ein Musiker in einem bunten Shirt spielt wohl ein Solo auf einer Gitarre bei einem Musikfestival mit vielen Besuchern.
Ein Mexikaner in einem Karren wird von einem Esel gezogen.
Ein Junge und ein Baby dsen in der Sonne im Gras.
Drei Mnneressen auf einer Parkbank zu Mittag.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug spielt auf einer braunen Gitarre.
Ein Hund in der Nhe eines Gewssers.
Ein kleines Kind in gelber Jacke, rosa Stiefeln und mit Schal entfernt sich durch eine eisige Pftze und wird dabei von einem Hund begleitet.
Eine Gruppe von vier Leuten auf drei Rollern hat angehalten.
Eine Person in einem roten Ganzkrperkostm fhrt auf einem Motorrad.
Ein Mann mit Turban und einer blau-braunen Robe.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse und Jeans fhrt auf einem Motorroller.
Ein Mann streckt sich und hlt sich dabei an einem Metallzaun fest.
Ein Mann amsiert sich in Harlem whrend Halloween.
Ein Schlerlotse hilft den Kindern.
Ein alter Mann sitzt in einem Bus und hlt eine Aktentasche.
Eine blonde Frau in Braun verkauft Shrimps.
Ein Straenhndler kocht nachts unter einer einzelnen Glhbirne.
Die Frau im Hijab fhrt auf einem Roller.
Ein brauner Hund beit einen anderen braunen Hund auf dem Bett.
Eine Frau schiebt einen Kinderwagen an einer groen Werbetafel vorbei.
Zwei attraktive Frauen schlendern nachts eine belebte Backsteinstrae entlang.
Ein Taxi mit vielen Leuten auf der Strae.
Eine junge Asiatin geht an einer blauen Wand mit der Aufschrift Post No Bills vorbei.
Mehrere Personen berqueren die Strae an einem Fugngerberweg.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher passiert auf ihrem Weg durch die Stadt einige Fahrzeuge und eine mit Graffiti beschmierte Wand.
Eine Frau im Schatten mit einem roten Fetzen um den Hals.
Eine Frau mit einer herzfrmigen Kette und einer blauen Bluse neben einem Zaun.
Mehrere Damen lcheln fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann mit einer Zigarette hrt einem anderen Mann in Freizeitbekleidung zu, der eine Dose in der Hand hlt.
Eine attraktive Frau geht in einer gelben Bluse auf der Strae.
Ein Fotograph in einem blauen Hemd raucht mitten auf der Strae.
Sieben Teenager gehen ber eine Weide.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen bei einem Schreibtisch, whrend eine andere Frau am Schreibtisch sitzt und durch ein Mikroskop schaut.
Eine Gruppe Menschen steht vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Jacke und Brille sitzt auf einem Stuhl.
Ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten sich und beide haben Hte auf.
Eine ttowierte Frau mit einem grnen Kleid und einem gelben Rucksack hlt eine Wasserflasche in der Hand, whrend sie die Strae berquert.
Ein junger Mann schaut und denkt nach.
Ein Mann mit langem schwarzen Haar geht in einer asiatischen Stadt eien Strae entlang.
Eine Person in einem grnen Shirt hlt einen bunten Regenschirm.
Ein Mann unterhlt eine Frau und ein Mdchen mit Beinstreckern mit einem Zylinder.
Ein Mann schliet ein blaues Garagentor auf.
Eine Person sitzt auf einem Sims an einem Fluss in einer Stadt.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten mit einer Leiter in Amsterdam.
Ein Mann mit einer grulichen Jacke und grauem Haar betrachtet jemandes Schuh.
Przision ist ausschlaggebend, als diese Wache ihre Pistole in die Luft wirft, um sie wieder zu fangen.
Ein australischer Hirtenhund sitzt auf einer hlzernen Anlegestelle und ist an einem weien Segelboot festgebunden.
Zwei Balletttnzer treten auf einer Bhne auf.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Pullover und mit einer Kamera springt in einem Park.
Zwei brnette Frauen mit Sonnenbrillen im Freien.
Ein Mann und zwei Kinder. Eines der kinder sitzt auf einem Kissen und betrachtet ein Aquarium voller Tropenfische.
Ein Mann in einer blauen kurzen Hose boxt gegen einen anderen Mann in einer schwarzen kurzen Hose.
Menschen bilden eine Schlange vor einem Geschft fr Bier, Eis, Wein und Tabak.
Ein Mann mit Bart telefoniert mit dem Handy und steht dabei neben einer Person, die sich auf die Strae legt.
Drei uniformierte Arbeiter reinigen die Auenseiten der Fenster eines Restaurants.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd mit seinem Skateboard in einem Skateboardpark.
Zwei Mnner spielen an einem sonnigen Tag auf einer Wiese mit einem Fuball.
Verschiedene Personen berqueren die Strae bei einem Spirituosengeschft und einem thailndischen Restaurant.
Zwei Mnner in gelben Westen sitzen mit geschlossenen Augen in zwei Rikschas.
Eine Frau zeigt einer jungen Dame verschiedene Sachen.
Ein Mann und eine kleine Junge in gestreiften Hemden gehen auf einem Feldweg am Wasser.
Zwei Polizisten gehen am Strand entlang.
Eine Dame berquert eine Strae und schtzt sich mit einem Schirm vor der Sonne.
Ein Mann lehnt gegen eine Wand und hat seine Schuhe ausgezogen.
Ein Mann mit Topffrisur und einem grauen Hemd wird in der U-Bahn von hinten fotografiert.
Ein Wartungstechniker mit Schutzhelm wird unter einen Gehweg abgelassen.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil sitzt mit einer Leinwand auf dem Scho neben dem Wasser.
Eine Gruppe Bauarbeiter blickt ber die Stadt.
Ein Paar steht vor einem deutschen Restaurant und studiert die Speisekarte.
Eine Menschenmenge geniet einen gemeinsamen Aufruf.
Ein Mann in der Kleidung eines Polizisten und mit Helm und Schild.
Familienmitglieder genieen einen herrlichen sonnigen Tag im Park.
Eine Frau mit blonden Haaren und einer blauen Jeans geht an einem Musikgeschft in einem hohen beigefarbenen Gebude mit hohen Glastren vorbei.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem roten Shirt steht auf einem Stuhl in einer Badewanne.
Ein Mann bckt sich bei einer alten Steinmauer und schaut in seinen Rucksack.
Vier Frauen posieren fr ein Foto.
Eine Frau mit braunen Locken hlt eine Sonnenbrille in der Hand und steht in einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau liegt mitten in einem belebten Park auf dem Asphalt.
Ein Junge mit weiem Puder und blauer Schrift auf dem Gesicht.
Eine Frau in einem roten Mantel und einem schwarzen Kopftuch steht an einer Wand.
Ein lterer Afroamerikaner geht die Strae entlang und greift nach etwas.
Eine Gruppe Mdchen in Rcken mit schwarzen und weien Punkten berquert die Strae.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Boot und hlt zwei Flossen in der Hand.
Eine Obdachloser mittleren Alters mit einem Limobecher betrachtet zwei Passanten.
Ein Straenknstler entspannt sich nach einem harten Arbeitstag im Bro auf der Schwelle.
Mehrere Personen blicken nach oben, einige scheinen schockiert zu sein.
Eine Person in einem weien Hemd steht vor einem Gebude mit viel Glas.
Mutter und Tochter gehen eine Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem Brenkostm mit dem Kopf des Kostms in den Hnden steht hinter einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Stangentanz mitten auf der Strae auerhalb BUA.
Eine Person sitzt nachts in einem an einer Stange festgebundenen Reifen.
Eine groe Menschenmenge in einem Park.
Eine Akrobatin hngt mitten in der Luft und macht eine beeindruckende Pose.
Die junge Frau macht sich fr Halloween zurecht.
Gnner warten an und in der Nhe von Fugngerberwegen in einem fremden Land.
Ein brtiger Mann schnitzt mit Werkzeugen an einem Holzobjekt.
Einige Mnner und Frauen stehen in bunter Kleidung im Freien.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl vor einer Wand voller Bilder.
Ein brtiger Mann schiebt mit einer Holzstange schsselhnliche Objekte in einer groen Metallkiste herum, die mit Wasser gefllt ist.
Zwei Mnner beim Klettern.
Eine Frau gibt einer anderen Frau die Hand, whrend sie unter einem Schild fr eine von ihnen durchgefhrte Protestaktion stehen.
Zwei Japanerinnen mit Besen gehen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen Hemd verteilt Schneekegel aus einem Eiswgen heraus.
Mdchen bereiten etwas zum Essen vor.
Ein Mann neben einem Fahrrad mit einer Flagge versucht, die Aufmerksamkeit der Personen um ihn herum zu erlangen.
Ein Mdchen feiert im Freien ihren Abschluss.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd geht an einer Betonwand entlang.
Ein Mann wartet darauf auf den Bus.
Drei Kinder in groen aufblasbaren Blasen treiben in einem Pool.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem pinkfarbenen Outfit mit Blumen weint.
Polizisten in Schutzanzgen gehen eine Strae entlang.
Ein mnnlicher Lufer sieht beim Laufen einen anderen Lufer an.
Eine Frau sitzt auf Stufen und entspannt mit geschlossenen Augen.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad springt ber eine Rampe.
Ein BMX-Fahrer in der Luft nach einem Sprung von einem Erdhgel in einem Wald.
Eine Frau und ein Mann tanzen im Gras.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut blickt nach vorne. Andere hinter und vor ihm tun es ihm gleich.
Zwei Frauen fahren mit dem Kajak auf einem groen Fluss.
Ein Boxer in einer weien kurzen Hose landet einen Schlag im Gesicht des Boxers in der blauen kurzen Hose.
Ein Mdchen, das an einer Partie Menschliches Bowling teilnimmt.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke geht mit seinem kleinen Hund in einer schnen Nachbarschaft Gassi.
Arbeiter in einem Unternehmen schneiden Kunststoff fr einen wartenden Kunden.
Ein Junge steht im Gras und schwenkt die Flagge seines Heimatlandes.
Tanzende Mdchen hinter einem Mann mit Robe und Turban.
Ein Mann in einem gestreiften Hemd putzt an einem See Fische.
Eine Frau mit einem Tablett voller Alkohol.
Ein junger Herr mit braunem Haar und hochgeschobener Sonnenbrille geniet einen erfrischenden Drink und studiert die Speisekarte.
Ein Junge betrachtet die Ttowierung eines Mdchens.
Mehrere Personen warten in einer Schlange auf ihre Karten.
Taxis fahren im Regen die Strae entlang.
Ein Gehweg voller Fugnger, der durch eine Metallabsperrung von der Strae getrennt ist.
Ein Mann lehnt an einem Baum und spielt Klarinette, whrend er sich selbst mit einer Videokamera aufnimmt.
Ein Straenhndler mit einer weien Hose und einem schwarzen T-Shirt steht in der Nhe seines Wagens mit kalten Getrnken.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd macht etwas mit einem Fahrradreifen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd betrachtet einige Objekte am Boden.
Ein junger Mann lehnt an einer Straenlampe, als eine Bus mit einem Bild der Freiheitsstatue darauf vorbeifhrt.
Zwei Mnner blicken nachdenklich von einer Brcke.
Eine Frau in einem Oberteil hlt einen blauen Schirm und kniet neben Gepckstcken.
Mehrere Personen in einem fremden Land, manche mit Gepck, manche gehen, manche stehen.
Eine belebte Strae voller Asiaten.
Ein Kleinkind sitzt im Freien auf einem grn-weien Handtuch und lchelt jemanden rechts von sich an.
Mehrere Personen auf einem Platz an einem sonnigen Tag.
Zwei ltere Menschen  ein Mann und eine Frau  sitzen auf einer Bank mit einem Stadtbild im Hintergrund.
Das Bild einer Frau in einem geblmten Kleid, die schwer an etwas zu schleppen hat.
Zwei junge Mdchen stehen hinter einem Tisch voller Spielsachen und Miniaturen.
Ein alter Mann grillt in einem Hinterhof.
Eine rothaarige Frau steht mit ihrer Kamera hinter einem Zaun, zusammen mit anderen Leuten.
Ein Knstler fhrt fr kleine Kinder eine Geschichte auf.
Eine Frau mit einem orangefarbenen Schal hlt ein weies Handy in der Hand.
Eine Person repariert ein Fahrrad und vier andere Personen schauen zu.
Eine Asiatin trgt eine schwarze Abschlussmtze und -robe und lacht auf dem Rasen.
Zwei Mnner spielen Schach an einem Tisch aus grnen Kisten.
Ein Junge sitzt auf einem roten Stuhl und liest in einem Buch. Neben ihm stehen eine Gitarre und ein Verstrker.
Zwei Frauen gehen mit Campingausrstung durch eine Stadt.
Ein Mann mit einem grauen Hut spielt Geige.
Eine junge Frau in feierlicher Kleidung mit einem Sonnenschirm.
Ein junger Mann schttet Tee aus einer Kanne in ein Glas.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke ist von der Parade gelangweilt.
Ein junger Mann sitzt im Gras und repariert etwas.
Viele kleine Segelboote an eine Anlegestelle.
Ehemann und Frau gehen den Hgel hinaus zu einem Wasserloch.
Ein Mann mit einem Fes hlt auf einem Stadtplatz eine Tasse hoch.
Ein Afroamerikaner steht mit einer Schale Bananen auf seinem Kopf auf der Strae.
Zwei Mnne spielen Football an einem etwas trben Tag.
Eine Biene auf einer Blume.
Einige Personen gehen und andere sitzen an einer Straenecke.
Ein junger Vater in einer orangefarbenen Bauarbeiterweste hat seinen kleinen Sohn auf den Schultern, der eine passende Weste anhat.
Eine Frau und Kinder schaukeln auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Ein herrlicher Tag zum Fahrrad- und Motorradfahren sowie zum Grillen mit der Familie und mit Freunden.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Tisch und raucht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau arbeiten hart, um nach einem langen Tag sauber zu machen.
Ein Mann kratzt Farbe von einem Fenster.
Eine lachende Frau hlt eine rosafarbene sternfrmige Lampe ber den Kopf einer beschatteten Person im Vordergrund.
Zwei Kinder mit kahlen Kpfen, eines mit einem Gehstock, stehen auf der Strae.
Eine Frau in einem Showgirl-Kostm mit einem blau-wei gefederten Kopfschmuck geht mehreren Personen mit blauen Hemden voran.
Ein Mann auf der Strae isst im Gehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen auf einer Schaukel hoch ber einem Holzzaun.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann in der Kleidung eines Kochs greift nach einer Zeitschrift.
Die wunderschne Frau giet etwas in einene anderen Behlter.
Zwei Personen umarmen sich neben einer Gruppe Teenager.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke sitzt lesend an einem Tisch vor einem Restaurant.
Zwei Kinder sitzen inmitten der verschiedensten Speisen.
Ein einsamer Radfahrer fhrt an einem verzierten zweistckigen Gebude mit vielen Fenstern vorbei.
Ein Motorradfahrer macht einen Luftsprung und jemand im Hintergrund sieht zu.
Ein sehr dunkelhutiger Mann blickt von hinter dem Buffet in die Kamera.
Ein Mann geht auf der Strae an einem sitzenden Mann vorbei.
Ein alter Mann mit einem Bandana und einer Jeansschrze betrachtet einen Schrank in einer Werkstatt.
Dieser Gelndefahrer geniet das Rennen auf der Rennstrecke in Atlanta.
Eine Frau blickt durch die Sonnenbrille in die Kamera und hat eine Tasche und eine Tasse Kaffee in der Hand.
Ein Mdchen in roten Schuhen fhrt auf dem Brgersteig Skateboard.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und einem blauen Skateboard zeigt ein Kunststck.
Eine Frau geht an einem Gebude mit der Aufschrift Fisher's Popcorn vorbei.
Ein junger Mann steht in der Nhe seines Fahrrads vor einem Geschft mit dem Namen Sara's Old Fashioned Ice Cream.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil und mit Sonnenbrille hat eine Ttowierung auf dem Arm.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd repariert den Reifen eines purpurroten Fahrrads.
Ein Hund springt ber einen Haufen Baumstmme.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse und weien Schuhen telefoniert.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberfkrper auf einem weien Stuhl.
Mehrere Personen gehen unter einer groen Plakatwand eine Strae entlang.
Dieser kleine Junge geht in de Nhe einer Strae.
Ein junges Mdchen spielt Krocket und es lacht, weil sie gut spielt.
Mehrere Personen essen an Tischen vor einer Wand im Art-Deco-Stil.
Eine Dame kommt aus einem kurzen Tunnel, als ein Mann von der anderen Seite hineingeht.
Alte Menschen bilden auf einer Party einen Kreis.
Ein Mann mit einer dunklen Jacke, Hemd und Hose steht an einem Grill und hlt mit einer Hand den Deckel des Grills.
Auf diesem Foto machen Kinder verschiedene Dinge, unter anderem essen und posieren.
Vier Frauen rudern in Kanus mit Bambusstcken den Fluss hinunter. Am Ufer sind reetgedeckte Huser zu sehen.
Das Haar des Mdchens flattert beim Schaukeln hinter ihr.
Eine Frau in schwarzer Jeans und einem Bikini wirft am Strand ihre Hand in die Hhe.
Ein Mann geniet die Sonne in einem Park.
Eine Gruppe von Einkufern trotzt der Klte, whrend einer auf sein Lieblingsgeschft zeigt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau auf einem Roller.
Mehrere Tnzer in grnen Shirts halten sich in einem Kreis an den Hnden, eine Frau trgt eine weie Bluse.
Zwei Frauen mit schwarzen Hten stehen auf der Strae.
Das Sonnenlicht wirft lange vertikale Schatten auf den Rcken der Jeansjacke eines jungen Mdchens.
Drei Frauen in blauen und roten Outfits tragen ein Banner.
Vier Paare fhren in farbenfrohen grnen und weiene Kostmen einen Tanz vor.
Ein Mann bereitet das Essen zu und ein anderer sieht zu.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einem Mantel beobachtet nachts durch ein Teleskop den Himmel.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Hemd schaut durch ein Teleskop.
Mehrere Personen befinden sich auf einem Boot und eine davon lsst die Hosen herunter und zeigt Passanten den nackten Hintern.
Ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke beim Fischen auf einem Felsen.
Polizisten spannen gelbes Band von der Tr zu einem Baum, damit Zuschauer den Bereich nicht betreten knnen.
Mexikanische Notfallhelfer helfen dabei, einen Mann aus einem Unfallfahrzeug zu befreien.
Ein Feuerwehrmann in Uniform hlt einen roten Schlauch.
Zwei Mnner tragen ihre Tocher auf den Schultern.
Eine Person mit einem schwarzen Hut und einer Tasche mit dem Union Jack darauf geht auf einem Gehweg an einem alten Steingebude vorbei. Im Fenster mit dem grnen Rahmen steht mooch art.
Zwei Personen setzen sich auerhalb eines Glasgebudes.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und telefoniert mit dem Handy, whrend andere ber ihm ber einen bergang gehen.
Zuschauer betrachten die berreste nach einem Unfall zwischen einem roten und einem schwarzen Auto.
Medizinische Einsatzkrfte, Feuerwehrmnner und Polizisten am Ort eines Verkehrsunfalls.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit einer Axt im Hof.
Mehrere Feuerwehrmnner und Helfer bereiten sich darauf vor, ein Auto nach einem Unfall wieder aufzustellen.
Ein Windhund mit Maulkorb springt ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarz-weien Baseballmtze schaut in einen silberfarbenen Pontiac.
Eine Treppe, an deren Seite grne Pflanzen wachsen.
Eine Produktionscrew auf der Strae in der Nhe eines Deli.
Ein brauner Hund mit einer lilafarbenen Scheibe.
Ein Mann in einem orange-roten Hemd und hochgelegten Fen betrachtet zwei Monitore auf einem Schreibtisch mit einem Staples Easy-Aufkleber darauf.
Personen sitzen auf Sthlen auf einem von Bumen gesumten Gehweg.
Zwei Frauen stehen mit zwei Hunden auf offenem Feld, eine hlt einen Eimer, die andere eine Jacke.
Ein Arbeiter mit Hut kehrt auf der Strae Laub zusammen.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Brille und einem T-Shirt mit V-Ausschnitt trgt ein kleines Mdchen in gestreifter Hose kopfber.
Ein muskulser Herr geht mit einer Aktentasche die Strae entlang.
Eine sitzende Frau hat eine blau-wei gestreifte Bluse an.
Ein Mann steht hinter einer riesigen grnen Maschine.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem blauen Gartenstuhl und malt ein Bild von einem schwarzhaarigen Mann.
Kletterer und Wanderer in der Nhe eines Sees.
Ein Auto und viele Menschen stehen auf der Strae.
Ein Paar entspannt in einem Ruderboot auf einem Gewsser.
Eine ltere Frau in einem dunklen Mantel hlt einen Packen Papier fest.
Zwei kleine Mdchen essen Eiscreme.
Eine junge Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse geht in einer Stadt eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten ein Baby, das an einigen Holzmbeln vorbeigeht.
Der Asiate mit dem grnen Hut und der grn-orange-blauen Weste betrachtet etwas.
Eine Asiatin mit einer weien Schrze und einer Maske macht mit orangefarbenen Handschuhen ein Foto.
Ein Mann sitzt mit der Nhmaschine auf der Strae unter einem Schirm und ndert Kleider.
Drei Personen mit Schutzhelmen auf einem Gabelstapler.
Eine Frau fhrt auf einem Motorrad die Strae hinunter mit einer Person mit einem weien Helm.
Ein gehender Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug.
Vier Kinder berqueren die Strae, whrend ein Erwachsener die Strae entlangblickt.
Zwei Mnner in Westen beim Kampfsport.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Jacke tritt einen anderen Mann mit einer roten Jacke.
Mehrere Japaner sitzen in einem Caf und lesen.
Eine Frau in Grau und ein Junge in einem weien Shirt spielen am Boden.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd wartet, whrend die Polizei zwei Snowboardfahrer befragt.
Zwei Mnner trainieren Kampfsport und der Fu des einen Mannes befindet sich im Gesicht des anderen.
Eine Frau steht mit einem Mikrophon auf eine Bhne.
Ein blonde Frau singt in ein Mikrophon und zeigt mit der linken Hand das Zeichen fr OK.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten sich an einem Gelnder fest und blicken in die Ferne.
Ein verrgert aussehender Mann in einem grnen Hoodie der Seattle Seahawks lehnt an einem Gelnder.
Die Menschen genieen die Summer Concert Series.
Ein Mann mit Hut spielt Akustikgitarre mit einer Band bei einer Freiluftveranstaltung.
Eine Frau malt ein Zeichen auf eine blaue Ziegelwand.
Ein junger Mann in einer blauen Jacke hlt eine Statue ber seinen Kopf.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann mit einer rosa Kamera macht ein Foto von einem Rockkonzert.
Eine Band tritt bei der Summer Concert Series von Good Morning America auf.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke liest ein Buch und die Frau daneben liest eine Zeitschrift.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fahren mit der U-Bahn.
Ein Mann mit einem Karren geht an einer Wand voller Graffiti entlang.
Ein Weier speilt Schlagzeug.
Der Himmel glht in der Sonne in einem leuchtenden Gelb.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann auf einem Balkon hlt Seile fest.
Eine Gruppe Personen blickt zu einer ber das Wasser fhrenden Brcke.
Zwei junge Frauen schreiben neben einem Fahrrad Textnachrichten.
Die Menge flippt aus, als das Konzert zu Ende geht.
Ein Mann balanciert eine Papierlaterne auf seiner ausgestreckten Hand.
Zahlreiche Personen stehen auf einer Strae neben einem Schild.
Ein Mann mit einer Adidas-Sporttasche geht den Gehweg hinunter.
Ein alter Mann spielt ein Instrument im Regen.
Ein junges Mdchen steht in ihrem Kinderwagen auf dem Gras.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera und ein anderer Mann mit einem Kinderwagen stehen in einem eingezunten Bereich.
Drei Frauen in schwarzen Kleidern gehen die Strae entlang.
Eine bergewichtige Person mit Sandalen liest auf einer Bank eine Zeitschrift.
Ein Mann inmitten von Tellern mit Essen.
Diese drei Mdchen tragen Sommerkleider und spielen mit dem Hund im Gras.
Ein Taiwanese protestiert mit einem Schild gegen die Regierung.
Eine Frau in Jeans und einem blauen Oberteil liegt auf einem Baum.
Zwei Mdchen zeigen sich gegenseitig etwas.
Ein Geschft voller einkaufender Leute.
Eine Frau mit einem Schirm sitzt auf einer Steinbank.
Ein Mann kauert im Gras, um eine Foto von einer Blume zu machen. Eine schlanke Frau sieht ihm zu.
Musiker machen auf der Strae Musik.
Mehrere Personen stehen neben einer Nummer Neun, entweder um ein- oder auszusteigen.
Eine Frau in seltsamer Kleidung.
Ein Mann in Militrkleidung und seine zwei Tchter.
Zwei Personen fahren mit ihren Rdern im Stadtverkehr.
Ein kleiner dunkelhutiger Junge mit einem gestreiften Shirt, schwarzer kurzer Hose und schwarzen Gummistiefeln liegt auf einer Reihe gelber Straenabsperrungen.
Eine Frau in einem weien Outfit geht eine Treppe hinauf.
Ein Afroamerikaner kocht in einer professionell aussehenden Kche.
Ein lterer groer Mann macht Rast auf einer Bank. Sein Einkaufswagen steht in der Nhe.
Ein Mann betrachtet eine aus Karton ausgeschnittene Frau in einer Kche.
Ein Mann mit einem Stock geht auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Gruppe Teenager sitzt auf einer Treppe und beochtet eine Mann und eine Frau.
Eine Frau geht hinter zwei Brieftrgern her und lsst sich ins Gras fallen.
Ein afroamerikanischer Arbeiter schiebt Essen in einen Ofen und blickt dabei in die Kamera.
Ein Baby in Rosa sitzt in einem Kinderstuhl.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und mit einem roten Hut sitzt auf dem Gehweg und berhrt Trinkglser.
Eine braunhaarige Frau trinkt und hrt zu.
Zwei Jungen lcheln und hinter ihnen ist eine Frau mit einem Kinderwagen.
Zwei Frauen mit Handys in hellen Kleidern.
Unter den Motorrdern der Motorradfahrer ist auch eine blaue Harley.
Die Frau richtet sich die Schuhe, whrend der Mann auf sein Handy sieht.
Zwei Mdchen in Wei tanzen nachts im Freien.
Das Mdchen im grauen Shirt hat sehr dunkle Haare.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil und mit einer ungewhnlichen Kette sitzt an einem Tisch in einem Restaurant.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid und Capris breitet Fotos aus.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Bluse hat eine Einkaufstasche unter dem linken Arm.
Eine Frau in einer lila Bluse blickt in die Ferne.
Ein Mann findet den perfekten Platz, um auf einem Gehweg zu sitzen und zu rasten.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse geht neben einem ttowierten Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper.
Viel grnes Gras mit bauflligen Gebuden im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau in einer Jeansjacke ber einer Bluse am Kai.
Eine Frau mit einer sehr groen schwarzen Percke und riesiger Sonnenbrille hlt sich einen Spiegel vor das Gesicht.
Eine Frau steht vor diversen Dingen.
Ein Mdchen setzt sich und betrachtet etwas.
Ein Mann begleitet jemanden die Strae entlang.
Mehrere Menschen schlendern am Strand entlang mit einem Pier im Hintergrund.
Ein lterer Mann steht nachts im Freien.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters liest eine Gedenkttafel an einem Holzkreuz in einem Feld mit Maschendrahtzaun und Bumen.
Eine junge Sprhknstlerin arbeitet an einem Bild.
Ein Mann in einem weiene T-Shirt und mit Kopfhrer verwendet Sprhfarbe fr eine Wandmalerei.
Zwei Teenager sitzen am Kai und berprfen ihre Handys.
Mehrere Personen fahren Rad und gehen ber eine Strae in der Stadt.
Mehrere Personen warten darauf, nachts eine Strae zu berqueren.
Ein Surfer mit einem gelben Surfbrett und ein Hund gehen am Strand mit groen Felsen entlang.
Drei Damen in Kostmen gehen durch ein Einkaufszentrum.
Ein alter Mann und eine Frau im Gras zwischen einer Reihe amerikanischer Flaggen.
Eine Frau auf dem Gehweg hlt ein kleines Schild in der Hand.
Die Frau berprft ihr Gert, whrend sie die Strae entlangfhrt.
Ein Zaun trennt eine Frau mit einer roten Flagge von einem Polizisten.
Ein Mann geht durch eine geschftige Stadt und eine anderer Mann transportiert Waren auf einem Fahrrad.
Eine Frau und zwei Kinder bereiten einen Drachen vor.
Drei Frauen nehmen beim Ausgehen einen Drink.
Asiatische Personen stehen in einem Geschft.
Ein glcklich aussehender Mann spricht vor einem Backsteingebude in ein Mikrophon.
Ein lterer Knstler malt und sein sitzender Hund schaut zu.
Ein Mann in einem schwarz-wei karierten Hemd sitzt an einem Tisch in einem Restaurant und bestellt sich etwas zum Essen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd macht ein Foto.
Zwei Frauen gehen auf einen Hydranten mit einem Gesicht darauf zu.
Eine Frau in Schwarz und mit Schirm berquert die Strae.
Mehrere Frauen in Sportkleidung spielen Frisbee vor Zuschauern.
Ein golden bemalter Straenknstler steht bei einer golden bemalten, antiken Kamera. 
Ein Baseballspieler versucht, einen Lufer aus dem Spiel zu nehmen.
Eine Frau spielt beim Essen an ihrem Handy herum.
Eine Frau geht die Strae entlang und telefoniert mit ihrem Handy, whrend sie eine Tasse Kaffee in der Hand hlt.
Drei Mnner stehen nebeneinander und haben verschiedenfarbige Hemden an.
Ein Mann mit roter Brille und Locken steht auf einer stark befahrenen Strae.
Ein Mann geht einen engen Gehweg hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Pullover spielt Schlagzeug und schneidet dabei eine Grimasse.
Eine Person mit Rollerblades fhrt an einem Gelnder entlang. 
Ein Mann mit Rollerblades setzt sich in einem Skaterpark nieder.
Drei Personen gehen an einem Wandbild von einer Kuh vorbei.
Mehrere Personen in einem groen Raum mit wunderschnen architektonischen Elementen.
Eine Mutter und ihre zwei Tchter in einem Innenhof.
Die blinde Frau in der rosa Bluse spricht mit einem Mann vor dem Caf.
Eine Frau auf einer belebten Strae mit einem Kaffee von Starbucks.
Ein Mann in traditioneller Kleidung lacht ber eine Show.
Mehrere Personen gehen um Modelle eines Babyelephanten herum.
Ein Motorradfahrer im blau-rosa Anzug macht sich bereit fr das Rennen.
Ein Mann mit einer Mtze mit Schirmchen sitzt bei einer Palme hinter einer Gruppe Einkufer.
Ein Mann mit blauen Handschuhen und einer weien Jacke setzt sich.
Eine Frau geht mit einem angeleinten Hund Gassi.
Eine Person liegt im Freien und liest tagsber ein Buch.
Eine Frau nimmt an einem Rennen teil und die Zuschauer jubeln ihr zu.
Der Mann sitzt auf einer roten Treppe vor einem Haus mit roten Tren.
Zwei Personen gehen an einer Wand mit Graffiti entlang.
Ein schlanker und ein beleibter Mann auf einem Gehweg.
Eine Frau liegt drauen auf dem Bauch im Wasser.
Zwei junge Frauen sitzen auf den Stufen eines rustikalen Gebudes.
Ein Mann steht neben einem Polizeifahrzeug.
Ein junger Mann in einem grauen Shirt seht lchelnd vor einem Haus aus Baumstmmen.
Mehrere Personen sitzen an Tischen, whrend ein Mann in eine Mikrophon spricht.
Eine Kreuzung in der Stadt mit einem Mann auf einem Fahrrad und dem Geschft SWATCH an der Ecke.
Eine geschtige Strae mit Einkufern auf dem Nachhauseweg.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd steht vor der U-Bahnstation.
Ein Baseballspieler spielt den Ball.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd sitzt auf einem blauen Sitz.
Eine Frau in Jeans mit einem Regenschirm.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und weier kurzer Hose geht hinter einem Mann in einem weien Hemd.
Mehrere asiatische Personen in einem Zug.
Mehrere Personen sitzen auf Sitzen bei einem kleinen Tisch mit Getrnken.
Eine Frau blickt von einem hohen Aussichtspunkt ber den ruhigen blauen Ozean.
Ein brauner Hund springt ber eine Kette.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einer Treppe neben der Nummer Fnf.
Ein Mann in einem grauen T-Shrit trinkt ein Red Stripe-Bier und unterhlt sich dabei mit einem anderen Mann in einem blauen Hemd mit Knpfen.
Die Frau trgt eine Bluse mit Blumendruck.
Auf diesem Foto sind ein Mann und eine Frau beim Schlittschuhfahren zu sehen.
Einige ltere Mnner und Frauen sitzen auf Metallklappsthlen und hren aufmerksam zu.
Eine riesige Menschenmenge, alle mit Regenschirmen.
Vier Mnner in grnen Uniformen fegen nach einer Parade die Strae.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf Didgeridoos an einer Feuerstelle. Ein Siberian Husky liegt auf einem Sofa.
Ein Angestellter der Mllabfuhr arbeitet jeden Tag hart.
Eine Frau steht vor einer Wand mit Graffiti.
Ein lchelnder Knstler kniet auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann in einem hellblauen Hemd macht etwas an seinem Boot. Sein Hut liegt rechts von ihm.
Eine Gruppe Personen bei einem Klassentreffen unterhlt sich ber eine sehr wichtiges Thema.
Ein Mann in Khakis und einem blauen Hemd spricht vor Publikum in ein Mikrophon.
Ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten sich auf einem Seminar.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einer blauen Kapuzenjacke und mit einem karierten Hut steht mit verschrnkten Armen vor einem Stadtgebude.
Ein grauer Labradoodle springt ber einen anderen groen Hund.
Drei Mnner sitzen und einer steht hinten auf einem Fahrzeug.
Der Mann in der roten kurzen Hose hat eine Ttowierung am Bein.
Zwei Kinder lehnen an einer Backsteinwand im Sonnenlicht.
Sie geht an der wunderschnen blauen Wandmalerei vorbei.
Ein Mann mit Brille, einem Bier und Feuer.
Eine Araberin wird von der Presse interviewt.
Ein gelbes Taxi fhrt ber die Brcke mit riesigen Gebuden im Hintergrund.
Ein alter Mann spielt Girarre.
Zwei junge Frauen halten Hndchen bei einem Baum.
Ein Mannequin in Frauenunterwsche erhlt Anweisungen.
Ein Mann ldt bei einer Statue Sand ab. Die groe Statue zeigt eine sitzende Frau in einem roten Kleid mit einer Flasche in der Hand.
Mehrere Personen essen etwas in einem Restaurant.
Eine Kreuzung vierer gleichrangiger Straen mit drei Autos, einem Radfahrer und zwei Fugngern.
Ein Mann auf dem Gehweg.
Zwei Mnner  einer in einem roten Hemd und schwarzer Hose und der andere in Wei  spielen Basketball vor einem Backsteingebude.
Ein Feuerwehrmann auf einem Feuerwehrfahrzeug.
Ein Pferd in einer Arena hat seinen Reiter vor dem Publikum auf den Rngen abgeworfen.
Viele Leute durchstreifen Chinatown, eventuell wegen einer Veranstaltung.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem schwarz-roten Kleid runzelt die Stirn.
Ein Mann verkauft Luftballons auf einem Brgersteig.
Eine groe Menschenmenge kommt eine Treppe herauf, als sie einen Raum mit orientalischer Schrift an der Decke verlsst.
Personen auf etwas wie einer Tagesmesse.
Ein Mann in einem blau gestreiften Hemd und Jeans geht zusammen mit einer Frau in einer braunen Bluse ber die Strae.
Ein groer Mann mit zwei rothaarigen Babys auf dem Scho.
Eine Gruppe von Personen neben einem Schild mit einer Aufschrift und einem gelben Straenschild.
Ein dunkelhutiger kleiner Junge mit Kopfhrer.
Vier Personen auf einer roten Brcke mit einem darber fhrenden Rohr, manche gehen und andere stehen.
Eine Frau mit geraden blonden Haaren telefoniert mit dem Handy.
Eine ffentliche Versammlung, hauptschlich bestehend aus Personen afrikanischer Abstammung.
Vier Mnner stehen drauen in der Nhe der Ladeflche eines weien Lasters.
Eine Mdchengruppe an einem Tisch voller Stoff.
Polizeifahrzeuge aus den 1950er Jahren.
Eine blonde Frau in einem verzierten blauen Kleid bedeckt ihr Gesicht mit der Hand.
Ein Mann verwendet Hammer und Meiel zur Herstellung von Skulpturen.
Eine Strae in Europa mit Mnnern auf ihren Motorrdern.
Zwei Mnner in einem gelben Penske.
Eine Person in Schwarz lehnt im silbrigen Sonnenlicht an einem Gebude.
Ein brtiger Mann in Riemenschuhen unterhlt sich an einem sonnigen Tag mit einer Frau.
Vier Mnner in der Stadt auf ihren Motorrdern bilden den Mittelpunkt des Bilds.
Ein altes Prchen geht Hndchen haltend eine Gasse entlang.
Junge Frauen arbeiten an ihren Computern und lernen und entspannen zur gleichen Zeit.
Zwei Mnner bereiten ihren Getrnkestand vor.
Ein blonde Frau in einem blauen Oberteil wirft einen Blick auf eine unbekannte Figur vor der Kamera.
Drei Frauen gehene auf der Strae an einem Poster vorbei.
Ein Mann in kurzer Hose und mit einer umgedrehten Mtze besprht die Auenwand eines Gebudes.
Zwei Personen  eine sitzt und eine steht  vor einem Graffiti.
Zwei Boxer decken sich gegenseitig mit Schlgen ein.
Ein Mann zieht einen Schubkarren voller Ziegel.
Eine Frau mit schwarzen Hut und schwarzer Bluse steht vor einem Red Bull-Auto.
Eine brnette Frau in einer blauen Bluse ruft in einem Geschft einen Kunden aus.
Ein Fahrradfahrer mit einem grnen Rucksack und Helm fhrt durch die Straen.
Mehrere Personen blicken ber einen Sims.
Ein Mann in einer Militruniform schaut durch ein Mikroskop, whrend ein kahlkpfiger Mann in einem weien Mantel zusieht.
Drei kleine Kinder auf einem offenen Feld blicken zum Himmel empor.
Die Frau in dem schwarzen Kleid mit Blumen macht ein Foto im Kunstmuseum.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Anzug geht den Gehweg hinunter.
Eine Frau in einer grnen Bluse schaukelt und hat nur einen Schuh an.
Ein Lehrer unterrichtet die Schler im Klassenzimmer.
Zwei weibliche Arbeitskrfte mit Hten servieren Essen.
Diese Person klettert die Flanke eines Berges hinauf.
Die Mnner in den langen Gewndern fhren eine Show auf.
Ein Bergsteiger erklimmt einen Berg.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Bluse malt eine Bild von zwei Fenstern mit grnen Rolllden.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut macht Fotos im Liegen.
Eine Person liegt auf einem orangefarbenen Tuch vor einer riesigen Werbetafel.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd steht neben einem Auto auf der Strae.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Pizzeria mit Schachteln davor.
Ein Mann in einem bunten Batik-Shirt geht an einem Nagelstudio vorbei.
Mehrere Personen in Berufskleidung sitzen in der Innenstadt beisammen.
Mehrere Personen versammeln sich nachts im Freien.
Ein Mann in einem leuchtend gelben Shirt steht vor einem leuchten gelben Gebude in der Nhe eines Mnzfernsprechers mit einem leuchtend gelben Hrer.
Ein Afroamerikaner steht vor einer Feuerwache in Harlem, NY.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd steht vor einem Bekleidungsgeschft.
Ein Radfahrer blickt im Verkehr nach rechts.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Kleid und mit einer schwarzen Geldbrse fhrt auf einem Roller die Strae entlang.
Ein lterer Mann in einem karierten Hemd in einem Restaurant.
Bauarbeiter schauen von der Spitze eines Gebudes herab, whrend zwei weitere von einem Kran in einem Korb herabgelassen werden.
Eine Frau trinkt bei einem Freiluftkonzert Bier.
Mehrere Personen mit farbenfrohen Flaggen.
Personen mit schwarzen Hten in der Innenstadt.
Eine junge Frau springt in die Luft und im Hintergrund ist das amerikanische Kapitol zu sehen.
Mehrere Personen fahren auf motorisierten Rollern die Strae entlang.
Mehrere Personen sitzen am Boden und sehen einem kleinen Jungen und einem Mann bei etwas zu.
Mehrere Personen entfernen sich von einem bunten Turm.
Drei junge Mnner sehen sich auf einer Grobildleinwand ein Tennisspiel an.
Ein Mann schneidet im Freien Essen auf einem Tisch.
Ein Mann in einem roten Hemd und mit einem Stock bestellt auf einem Markt etwas zum Essen.
Eine Frau mit einem Getrnk geht die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und mit einer Ttowierung sitzt in einem Eisstand voller Bilder mit Leckereien.
Ein Mann liest auf einem Gehweg ein Buch, whrend eine Frau wartet und andere Fugnger vorbeigehen.
Ein Polizist spricht mit mehreren Mnnern auf einer stark befahrenen Strae.
Eine Frau in einem rosafarbenen Kleid sitzt auf einem Fahrrad.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Bluse sitzt mit ihrem Notebook, Stift und Laptop an einem Tisch.
Der frhere Gouverneur von New Mexico, Bill Richardson, hlt eine Rede im Nahen Osten.
Ein Mann mit einem weien Hut, Sonnenbrille und dunklem Hemd spricht in ein Mikrophon.
Ein groer Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd neben einem Polizisten entfernt sich von einem Mann in einem blauen Hemd mit Rucksack.
Eine Frau singt in einem weien Lastwagen und Menschen hren ihr zu.
Eine Gruppe Menschen protestiert in einer Stadt.
Eine Frau mit einer Kopfbedeckung und traditioneller Kleidung liest mit einem Mikrophon in der Hand etwas vor.
Eine Gruppe teilt ihre politischen Ansichten mit.
Ein kleines kind mit einem Helm lchelt, whrend der Vater hinter seinem Rcken etwas einstellt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd be- oder entldt einen blauen Honda.
Mehrere Personen mit Hten warten auf dem Gehweg.
Mehrere Menschen nahstlicher Abstammung marschieren protestierend durch die Straen.
Zahlreiche Personen nehmen an einer paradenhnlichen Aktivitt teil.
Ein Mann in einem Restaurant wird durch ein Fenster betrachtet.
Mehrere Mnner und Frauen protestieren gegen Israel, whrend sie von einem Mann in einem blauen Hemd beschimpft werden.
Eine marschierende Menschenmenge.
Eine Band spielt vor einer berschaubaren Zuschauerzahl ein Konzert.
Drei Personen sitzen und warten.
Zwei Mnner mit ihren Instrumenten auf dem Rcken stehen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Fotograph macht ein Foto von einem prunkvollen Gebude.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann stehen vor einem Bild von Cher.
Mehrere Personen stehen in einer Schlange vor einem Eiswagen.
Zwei Personen auf der anderen Straenseite rangeln miteinander im Regen.
Mehrere Personen sitzen an einem felsigen Strand.
Ein Polizist mit chirurgischer Maske steht vor einer Gruppe Mdchen in Uniform.
Personen gehen in einer menschenleeren Gegend eine Strae entlang.
Ein Motorradfahrer hlt an einem leeren Fugngerberweg an und in der Strae neben ihm sind 30 oder 40 Motorrder und Fahrrder abgestellt.
Drei Arbeiter arbeiten nachts.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd liest Zeitung.
Ein Prchen geniet die Landschaft, whrend sie von einem Fotographen auf Film festgehalten wird.
Ein bewlkter Tag in der Stadt ndert nichts daran, dass die Gehwege von Mnnern und Frauen bevlkert werden.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen modelliert Gummistiefel.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Baseballmtze und Jerseys steht neben einem alten Auto und gafft einer jungen Blondine nach.
Ein Geschftsmann in einem braunen Anzug schlft auf dem Gehweg in der Nhe eines Gebudes.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Helm auf einem Zweirad nahe der Strae mit fahrenden Autos.
Zwei Frauen in schwarzen T-Shrits sitzen im Gras.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem rmellosen Oberteil wird von einer Frau festgehalten.
Ein Mann hilft einem kleinen Mdchen mit Rucksack ber die Strae.
Eine rothaarige Frau geht einen von Bumen gesumten Weg entlang, gefolgt von einem gescheckten Hund.
Ein Mdchen in einer weien Jacke verkauft Gebck aus einer Schachtel.
Ein Mann in einem babyblauen Arbeitshemd telefoniert mit dem Handy auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Oberteil und blauer Hose beim Joggen.
Eine ttowierte Frau mit berdimensioniertem Grtel lchelt, whrend im Hintergrund eine weitere Frau steht.
Ein Mann mit Brille trgt ein T-Shirt mit Aufschrift.
Zwei dunkelhutige Mnner in schwarzen Mnteln werden von einer Frau betrachtet, als sie die Strae entlanggehen.
Eine Menschenmenge in einem Outdoor-Bereich.
Ein Mann in einem trkisen Overall mit einem Apfel in der Hand blickt ber eine Klippe.
Zwei sitzende Personen mit Hten und Sonnenbrillen.
Ein braunhaariger Mann spielt Schlagzeug.
Eine Frau auf einer hellen Strae spielt Geige.
Ein Prchen geht ber einen Platz mit vielen Menschen.
Eine Gruppe Menschen in einer Station.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse und kurzer Hose geht durch einen Brunnen.
Ein rauchender Mann hlt die Leine eines Hundes und steht neben einer Frau mit Sonnenbrille.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid und ein Kerl in Jeans gehen gemeinsam in eine Art Geschft.
Eine langhaarige Frau auf einem Fahrrad betrachtet ein Kind.
Ein kleines Mdchen an einem Zaun telefoniert scheinbar mit einem Handy.
Ein Mann mit einem karierten Hut sitzt auf einem Gartenstuhl und liest eine Zeitschrift.
Eine Frau in dunkler Kleidung und mit einem Pferdeschwanz geht an einem Metallzaun nahe einer Bushaltestelle vorbei.
Eine junge Frau geht alleine durch einen Busbahnhof.
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid steht neben einem groen Baum.
Ein lterer Herr bereitet sich auf den Abschlag eines Golfballs vor.
Ein Mann in einem dunkelblauen Hemd und mit Hut und Brille neben einem Taxi.
Ein Mann in einem roten karierten Kilt vor vorbeigehenden Kindern.
Eine Frau in einem roten Rock mit Blumenmuster geht die Strae entlang.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Hut beim Angeln.
Ein silberfarbenes Auto fhrt an einem Hotel vorbei, vor dem Leute stehen.
Zwei Frauen lachen auf der Strae.
Einige Personen sitzen auf einer Reling oberhalb eines Sees.
Eine junge Frau geht eine belebte Strae hinunter.
Ein Mdchen in Uniform steht auf einem Gehweg und hat etwas rot-blaues in der Hand.
Diese zwei Frauen haben Spa im Giorgio's.
Zwei Hunde haben ihre Kpfe in einem Loch und die Schwnze sind gerade aufgestellt.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge isst Pizza.
Eine Asiatin hat ein groes blau-weies Rohr in der Hand und sieht einer anderen Frau nach, die in einem roten Bus vorbeifhrt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Shirt wirft eine Axt.
Eine stark befahrene Strae in einem asiatischen Land, wobei das Gebude von Seiko dominiert.
Zwei kleine Jungen am Tisch spielen ein Spiel.
Zwei kleine Kinder schlafen auf dem Sofa.
Eine Gruppe darstellender Knstler nimmt an einer kleinen Parade teil.
Ein Junge in Europa spielt in Berlin, der Hauptstadt Deutschlands, mit dem Ball.
Zwei Mnner mit Ruckscken betrachten Damenunterwsche in einem Schaufenster.
Eine ltere Frau lehnt am Balkongelnder eines Wohnhauses. Sie blickt auf eine Straenlampe hinab.
Ein Hund luft durch die Brandung des Ozeans.
Eine Frau in Unterwsche auf einem Kissen wird von Mnnern angestarrt.
Zwei modisch gekleidete Mdchen stehen auf einem Brgersteig vor einigen Fahrrdern.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer roten Schwimmweste schwimmt in einem Pool.
Zwei junge Mdchen marschieren in einem Umzug.
Eine U-Bahn-Szene mit einem blauen Zug, der durch den Bahnhof fhrt, whrend Fahrgste gehen und warten.
Die Kreuzfahrer marschieren entlang der Strae.
Ein Mann in einem beigefarbenen Hemd hockt neben einigen geschnittenen Steinen in einer Strae.
Ein Auto mit groen vollen Taschen auf dem Dach.
Eine Frau luft vor einer gestreiften Wand.
Ein Mann fhrt Jet-Ski auf dem Ozean.
Ein Paar in einer Stadt, die von Touristen besucht wird, aber sie sind unglcklich.
Ein Mann luft neben einem anderen Mann mit einem Regenschirm.
Ein Mann bemalt das Gesicht eines anderen bei einem Outdoor-Event.
Ein Paar ksst sich im Freien, whrend ein anderes Paar zusieht.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und Jeans spaziert am Meer.
Die stdtischen Straenbahnen an einem sonnigen Tag.
Ein Mann mit einem Panama-Hut und Fliegerbrille unterhlt sich mit einem anderen Mann in einem grauen Sakko und Jeans.
Eine Straenansicht mit Autos und Gebuden.
Ein junges blondes Mdchen sieht unsicher aus, whrend sie bunte Vgel im Freien fttert.
Ein kleines Mdchen lchelnd mit einer bunten Strickmtze.
Ein Mann macht ein Foto einer Brcke ber den Fluss bei Sonnenuntergang.
Eine Gruppe von Arbeitern betrachtet einen deutlichen Schaden an einer Stadtstrae.
Die Menschen versammeln sich auerhalb eines Gebudes, in dem 'Love Story' aufgefhrt wird.
Eine Frau und ein Kind machen eine Figur aus Papier.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und eine Frau in einem roten Hemd tanzen im Freien und sind von vielen Menschen umgeben.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen betrachtet Waren auf einem Tisch.
Ein Mdchen im bunten Top und High Heels tanzt
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd malt etwas im Freien.
Ein Mann hlt einen Jungen, der ein Tier betrachtet, und eine Frau hlt ein Mdchen.
Ein schwarz-weier Hund rennt durch ber ein Feld mit Khen.
Die Vorderseite eines Schnellimbiss in einem Park.
Eine Frau malt etwas auf das Gesicht eines kleinen Mdchens.
Ein Mann in einem rtlichen, rostfarbenen Mantel trgt einen groen Holzpfahl.
Eine Gruppe Asiaten spielt Volleyball
Eine Frau mit orangefarbenen Schuhen raucht und liest auf einer Parkbank.
Ein alter Asiate steht in der Tr eines Gebudes.
Ein Mann in einer khaki-farbenen Jacke und Kappe geht die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd geht auf dem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut geht und trgt eine Stange mit einem Haken am Ende in der einen Hand und eine groe Aluminiumdose in der anderen.
Carnival Barker steht vor einem Zirkuszelt.
Schne Stadtszene mit einem klaren blauen Himmel, drei alten Gebuden und einer schmalen Strae mit Eisenbahnschienen.
Fnf Soldaten halten und zielen mit ihren Waffen.
Ein Soldat steht neben einer Wand und feuert seine Waffe ab.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen schauen von einem Boot aus auf das Wasser.
Eine Person in diesem Bild mit einem Schutzhelm und einem Funkgert in der Hand wartet offenbar auf Anweisungen.
Ein Soldat kniet neben seinem unter einer Brcke gepanzertem Fahrzeug.
Vier Menschen in Feuerwehranzgen und Helmen spritzen Wasser hinter eine Betonwand.
Ein geduckter Soldat in grner Kleidung hlt eine Waffe.
Zwei Feuerwehrleute lschen einen Brand auf einer Mllhalde.
Ein Soldat spht aus dem Turm seines Panzers.
Der junge Mann mit einem weien Sweatshirt geht von einem weien Acura weg.
Ein zwei Mnner gehen zusammen einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann und eine Frau prfen die frischen Produkte in einem Supermarkt.
Frau in einem rosafarbenen Hemd und einem schwarzen Rock geht auf der Strae.
Ein alter Mann schiebt einen Einkaufswagen in einem Schuhgeschft.
Ein Mann geht die Strae herunter und trgt einen Mllbeutel.
Zwei Mdchen auf einem gepflasterten Brgersteig in einem stdtischen Umfeld.
Ein kleines Baby in einem blauen Outfit greift nach einer Frucht.
Eine Gruppe von Soldaten mit Gewehren vor einem gepanzerten Fahrzeug.
Drei Mnner in Militruniformen halten Gewehre.
Zwei junge Soldaten in Tarnanzgen mit automatischen Waffen.
Ein Vollzugsbeamter betrachtet ein Gewehr in Thailand.
Eine junge Frau steht auf dem Deck eines Bootes und schaut whrend der Fahrt auf ihr Handy.
Eine Frau mit einem Blumenhut sitzt hinter einem Mann am Pier.
Die Feuerwehrmnner auf dem Bild machen sich bereit, ihre Ausrstung einzusetzen.
Feuerwehrmnner richten den Wasserschlauch in ein Feuer.
4 Feuerwehrmnner mit einem Feuerwehrschlauch lschen ein Feuer.
Streitkrfte zu Fu in einem mit Mll bersten Gebiet.
Feuerwehrmnner lschen einen schwelenden Schutthaufen mit Wasser.
Zwei Soldaten suchen Schutz hinter einigen Leitplanken.
Eine Gruppe von Soldaten und Soldatinnen luft mit Gewehren die Strae hinunter.
Frau mit Regenschirm auf einem Fahrrad hinter einem spazierenden Paar, bei dem einer den Regenschirm hlt
Eine alte Dame steht neben einem antiken Artikel in einem Kleid.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einer Webstuhl-artigen Vorrichtung.
Ein Mann in weier Kleidung hngt Fden an eine Stange aus Bambus.
Vier ttowierte Frauen halten kleine Flaggen.
Eine groe Menschengruppe hat sich auf einem Hof versammelt, einige liegen auf Matten.
Ein weier Mann spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Hund beit in einem Gegenstand, der von einer Person hingehalten wird.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen im Freien.
Viele weie Menschen stehen hinter Fahnen und einem Banner neben groen grauen Gebuden.
Eine Person spinnt Baumwolle zu einem Gewebe.
Menschen zu Fu in einer Stadtstrae und ein Mann hlt eine gelbe Flagge.
Eine Gruppe von vier Menschen sitzt auf einer Steinmauer.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern steht auf eine Bhne, hlt gelbe Glocken und zeigt auf etwas.
Zwei Arbeiter in grner Kleidung schauen einander an.
Eine Gruppe kaukasischer Mnner und Frauen aus den 70er- oder 80er-Jahren sitzen und diskutieren.
Groe Menschenmenge an einem Ereignis in Birmingham.
Ein Clown mit einer gelben Percke und bunten Hemd und Hosentrgern hlt einen orangefarbenen Ballon in beiden Hnden, whrend ein Kind mit einem schwarzen Hut zuschaut.
Eine Menschenmenge und einem ihr zugewandten Mann, der auf sein Telefon schaut.
Ein Mann mit zwei Broschren steht in einer belebten Strae in New York.
Zwei Frauen haben Spa in der offenen Landschaft eines Parks.
Menschen zu Fu in einer Parade, andere Leute schauen zu.
Darsteller in bunten Outfits stehen auf einer Bhne.
Ein Junge mit einem roten Rucksack und einem blauen Hemd betrachtet die Landschaft eines historischen Wahrzeichens.
Zwei Frauen halten eine rot-weie Flagge, whrend zwei andere Frauen zuschauen.
Eine groe Gruppe in rot-wei und schwarz stellt etwas auf einer Bhne dar.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen stellt etwas auf einer Bhne dar.
Eine Gruppe von Personen hlt weie Fahnen mit roten Kreuzen.
Ein Mann hlt eine Rede auf einer Bhne.
Eine Frau in einem blaugrnen Kleid steht vor einer Frau in einem lila Kleid mit einem weien Spitzenkragen.
Menschen, einige davon in Uniform, marschieren auf einer Strae.
Zwei Asiatinnen stehen neben einem Tisch mit Lebensmitteln.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen rennt durch einen baumreichen Park.
Unter einem JP Morgan-Transparent wird auf einer Strae in der Stadt ein Marathonlauf gestartet.
Ein Polizeibeamter schaut bei einem Marathonlauf zu.
Ein Mann ist mit seinen kleinen Shnen im Freien und ksst einen von ihnen, whrend der andere spielt.
Eine Gruppe von Campern bereitet am Seeufer Essen zu und grillt
Eine sprlich bekleidete junge Frau schiebt auf einem Wanderweg ein Mountainbike an einem Gewsser entlang.
Ein junger Mensch fhrt auf einem Skateboard an dem bunten Wandgemlde am Gebude vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd spielt auf einer Bhne Saxofon.
Hunderte von Menschen laufen bei einem Marathon durch eine Stadt.
Viele Wachleute stehen vor der Startlinie eines Wettrennens.
Eine riesige Menschenmenge wartet mitten in der Stadt.
Eine Menschengruppe steht um eine lange Bananenreihe herum.
Ein Mann luft an einem Reinigungstrupp vorbei.
Ein Arzt mit Maske und Brille fhrt eine Operation durch.
Groer Beleuchtungskrper in einem Operationssaal, in dem viel Betrieb ist.
Die rzte versuchen dringend, die undichte Herzklappe zu reparieren.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem weien Raum inmitten verschiedenster Gertschaften, die wissenschaftlich aussehen.
Vier Mnner und eine Frau sitzen an einem Tisch, whrend auf der Mauer im Hintergrund ein Rad steht.
Drei Mnner in OP-Kittel operieren einen Patienten.
Eine examinierte OP-Schwester im blauen OP-Kittel berprft vor einer Operation die Einstellungen an den Gerten.
Zwei Frauen mit Cowboyhten gehen mit Einkaufstaschen einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann mit Hut sitzt an einem von mehreren Tischen in einem abgeschirmten Zelt und schaut auf die Menschen, die drauen vorbergehen.
Drei Menschen gehen an einem Strand spazieren.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hemd und Mikrofon fhrt bei einer Veranstaltung etwas vor.
Zwei kleine Hunde sitzen bei einem Baum.
Ein Mann mit beginnender Glatze lsst sich an einer Straenecke die Schuhe putzen.
Ein Paar sitzt im Park bei einem kleinen Wasserfall.
Einige Menschen gehen eine Treppe beim Wasser hinauf.
Drei Chirurgen operieren einen Patienten.
Ein rztlicher Behandlungsraum mit einem blau gekleideten Mann.
Eine Person befindet sich einem Operationssaal.
Zwei Mnner in OP-Kitteln fhren in einem OP eine Operation durch.
Ein Operationssaal voller rzte und Krankenschwestern.
Eine Gruppe von Chirurgen, die OP-Kittel tragen, fhrt eine Operation durch.
Eine Frau sitzt im Gras und hlt ein Baby im Arm
Medizinisches Personal verfolgt auf einem Videomonitor einen medizinischen Eingriff.
Der Arzt betrachtet vor der Operation ein Bild.
Eine Gruppe von Medizinern fhrt in einem Operationssaal eine Operation durch.
rzte mit Schutzkleidung fhren eine Operation durch.
Ein Mann wartet auf die rztliche Anweisung, in der Chirurgie einen Krebspatienten zu operieren.
Einige Touristen besichtigen ein Wahrzeichen.
Der braunweie Hund trgt einen Stock in seinem Maul.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse steht vor einer Menge von sitzenden Kindern.
Musik kann mit Blasinstrumenten, durch Blasinstrumente erzeugt werden, die bei verschiedenen Vlker berall auf der Welt beliebt sind.
Blick ber eine Strae mit einem Schild mit der Aufschrift Welcome to Golden, das ber Geschften hngt.
Zwei Mnner machen einen Luftsprung fr ein Foto.
Ein Hund schwimmt mit einem Stock im Maul.
Indische Frauen in bunten Saris reden miteinander und sichten Material, whrend direkt neben ihnen ein Kind sitzt.
Ein Mann mit Hut dreht sich um und schaut sich Karten an.
Ein kleiner Junge, der ein T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift Gidday trgt, schaut nach oben zum Himmel und isst dabei gensslich einen Snack.
Ein nackter Cowboy fotografiert zwei Damen.
Ein Schlsselbund im Schloss eines geffneten Kastens an einem Pfosten im Freien.
Ein Mdchen schaut in ein Wasserbecken unter einem Springbrunnen hinab.
Zwei Hunde mit rosa Fell sind angeleint.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbenem Rucksack in einer Buschlandschaft.
Auf dieser belebten Strae in Asien sind viele Menschen.
Auf einer belebten Strae, auf der sich berall etliche Menschen aufhalten, stehen Fahrrder aufgereiht.
Einige Personen stehen drauen vor Geschften in einer Stadt in Asien.
Eine Ansammlung junger Frauen auf einem orientalischen Markt.
Zwei Mnner, einer davon mit mehreren Ttowierungen an Schulter und Oberarm, gehen auf einem mit Kaugummis bersten Gehweg.
Ein Mann in Sportkleidung hlt im Laufen eine Wasserflasche fest.
Ein Wanderer steht auf einer Anhhe und blickt in die Ferne.
In Italien sind die Straen voller Menschen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau betreten ein Restaurant mit chinesischer Beschilderung.
Zwei Frauen liegen buchlings in der Sonne.
Ein Mann in einem Ledermantel wartet zusammen mit einem zweiten Mann an einer Bushaltestelle.
Zwei Asiatinnen sitzen im Schatten unter einem Baum.
Fugnger gehen auf einer belebten Strae in einer Stadt in Asien und sind dabei von hinten zu sehen.
Eine Personengruppe wartet in einem Bahnhof.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt, an eine Wand gelehnt, neben seinen Schuhen und seiner Jacke.
Ein lchelndes junges Paar bummelt Arm in Arm eine Strae in Paris entlang.
Ein langhaariger Typ mit dickem Bauch geht rasch an einem Wandbild vorber, das ein wtend aussehendes Mdchen zeigt.
Eine Menge versammelt sich um ein Revuegirl mit weiem Kopfschmuck.
Zwei irgendwie feindselige Hunde mit ihren Besitzerinnen, die vor einem Schild von Times Realty sitzen.
Menschen schauen neben einem groen Gebude aus Stein auf etwas herunter.
Ein Mann im blauen T-Shirt berlegt, welches Buch er wohl gerne kaufen wrde.
Ein junger Mann sitzt an einem Brunnen und telefoniert.
Viele Leute in roten Trikots gehen eine Strae in der Stadt entlang und unterhalten sich.
Ein Paar geht nachts eine von Leuchtreklame beleuchtete Strae entlang.
Ein junger Mann auf einem Skateboard vor einer Imbissbude.
Eine Frau mit Kinderwagen geht auf eine Gruppe junger Mnner zu.
Drei Kinder spielen auf einem grnen Kissen mit einem gelben Spielzeug.
Viele Radfahrer und andere Leute auf einer Strae
Drei junge Mdchen, die Kleider tragen, gehen eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann im karierten Hemd blst in ein Horn.
Eine Frau geht mit einem kleinen Mdchen an der Hand ber eine Brcke.
Ein Mann liest Zeitung und trinkt dabei etwas.
Zwei kleine Jungs versuchen, mit Schwimmbrettern schwimmen zu lernen.
Ein Kind spielt in einem Schwimmbecken mit klarem Wasser.
Ein alter Mann mit Anzug, Krawatte und Kapitnsmtze steht mit rgerlichem Gesichtsausdruck inmitten einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau steht auf einem Brgersteig vor einem Fugngerbergang.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann geht auf einem Bahnsteig an einem Plakat vorbei.
Einige Menschen an einer Wasserflche, die ringsum von Lichtern umgeben ist.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem Gehgestell geht vor einer bunten Mauer entlang, auf der vielerlei passiert.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Mobiltelefon steht unter einem Straenschild.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blauen Fausthandschuhen geht ber einen Holzsteg.
Eine Frau und ein Mann spielen Gitarre, whrend eine braunhaarige Frau telefoniert.
Eine Person in einem Zimmer inspiziert irgendwelche Gertschaften.
Mehrere langhaarige Frauen in Minikleidern gehen gemeinsam.
Ein Mann steht in einer offenen Tr, whrend ein anderer Mann durch einen Raum luft, der sich in einem schlechten Zustand befindet.
Die Dame in der weien Hose hlt sich die Hand vor den Mund.
Ein Mann mit blauer Kappe und blauem Sweatshirt spricht in ein Mikrofon, whrend ein Mann ohne Hemd lacht.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einem Marktstand mit Gemse; daneben sind die Preise angegeben.
Da sind viele Familien, die in einem Park verschiedene Waren verkaufen, darunter auch Kleidung.
Ein Paar in Kimonos geht einen schattigen Weg in Japan entlang.
Ein Mann mit roter Weste schaut einen Mann im orangefarbenen T-Shirt an, der einen Spiegel hlt.
Zwei Mnner lehnen sich im Freien an eine Ziegelmauer.
Ein lterer dunkelhutiger Mann spielt auf einer Strae in der Stadt auf einer E-Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit blauer Jacke steht auf einem Markt.
Eine ganz in Wei gekleidete Frau mit hochhackigen Schuhen geht vor einer Mauer entlang, die mit einem Wandbild versehen ist.
Eine lachende Frau in violettem Trikot nimmt an einem Wettlauf teil.
Zwei Leute gehen die Stufen zu drei grnen, miteinander verbundenen Statuen hoch.
Ein Mann fhrt Zuschauern sein Gert vor.
Die Frauen schauen sich den schnen Schmuck an.
Zwei aneinandergekettete Frauen, von denen eine ein rotes Kleid und die andere eine blaue Bluse trgt.
Jemand fhrt vor einem violetten Bus auf einem hohen Fahrrad.
Eine Frau mit weiem T-Shirt, weien Shorts und Sonnenbrille.
Ein belebter orientalischer Markt in einer engen Strae.
Eine modisch gekleidete junge Frau geht durch Gewchshuser.
Ein Mann im Minirock versucht, ber ein Feld zu laufen.
Ein Bodybuilder im Nike-Trikot schleudert einen schweren Gegenstand weg.
Ein Mann im Schottenrock steht auf einem Feld, das von Flaggen und Blumen umgeben ist.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen abgewandt nebeneinander.
Ein Mann, der eine Jeansjacke trgt, bemalt ein Schild.
Ein Mann und ein Junge schauen sich Postkarten an.
Eine Personengruppe auf einer Strae unter einem bunten Glasschild.
In der Nacht ist am Flusskanal viel Betrieb.
Eine Frau in einem weien, kurzen Kleid steht neben einem fr zwei Personen gedeckten Tisch mit einer Steinmole im Hintergrund.
Ein Junge, der eine Weste anhat, sitzt inmitten von Lego-Steinen und spielt damit.
Lachende Mnner mit an die Brust gehefteten Nummern laufen eine nasse Strae entlang.
Fotografen machen Bilder von einem Mdchen, das auf einer Strae sitzt.
Eine Skaterin mit gelbem Oberteil ist auf der Bahn auf die Knie gestrzt.
Eine Gruppe Frauen nimmt an einem Roller-Derby-Spiel teil.
Ein Bauarbeiter im Overall, der einen gelben Bauarbeiterhelm trgt, schaufelt Erde in eine Schubkarre.
Ein junger Mann nimmt am Hafen einen Imbiss zu sich und schaut auf ein Gewsser hinaus.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen, das eine Kappe trgt, hlt eine Wasserflasche in der Hand.
Ein Mann mit rotem Hemd und blauem Hut angelt.
Mehrere Personen schauen zu, wie andere auf einem Rummel in einer aufblasbaren Hpfburg spielen.
Ein Junge in einem gestreiften T-Shirt hlt an einer Leine einen Fisch in die Hhe.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper sitzt auf einer Bank und spielt mit etwas herum, was er in der Hand hlt.
Touristen machen Fotos an dem schnen Ort.
Ein Mdchen mit schwarzer Hose richtet eine Kamera nach unten auf die Laufstrecke.
Diese Frauen skaten beim Roller-Derby.
Drei Frauen in aufeinander gestimmten schwarzen und gelben Kleidern und eine Frau mit orangefarbenen Haaren.
Ein Mann mit einer groen Kamera macht Fotos.
Eine Gruppe von Mdchen spielt Roller-Derby, whrend das Publikum im Hintergrund zuschaut.
Zwei Mnner bauen eine Hpfburg auf.
Ein Junge im gelben T-Shirt sitzt bei einem anderen Jungen hinten auf dem Fahrrad und fhrt eine gepflasterte Strae entlang.
Kinder angeln mit ihren Vtern an einem See.
Ein Mann mit Schrze schaut zu, wie ein Junge an einem Fahrrad bastelt, und weitere Fahrrder stehen um die beiden herum.
Ein junges Mdchen geht zum Angeln an einen See.
Ein brtiger Mann mit rotem Hut setzt sich mit einem Getrnk in einer Papiertasche hin.
Neben einem Bereich, in dem man im Freien sitzen kann, wird an einem Stand Essen angeboten.
Drei Frauen, die schwarze Rcke und Bustiers tragen, beginnen oder beenden offenbar ein Tanzprogramm.
Ein alter Cadillac und ein weies Motorrad auf einer Strae.
Ein Junge fhrt auf einem Fahrrad an einem Tor mit Metallhhnern vorbei.
Zwei Frauen gehen rauchend durch die Straen.
Ein Gruppe Soldaten marschiert bei einer Parade.
Eine afroamerikanische Frau schaut sich ein Plakat an.
Diese Frau geht offenbar an der Seite eines hellblauen Hauses entlang.
Ein Typ schaut auf den Stadtplan.
Ein lterer Herr und eine Dame schauen sich etwas an, das auf dem Foto nicht zu sehen ist.
Zwei Erwachsene fhren ungefhr ein Dutzend Kinder einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen im rosafarbenen T-Shirt nimmt mit einer weien Schaufel kleine schwarze Gegenstnde auf.
Drei Frauen plaudern und schauen um sich.
Auf einem Parkplatz posiert ein Mdchen in einer grnen Bluse scherzhaft mit einem Fahrrad.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Felsblock am Wasser.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl neben dem Pool und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mdchen mit blonden, stacheligen Haaren und einer schwarzen Jacke geht auf einem Brgersteig entlang.
Eine Frau knabbert an etwas zu essen, das sie in den Hnden hlt.
Eine Mutter und ihre Tochter sitzen auf Sthlen auf dem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann hngt mit einer Hand an einer Stange, die waagerecht aus einem Gebude ragt.
Frauen spielen in einem Roller-Derby-Spiel gegeneinander.
Auf einer engen Strae mit Husern, die zum Teil mit roten Markisen versehen sind, telefoniert ein Mann mit seinem Mobiltelefon.
Eine Frau und ein Mann sitzen auf einer Bank vor einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann in weiem T-Shirt liest Zeitung, whrend andere auf einer Bank sitzen.
Eine Schar von Asiaten spaziert durch die Stadt.
Drei Frauen mit langen, ungekmmten Haaren stehen zusammen vor einer Steinmauer mit Gucklchern.
Menschen stehen in einer asiatischen Stadt an einer Straenecke.
Ein Mann mit Schutzbrille und einer stacheligen Gasmaske schaut angstvoll und zornig drein.
Vier Mdchen in einem Schwimmbad, von denen eines gleich ins Becken springen wird.
Eine groe Menschenmenge versammelt sich um eine Wasserflche.
Zwei Frauen stehen vor einer Karte.
Ein Mann mit einem Koffer sitzt auf einer Bank vor einem Schild mit der Aufschrift PADDINGTON.
Eine Frau mit einer roten Tasche steht an einem Abhang.
Drei Leute sitzen zusammen und schauen etwas in einem Notizheft nach, whrend ein Mann ihnen stehend ber die Schultern schaut.
Zwei Mnner, die auf Pferden reiten, schauen zu, wie ein anderer Mann von seinem bockenden Pferd abgeworfen wird.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem hellrosafarbenen Hemd rckt seinen Cowgirl-Hut zurecht.
Ein Mann telefoniert auf der Strae mit seinem Mobiltelefon.
Ein Mann lchelt an einem sonnigen Tag von einem Totempfahl herunter.
Ein kleines Kind sitzt auf einer Bank und isst etwas Rotes.
Eine Frau mit violettem Top trinkt direkt aus einer schwarzen Flasche.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten lsst sich mit Wasser bespritzen.
Zwei Mnner in Hula-Rcken stehen oben auf der Laderampe eines Lkw.
Vier Mnner an einem Stand, an dem Kaffee, Tee und heie Schokolade verkauft werden.
Eine Frau mit einem hellorangefarbenen Rucksack steht vor einer Treppe.
Diese Dame zeigt auf ihre Kleider im Wschetrockner.
Ein Mann mit weier Schrze hlt ein Huhn ber einen groen Topf oder Eimer.
Zwei Jungs sitzen da und lesen Comics.
Ein Mann mit Brille steht auf einer Leiter und streicht eine Wand an.
Ein Mann legt sich auf die Strae.
Ein Mann in einer schwarz-blauen Jacke spielt an einem Glcksspielautomaten.
Eine Frau in einer brauen wattierten Jacke berquert eine belebte Strae.
Eine Frau schaut sich ein rotes Halstuch von einer der Straenhndlerinnen an.
Vier Damen machen einen Spaziergang.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau in Trgerhemd und Jeans fhrt einen braunen Hund an der Leine.
Eine Frau mit langen rosafarbenen Haaren sitzt auf einer Betonplatte.
Junge Mnner rennen am Strand, um fr das Fuballspielen zu trainieren.
Leute stehen am Fenster und schauen hinaus auf den Berg.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau in einem gelbgrnen Kleid geht mit einem groen Sack auf dem Kopf und einem Scheffel eine Strae entlang.
Zwei Mdchen fahren mit Einrdern die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau mit langem schwarzem Pferdeschwanz vollfhrt in einem flieenden weien Kleid einen Wirbeltanz.
Eine Frau im violetten Oberteil trgt einen rotweien Schirm.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera um den Hals ist mit einem Moped in einem lateinamerikanischen Land unterwegs.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann steht da und hat seine Hnde in der Hose.
Ein lterer Mann in kariertem Hemd und Jeans entleert einen Kaffeebecher in einen Mlleimer.
Ein Kind mit einem regenbogenfarbig gestreiften T-Shirt schiebt einen Spielzeugwagen.
Der kleine lchelnde Junge macht das Papier von seiner Geschenkverpackung ab, um zu sehen, was drin ist.
Sieben Mnner mit orangefarbenen Schutzhelmen arbeiten an Bahngleisen.
Leute gehen durch ein Gebude, in dem Lebensmittel verkauft werden.
Ein Typ sitzt neben seinem Hund auf einem Stuhl auf der Strae.
Zwei Mnner an einem Verkaufsstand mit Kunstgegenstnden unterhalten sich.
Auf einem Markt unter freiem Himmel begutachtet ein Mann einige Wassermelonen, die zum Verkauf angeboten werden.
Dieser Mann liegt auf dem Brgersteig unter Graffitis an einer Mauer.
Ein Obdachloser liest in einer Zeitschrift.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem T-Shirt und diabolischem Blick hlt zwei groe Fleischstcke in die Hhe.
Fnf Kinder mit Hten spielen am Strand im Matsch.
Zwei Kinder stehen am Strand, schneiden Grimassen und strecken ihre matschbedeckten Unterarme dem Betrachter entgegen.
Ein Redner in einem Klassenzimmer.
Drei Frauen beten mit gefalteten Hnden.
Zwei blonde Frauen umarmen sich gegenseitig.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten drauen vor einem Restaurant in einem Einkaufszentrum.
Kunden gehen durch einen Lebensmittelmarkt.
Zwei Skateboarder gehen auf einem Brgersteig an vielen Parkschildern vorbei.
Zwei Mnner halten ihre Skateboards in der Hand, und einer fhrt gerade auf seinem Skateboard.
Ein junger Mann ist durchnsst, whrend eine Gruppe von Menschen im Stadtbrunnen spielt.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack isst ein Eis in der Waffel.
Eine Frau mit einer Tasse und ein ghnender Mann sitzen vor dem Ladengeschft der Cigar Company.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Mantel geht einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Raum, in dem ein Oldtimer steht, und liest Zeitung.
Hndler bieten auf einem Markt im Freien ihre Waren feil.
Sechs Mdchen bilden auf dem Schlafzimmerboden eine Pyramide, indem sie einander auf dem Rcken knien.
Ein Mann im Anzug spricht zu einer Frau, die sitzt.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters tankt Sonne in einem ffentlichen Park.
Eine Frau mit weier Sonnenbrille hlt einen Plastikbecher in der Hand.
Ein Mann wird von einer groen Gruppe, die die Enden einer Flagge festhlt, in die Luft geworfen.
Ein Mann springt von einem Gebude auf einen Fallschirm.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen auf einer Strae voller Mll und Rauch.
Ein alter Mann mit einer Zigarette im Mund.
Ein kleiner Junge auf einem gefliesten Kchenboden hlt einen roten Wischmob in der Hand.
Eine Frau macht Yogabungen.
Ein lteres Paar spaziert an einem schnen Tag Hand in Hand neben einer stark befahrenen Strae.
Eine Frau zeigt einem kleinen Mdchen mit einem Spiegel seine Gesichtsbemalung.
Ein Mann hlt sich auf einem springenden Pferd, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Sportfans feiern, nachdem ihr Team gewonnen hat.
Ein Mann mit der texanischen Flagge wird auf einer Strae in der Stadt fast umgeweht.
Ein Verletzter liegt auf dem Brgersteig, whrend ein Mann seinen Kopf hlt.
Eine Frau im weien Top und Jeans macht auf der Strae Werbung fr CYFD.
Ein Mann angelt an einem Fluss.
Ein pinkfarben gekleidetes kleines Mdchen schaut genau geradeaus und hlt ein Fernglas auf einen steinigen Weg gerichtet.
Ein Mann schaut, was es in den Geschften zu kaufen gibt.
Ein langhaarige Frau in schwarzer Bluse macht den Abwasch.
Ein Mann mit weier Jacke und weier Mtze schneidet Schweinefleisch in Scheiben, um Sandwiches daraus zu machen.
Ein Hinduist macht ein Nickerchen auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann und eine Frau essen pfel im Park.
Ein Mann mit groem Sombrero geht mit einer Frau am Strand entlang.
Menschen versammeln sich, um eine Rede zum Vlkermord an den Armeniern zu hren.
Eine Frau aus dem Nahen Osten spricht bei einer Protestkundgebung in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen in einer Zuschauermenge.
Ein Mdchen in einem violetten Pullover schaut zu, wie ein Junge aus einer Flasche trinkt.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid geht unter einem bewlkten blauem Himmel entlang.
Ein Mann mit Hut sitzt mit einer kleinen Tasche auf dem Boden.
Dieser Mann geht mit einer Hand in seiner Hosentasche die Strae entlang.
Eine rothaarige Frau trgt ein blaues Kleid und hat eine groe Ttowierung auf dem Rcken.
Ein Mann in China schiebt sein Fahrrad.
Eine Frau im Bikini geniet einen Strandtag am Ozean.
Indianer in schmuckvoller Kleidung feiern offenbar etwas.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt in einem etwas heruntergekommenen Stadtviertel vor einem Geschft.
Eine Straenbahn fhrt die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau liegt vor den Tren eines schmuddeligen gelb-rot-grnen Gebudes.
Ein braunhaariges Mdchen macht einen bunten Drachen flugbereit.
Das kleine Kind sitzt auf der Schaukel und denkt an gar nichts.
Der Mann, der viele Medaillen um den Hals trgt, schaut das Mdchen mit dem gelben Bikinioberteil an.
Mehrere Menschen  einer davon im Hasenkostm  spielen in einem ffentlichen Brunnen, neben dem Luftballons liegen.
Viele Mnner in blauen Uniformen gehen in Formation.
Sechs Leute sitzen auf einer Steinbank vor einem Restaurant und schauen in verschiedene Richtungen.
Zwei schlicht gekleidete Touristen stehen vor zwei Geldautomaten.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten steht in einem Biergarten unter einem grnen Planenzelt beisammen.
Viele Tisch mit blauen Schirmen, an denen Leute essen.
Ein Junge in einem roten T-Shirt sitzt auf einer Bahnschranke.
Ein indisches Mdchen betet oder vollfhrt ein Ritual.
Eine Frau geht an einem sonnigen Tag vor einer Ziegelmauer entlang.
Touristen gehen auf gepflasterten Straen an Restaurant vorbei.
Zwei Leute fahren auf der Strae an einem hohen gelbweien Gebude vorbei.
Drei Mnner in langen Gewndern sitzen da und verbringen den Tag gemeinsam.
Eine Frau luft zu einem Mann, der auf einem Seil jongliert.
Ein Mann im Anzug liest Zeitung, whrend er die Strae entlanggeht.
Eine Person geht an der Einfriedungsmauer einer Kirche entlang.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf Treppenstufen und diskutieren miteinander.
Eine Frau und einige Kinder stehen auf dem Brgersteig und schauen sich einen eingefrorenen Brunnen an.
Ein Kleinkind, das einen blauen Helm aufhat, bekommt von seinem Vater sein Fahrrad gezeigt.
Einige Leute schauen sich aufgeschichtetes Obst und Gemse an, das auf einem Markt zum Verkauf angeboten wird.
Ein roter Doppeldeckerbus in Europa.
Eine Frau mit schwarzer Jacke und hellbraunen Stiefeln geht vor einer Menschengruppe eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien T-Shirt macht auf einer Statue eine Yoga-bung.
Sie beit in einen leckeren Happen.
Diese Leute gehen eine Strae in der Stadt entlang.
Ein Mann mit einem Bambuskopftuch schaut in die Ferne und hlt eine Angelrute aus Bambus.
Ein Mann mit Wanderstock schaut sich durch ein Fernglas die Berge an.
Eine Frau in schwarzem T-Shirt reinigt den Korridor mit dem Staubsauger.
Ein dunkelhutiger Hochspringer vollfhrt einen Sprung ber eine Stange.
Ein Mann mit gyptischem Kopfschmuck und nacktem Oberkrper hlt eine Puppe hoch und lchelt.
Ein Mann mit einem Beutel geht die Strae entlang.
Drei wei gekleidete Personen gehen im Freien auf Stelzen eine Strae entlang.
In den Ohren des mnnlichen Subjekts stecken Ohrhrer, und es hat auerdem einen iPod.
Mehrere Uniformierte stehen in strammer Haltung, und ein Uniformierter wird von einem Offizier gekrnt.
Personen in militrischer Kleidung versammeln sich unterhalb eines Treppenhauses.
Eine Frau mit orangefarbenem Kopftuch sitzt auf einem blauen Stuhl und hlt sich die Hand vor das Gesicht.
Ein Junge fhrt Fahrrad mit Blick auf ein groes Gewsser.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille, Kappe, dunkler Jeans und Jeansjacke geht an einem Bogen vorbei.
Zwei Frauen packen etwas aus einem Karton aus.
Ein Kind, das eine gelbe Decke in der Hand hlt, schaut in eine Schublade, in der sich Ltzchen und Spielzeug befinden.
Ein Londoner Polizist stellt einem Mann einen Strafzettel aus.
Ein violett gekleidete Dame und eine blau gekleidete Dame stehen da, und hinter ihnen steht ein Lieferwagen.
Vier junge Frauen mit groen Handtaschen gehen die Strae entlang.
Ein lterer Mann in einer beigefarbenen Jacke steht vor einem alten Gebude und liest Zeitung.
Zwei schlanke, hbsche und leicht bekleidete Frauen gehen nebeneinander.
Ein Mann vor einem Gebude mit Graffitis und Plakaten gehen eine schmutzige Strae entlang.
Sitzt mit gefalteten Hnden auf einer Bank und starrt auf einen leeren Bildschirm.
Eine Rettungskraft schaut aus dem Fenster eines fahrenden Fahrzeugs.
Eine blonde Sngerin vor einem Kaleidoskop.
Eine albern aussehende Frau singt auf der Bhne.
Zwei Mnner auf Hengsten fangen ein kleines schwarzes Kalb mit dem Lasso ein.
Eine Maskenbildnerin mit rosa und wei angemaltem Gesicht und Fusselpercke malt ein kleines Kind mit Gesichtsfarbe an.
Ein junges Mdchen in weiem Kleid steht am Straenrand.
Ein Mann in weier kurzer Hose wirft in einem Park eine Frisbeescheibe.
Zwei Frauen teilen sich einen Schirm.
Ein junger Mann in einem schwarzen T-Shirt, auf dem das Wort Love steht, jongliert mit drei grnen Bllen.
Eine Frau fhrt auf einem Marktplatz ihren Hund aus.
Zahlreiche Menschen gehen vor einer groen grnen Statue die Straen entlang.
Eine Frau singt vor Hintergrundsngern auf einer Bhne.
Zwei Frauen, von denen die eine ein rotes T-Shirt und einen rosaroten Hut und die andere eine gestreifte Bluse und eine Sonnenbrille trgt, gehen ber eine Strae.
Zwei Frauen gehen nebeneinander und haben Spa.
Eine Frau zieht ein Motorrad auf ein Rad hoch und fhrt ein Kunststck vor.
Diese Frau fhrt in Unterwsche Fahrrad.
Eine ltere Person mit blauer Jacke sitzt auf einer Bank und isst Eis aus einer Waffel.
Zwei Teenager gehen Arm in Arm die Strae entlang.
Ein brtiger Mann, der ein schwarzes T-Shirt trgt, sitzt vor einem Tisch, auf dem ein Computer steht.
Ein Mann ruht sich im Schatten aus und schaut auf den Strand.
Ein lterer Mann mit Bart in einer Art ausgefallener schwarzweier Tracht wird von einer Gruppe von Zuschauern umringt.
Eine Frau fllt durch die Luft.
Fnf Jungs, von denen zwei ein Skateboard haben, lungern vor einer Statue herum.
Eine Frau kauft Obst auf einem Markt.
Eine Frau mit einem Mikrofon steht neben einem Mann, der einen Apple-Computer benutzt.
Ein Mann schaut zu, wie eine Frau die Strae berquert.
Ein lterer afroamerikanischer Mann hlt auf einer Strae in der Stadt Lotterielose in der Hand.
Ein Mann steht in einer Menschenmenge und hlt ein Schild hoch.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten, die nur Unterwsche anhaben, ist auf dem Fahrrad unterwegs.
Eine Frau mit hellorangefarbenen Haaren luft in einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei alte Leute sitzen auf Sthlen, die vor Husern auf dem Brgersteig stehen.
Ein junges rothaariges Mdchen beendet gerade ihr Mittagessen.
Zwei ltere Frauen schauen in eine Vitrine mit Waren, die zum Verkauf angeboten werden.
Ein Foto, das vom Innenraum eines Restaurants aus aufgenommen wurde und Leute auf der Strae zeigt.
Diese jungen Frauen sitzen gemtlich da und unterhalten sich ber ihr Essen oder ber die Frau.
Ein Mann mit gelbem T-Shirt starrt in die Ferne.
Ein lterer Herr mit einer Cola-Dose in der Hand und ein Junge sind auf einer Art Marktveranstaltung und schauen, was es dort zu kaufen gibt.
Eine junge Frau sitzt am Rand einer Sportveranstaltung und schaut auf ihr Telefon.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen probieren verschiedene Speisen.
Mehrere ltere Leute stehen vor einem Essensstand.
Eine Frau an einem Verkaufsstand dekoriert Cupcakes, whrend Zuschauer aufmerksam die Vorgehensweise beobachten.
Frauen bereiten auf einem Markt im Freien gebratene Speisen zu.
Zwei Leute schauen sich eine Auslage mit Flaschen an.
Ein Mann mit blauen Handschuhen kocht unter einem Zeltdach.
Zwei Frauen stehen beieinander in einer Menschenmenge und essen etwas.
Ein Mann in einem gelben T-Shirt trinkt im Gehen ein Bier.
Die Frau im violetten Sweatshirt spricht, whrend ihre Freundin im grnen Sweatshirt zuhrt.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit rosafarbenem Hemd sitzt an einer Bushaltestelle und raucht eine Zigarette.
Eine Gruppe junger Frauen protestiert auf der Strae mit Schildern gegen lverseuchung.
Leute auf einer Strae tauschen ihre Meinung ber l aus.
Obdachlose schlafen vor einem Geschft auf der Strae.
Eine Menschenmenge auf einem Rummelplatz.
Ein Radfahrer mit orangefarbener kurzer Hose und grnem Rucksack fhrt durch eine belebte Strae.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen mit Schaufeln im Dreck.
Ein ungewhnlich gekleideter Mann mit seinem Einrad und seiner ungewhnlich gekleideten Partnerin.
Eine asiatische Frau isst zusammen mit anderen Leuten.
Zwei Typen klettern auf einen Baum, damit sie einen besseren Blick auf das Wasser haben.
Jemand macht einen Luftsprung, whrend Schnee liegt und im Hintergrund viele Bume zu sehen sind.
Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich an einem Stand mit lauter Hten.
Zwei Frauen besuchen einen Tisch, an dem man Wein probieren kann.
Leute stehen nach Bier und Currygerichten an.
Die rechte Ecke ist an der rechten Seite gebogen, es blau, wei und grn.
Ein junger Mann verkauft Wassereis und Limonaden und hat sich seinen Pulli um die Hften gebunden.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sammelt sich auf der Strae.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht um einen Tisch mit Speisen herum, whrend sich zwei Leute etwas zu essen auftun.
Ein lterer Mann ist dabei, einer lteren Frau Brot zu verkaufen.
Ein junger Mann mit weiem Hut und schwarzem Hemd mixt Fruchtgetrnke fr die Leute.
Leute stehen vor einer Einkaufsmeile und laufen dort herum.
Eine Frau greift nach etwas in ihrer Tasche, whrend sie an einem Essensstand steht.
Eine Band spielt im Freien vor einer Gruppe von Leuten.
Ein schwarz gekleideter, fremdlndischer Mann mit braunem Hut steht bewegungslos mitten auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau im weien T-Shirt geht einen Brgersteig entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern mit Helmen und Sicherheitswesten steht auf einer groen Metallkonstruktion.
Ein Wahlkampfplakat fr Bronislaw Komorowski hngt ber einem McDonald's-Restaurant.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in weier Sportkleidung steht beieinander, whrend eine von diesen Personen einen Tanz vorfhrt.
Zuschauer schauen einen Jungen in traditioneller Tracht an, whrend sie eine Strae entlanggehen.
Eine Frau in einem violetten Kleid hlt ein Bier in der Hand und luft inmitten einer riesigen Menschenmenge.
Ein Feuerwehrmann mit einem brennenden Gebude im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit blauer Kappe bereitet sich darauf vor, eine Szene zu fotografieren.
Eine Gruppe von Feuerwehrleuten gehen eine Strae entlang.
Die Leute sind am Strand und betrachten mit einem Teleskop die Schnheit des Ozeans.
Ein Feuerwehrmann geht unter dem roten Absperrseil hindurch.
Eine Gruppe von Feuerwehrleuten bewegt sich in einem abgesperrten Bereich.
Einige Feuerwehrleute haben die Strae abgesperrt, und Leute schauen von jenseits des Absperrbandes zu.
Eine Frau im violetten Kleid, die einen Rucksack aufhat und eine Sonnenbrille trgt, richtet ihre Haare.
Ein Mann geht an einer Mauer vorber, die mit Graffitis bemalt ist.
Ein alter Mann mit Baskenmtze und Brille schaut in eine Zeitung, whrend er an einem alten Gebude vorbergeht.
Mehrere Medienvertreter halten zwei Mnnern Mikrofone entgegen.
Ein Mann in einem Feuerwehrmantel und -helm schaut in eine ffnung hinunter.
Ein Feuerwehrmann ist in der Stadt im Einsatz.
Ein Mann geht in der Stadt an einer Gruppe von Tauben vorbei.
Ein Feuerwehrmann steht auf der Strae und schaut nach unten.
Eine Gruppe von Leute fhrt mit Motorrollern und Motorrdern auf einer Strae.
2 Leute bereiten in einem Laden Kaffee zu.
Einige Leute stehen auf dem Gehsteig auf Hhe der vorderen Tren eines Linienbusses.
Asiaten, die Helme tragen, stehen nach Essen an.
Die Feuerwehrleute versuchen, das Auto zu zerlegen, weil etwas Entsetzliches passiert ist.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Gebude und telefoniert mit ihrem Mobiltelefon.
4 Personen fahren in einem Kanu flussabwrts, das tief im Wasser hngt.
Zwei Frauen, ein Mann und zwei Hunde okkupieren eine Straenecke.
Ein Mann geht die Anlegestelle entlang und kratzt sich am Rcken, whrend im Hintergrund ein Boot segelt und die Sonne ber dem Wasser untergeht.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann in einem braunen T-Shirt geht eine Strae entlang.
Ein Mann im Anzug legt sich in einem Buswartehuschen hin.
Sieben Kinder umringen einen Wagen voller Kltze.
Ein Mann in Sandalen geht einen Waldweg entlang zu einem Gewsser und trgt ein Handtuch und eine Strandtasche.
Ein Mann testet eine Mauer aus.
Zwei Wanderer und eine Wanderin, die alle T-Shirts und kurze Hosen anhaben, posieren im Schnee vor einer Wanderkarte.
Eine Frau, die ihre Schuhe ausgezogen hat, liest im Park.
Menschen betrachten ein Kunstwerk, das einen unsichtbaren Mann darstellt, der aus einem schwarzen Anzug und Hut besteht und einen regenbogenfarbigen Schirm hlt.
Zwei Leute sitzen und nehmen einige Getrnke zu sich.
Ein Junge in einer blauen Jacke steht an einer Ecke vor THEFACESHOP.
Ein Mann im Anzug steht in einer Gruppe von Leuten.
Eine Frau blickt im Stehen auf all die Kleidungsstcke auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann mit seinem Handgepckstck schaut am Flughafen auf eine Flugbersicht.
Ein Mann steht im Sand und wirft ein Beanbag in ein Loch.
Zwei Mnner mit Westen halten Rauchfackeln in der Hand.
Guck' mal da  lass' uns zuschauen, wie das weirote Auto umkippt.
Arbeiter ziehen eine Schablone von einem Lkw herunter.
Eine Frau in roter Bluse und Jeansrock fotografiert eine Skulptur, die von Bauzunen umgeben ist.
Ein Mann subert im Brunnen einen Gegenstand.
Ein Mann mit grnem T-Shirt und blauer Jeans steht schrg gegenber von einem groen Gebude an einem Fugngerberweg.
Eine Frau und ein Kind unterwegs zum Tennisspielen.
Zwei Mnner in roten T-Shirts tragen eine Glasscheibe ber einen Fugngerberweg.
Leute gehen durch eine Einkaufspassage.
Ein Mann mit Schrze kocht in einer Kche Essen.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbenem Overall fhrt bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien etwas vor.
Ein kleines, gelb gekleidetes Kind tanzt inmitten einer Gruppen von Leuten, die sich im Freien versammelt haben.
Der Hund kommt mit dem Vogel des Jgers zurck.
Eine ltere Frau in einem grnen Kleid geht mit einem Gehstock einen mit Planken belegten Fuweg entlang.
Ein Fan-Fest der Lakers mit Leuten, die gelbe Lakers-Flaggen halten.
Eine Frau hlt an einer Bordsteinkante einen Mann am Kragen, whrend sich auf der Strae ein Bus nhert.
Eine Mutter trgt ihr Kind auf dem Rcken durch einen Markt.
Ein junger Mann trgt ein weies T-Shirt, auf dem mit sehr dunklen Strichen die Umrisse einer Figur dargestellt sind.
Eine Muslimin liegt auf der menschenleeren Sandflche einer Wste.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen vor einem weien Pritschenwagen und einem grauen Auto vorbei.
Ein alter Mann unterhlt seine Familie mit seinem Akkordeonspiel.
Ein Mann sitzt im Freien, hat seinen Koffer geffnet und spielt Akkordeon.
Ein Mann in Jeans zieht einen Koffer.
Allerlei Leute sitzen auf Sthlen im Freien, whrend unmittelbar im Hintergrund eine Stadtlandschaft und eine Brcke zu sehen sind.
Leute essen unter einer rotwei gestreiften berdachung.
Zwei Leute kaufen in einem Supermarkt ein, whrend ber ihren Kpfen internationale Flaggen zu sehen sind.
Eine Ansicht von Leuten, die sich in einem Ladengang umschauen.
Eine alte Frau in einem blauen Pullover und schwarzem Kleid sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein schwarz gekleidete Frau mit hochhackigen Schuhen und einer roten Tasche geht vorbei.
Eine Frau mit einer blauen Jacke isst mit einer Freundin zu Mittag.
Eine alte Dame hlt im Stehen eine Kamera.
Ein braunhutiger Mann mit grnem Kapuzenpulli und blauer Jeans hat einen Kopfhrer auf, der an ein Handgert angeschlossen ist.
Zwei rosarot gekleidete kleine Mdchen tanzen miteinander.
Kostmierte Reiter reiten auf gesattelten Pferden mit Zaumzeug durch hohes grnes Gras.
Leute kaufen gern frische Lebensmittel auf einem Bauernmarkt.
Eine Frau kauft in einem Supermarkt Fleisch ein.
Zahlreiche Kunden stbern in einem Markt nach Lebensmitteln.
Zwei Leute, die in einem Bagel-Laden arbeiten, der gerade seinen 20. Geburtstag feiert.
Etliche Leute schauen sich in einem berdachten Gastronomiebereich die Auswahl an.
Durch eine Schaufensterfront sind die Leute zu sehen, die in einer Restaurantkche arbeiten.
Ein Mann kocht in einer Kche.
Eine Frau schaut sich an einem Feinkoststand in einem Lebensmittelmarkt Frischfleisch und frische Meeresfrchte an.
Vier Leute stbern in einem Markt.
Einkufer gehen einen Gang in einem Lebensmittelmarkt entlang.
Leute kaufen an einem Obststand ein.
Viele Leute schauen sich in einem offenen Markt mit internationalem Lebensmittelangebot um.
Zwei Frauen und ein Baby in einem Geschft.
Ein langhaariger Herr in kurzer Hose geht mit einem Gehstock die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann, der ein weies Blatt Papier in der Hand hlt, sitzt am Hafen.
Ein Mann in rotem T-Shirt und kurzer Hose geht an einem Pizza-Imbiss vorbei den Brgersteig entlang.
Viele Menschen tanzen bei einem groen nchtlichen Beisammensein.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen mit schwarzem Tank-Top und Rock giet drauen die Pflanzen mit einem Schlauch.
Ein kleiner Junge springt von einem Sprungbrett.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Leuten unter einem Baum mit einem weien Pritschenwagen im Hintergrund.
Eine Strae voller Leute, die zu Fu gehen und radfahren.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern posiert mit ihren Zeugnissen.
Eine bunt gemischte Gruppe von Fahrgsten fhrt mit einem Stadtrundfahrtbus die Strae entlang.
Mehrere Personen laufen in Tennisschuhen und kurzen Hosen eine Strae entlang.
Viele Leute mit Schirmen gehen durch den Regen.
Ein hbsch gekleidete Frau posiert fr Fotos oder steht da und unterhlt sich, whrend Passanten an einem Brunnen vorbeischlendern.
Ein Paar umarmt sich auf einer belebten Strae.
Eine Frau whlt eine Nummer auf ihrem Mobiltelefon, whrend sie an einem Geschft mit einer Spiegelung im Fenster vorbergeht.
Eine Joggerin luft in einer Stadt an einem Fluss entlang.
Ein Mann mit Helm steuert ein hellrotes Motorrad durch den Straenverkehr.
Eine Frau, die ein Buch liest, und ein Mann verbringen Zeit in der U-Bahn.
Eine orientalische Frau wscht in einem Bottich mit Wasser und Seife etwas.
Zwei Freundinnen essen an einem schnen Tag gensslich ihr Eis.
Ein grauhaariger Mann mit Brille und gestreiftem Hemd kauft Obst ein.
Jemand legt Automatten auf den Boden.
Ein hellbrauner Welpe mit Maulkorb richtet sich an einer Frau mit roten Fingerngel auf.
Ein voller, mit Graffitis versehener Mlleimer.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer Strae in der Stadt Schlagzeug.
Bauern stehen in einer Reihe und versorgen ihr Vieh.
Eine Person mit kurzer Hose, weiem Hemd und weiem Hut lchelt einer Menge zu und hlt dabei ihr Fahrrad fest.
Leute laufen ber einen belebten Markt.
Jemand hlt einen Strau Luftballons in der Hand, darunter viele SpongeBob-Luftballons.
Ein Mann in einem roten T-Shirt macht einen Grill sauber.
Ein dunkelhutiger Typ mit Dreadlocks tanzt zusammen mit anderen Leuten.
Ein Mann schenkt gezapftes Bier aus, und eine Frau steht daneben.
Eine Rockband, bestehend aus Gitarrist, Snger und Schlagzeuger, tritt auf einer Bhne auf.
Ein Mann spielt auf der Bhne auf einem Instrument.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann mit gestreiftem T-Shirt sitzt mit einem Obstwagen im Freien, um Getrnke zuzubereiten.
Ein Kind in einem grnen T-Shirt in einem berfllten Klassenzimmer.
Ein Mann mit Jacke und Hut vergisst fr einen Moment seinen Bekannten und sein Getrnk und hlt den Daumen hoch.
Ein Mdchen mit Hut und Sonnenbrille schaut etwas in der Ferne an.
Ein schwarzer Hund springt vor einem Baum nach einem roten Frisbee.
Ein Mdchen trainiert mit ihrem Trainer an einer Turnstange.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Strandkleid fhrt auf einem Tretroller an einer Reihe von orangefarbenen Baustellenabsperrungen vorbei.
Zwei junge Erwachsene berqueren die Strae an einem Fugngerberweg.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt vor einer Grasflche auf einer Bank.
Jemand geht eine Auentreppe zwischen zwei Gebuden hoch.
Eine Rettungskraft bereitet sich darauf vor, ein Auto aufzubrechen, das sich berschlagen hat.
Ein Mann in einem Fahrzeug zeigt auf etwas.
Ein kleines, rosa und wei gekleidetes Mdchen mit Blumen im Haar steht im Freien und fasst sich an den Brustkorb.
Ein Mann sitzt da und liest ein Buch.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf einem grnen Panzer.
Ein Mann auf der Strae starrt auf einen Rollwagen.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf Campingsthlen und lesen oder lernen.
Jemand sammelt Blumen in einer silbernen Schale.
Eine Ansicht von oben, die Fugnger in einem belebten Stadtteil zeigt, die an einer Strae mit Bumen auf dem Mittelstreifen auf dem Brgersteig gehen.
Jemand arbeitet an einem Imbisswagen.
Da angelt ein Mann auf einer Brcke.
Bunte Schilder mit asiatischen Schriftzeichen beleuchten eine nchtliche Gasse.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen demonstriert mit Schildern mit der Aufschrift Stop killing in Iran.
Sie tanzen mit nacktem Oberkrper auf den Straen.
Der Mann in dem grn karierten Hemd isst etwas.
Eine lebhafte Gruppe von Zivilpersonen ist in der Stadt.
Eine Band spielt auf einer Bhne mit violettem Rampenlicht.
Ein Mann arbeitet an der Auenseite eines Gebudes an einem Bauvorhaben.
Ein Mann mit blauem Hut steht neben einigen Fahrrdern und einer Menschenmenge.
Leute schauen sich in der Ortskneipe ein Fuballspiel an.
Leute sitzen essend und trinkend drauen vor einem Caf.
Eine Frau ist in einem Spirituosenladen.
Leute sitzen am Uferkai am Wasser.
Ein Lebensmittelverkufer schiebt seinen Essenswagen eine Strae entlang.
Leute sitzen auf einem Gehweg auf Bnken, umgeben von Bumen und mit Blick auf stdtische Gebude.
Ein Empfangsportier steht an einer geffneten Tr, die in ein Gebude fhrt.
Leute laufen unter einem bedeckten Himmel eine mit Ziegeln gepflasterte und von Geschften gesumte Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Kneipengsten schaut sich das Fuballspiel an.
Radfahrer fahren durch einen Wald, whrend Zuschauer ihnen zujubeln.
Sie fahren mit dem Fahrrad durch die Straen.
Ein wei gekleideter Radfahrer nimmt mitten auf einer Strae im Wald seine Hnde vom Lenker.
Eine Gruppe von Radfahrern fhrt eine Strae entlang.
Acht Personen fahren auf einer Rolltreppe auf- oder abwrts.
Leute laufen an einem kalten Tag den Brgersteig entlang.
Zwei Frauen in Bikinioberteil und kurzen Hosen gehen mit zwei Mnnern an einem See spazieren.
Ein Mann in einem roten T-Shirt schaut sich einen umgestrzten Baum an.
4 Mitglieder einer Band spielen gemeinsam im Freien auf einem Brgersteig.
Straenmusiker mit roten Umhngen spielen auf einem Gehweg.
Eine Frau entfernt sich auf einem Holzsteg durch ein Feld mit goldfarbenen Pflanzen.
Eine ltere Frau geht durch den Regen und hlt sich einen roten Schirm ber den Kopf.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit weiem Hemd und grauer Hose steht mit einem Mikrofon neben einem Lautsprecher.
Ein Mann unterhlt sich, whrend hinter ihm mehrere Personen in einer Schlange stehen.
Eine Frau hlt einen Kaffee und ihr Mobiltelefon in Hand und scheint nach jemandem Ausschau zu halten.
Eine Band macht auf einer Bhne Musik.
Einsame Person in einem Kanu, die ein Seil hlt und sich an der blauen Berglandschaft und dem glasklaren Wasser erfreut.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille telefoniert mit ihrem Mobiltelefon.
Ein blaues Boot bewegt sich einen Kanal entlang, an dem rote, orangefarbene und rote Huser stehen.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Minirock fhrt auf einem orangefarbenen Fahrrad.
Eine Menschenmenge steht zwischen hohen Gebuden auf einer Strae.
Ein Radfahrer ruft jemanden an oder checkt seine Nachrichten.
Ein junger Mann grt vor einem groen Karatekampf, der in seiner Stadt veranstaltet wird, seine Anhnger.
Ein blond gelocktes Kind weint.
Vier Mitglieder einer Band bei einem Bhnenauftritt.
Ein Mann mit Krawatte auf einer Strae.
Ein dunkelhutiges Mdchen und ein hellhutiges Mdchen gehen Hand in Hand in einem belebten Stadtteil spazieren, whrend im Hintergrund eine ffentliche Bahn zu sehen ist.
Eine Baseballkappe aus Jeansstoff mit dem Tommy Hilfiger-Logo.
Eine blonde Teenagerin telefoniert mit ihrem Handy, whrend der Wind ihr die Haare ins Gesicht weht.
Eine Frau mit Rucksack und Sonnenbrille steht auf einer Strae.
Eine Frau in hochhackigen Schuhen und kurzem Rock steht, an eine Ziegelmauer gelehnt, auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann auf einer Brcke hlt einen blauen Gegenstand ber das Gelnder.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern veranstaltet etwas auf einer Grasflche.
Ein Mann, der als Silhouette zu sehen ist, bt vor einem farbenprchtigen Sonnenuntergang am Strand Karatebewegungen.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbener Kappe spricht mit einem Mann mit Sonnenbrille und gestreiftem Hemd.
Ein Polizist lehnt sich an sein Motorrad, whrend die Leute zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten sitzt in einem groen, langgezogenen Raum und starrt auf Computerterminals.
Zwei Frauen warten an einer Bahnstation in Downtown.
Ein Mann in einem langen weien Hemd steht auf der Strae.
Ein kleines Mdchen lsst sich von einer Berieselungsanlage nass spritzen und amsiert sich dabei.
Ein Mann, der eine Gitarre hlt, streckt seine Faust in die Luft.
Eine ttowierte Frau trgt in einem grnen Rucksack ihre Habseligkeiten mit sich.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen im Freien neben einem kleinen Garten mit Blumen an einem Tisch.
Ein gut angezogener Mann zieht in einem Restaurantambiente eine Speise aus einem Topf heraus.
Eine ltere Frau mit einem Eimer sitzt in einem blauen Haus auf den Knien.
Ein alter Mann mit Brille hlt die Tr eines roten Kleinbusses offen.
Eine Dame und ein Mann sitzen auf einer Bank, unterhalten sich und betrachten die Leute.
Eine Frau hebt ihre Hand, als ein Bus vorbeikommt.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann lehnt sich mit einem jungen Mdchen, das in der Hocke sitzt und eine Flasche mit einer Flssigkeit in der Hand hlt, an ein Gebude an.
Gelbe Flaggen, die mit einem schwarzen Lwen bedruckt sind, hngen in einem von der Sonne beleuchteten Stadtviertel zwischen den Bumen.
Die Frau im Hochzeitskleid steht auf dem gepflasterten Gehsteig.
Ein junger Mann spielt im Springbrunnen.
Ein Mann in interessanter Kleidung, die aus einem Federhut, einem Umhang und einem verzierten Gehstock besteht, sitzt vor einem Gebude auf einer Bank.
Eine groe Frau und eine ltere Dame warten an einer Bushaltestelle.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann im blauen Anzug telefoniert mit seinem Mobiltelefon und raucht dabei.
Eine Frau protestiert gegen Umweltverschmutzung.
Ein begeistertes Paar springt so hoch es kann und geniet dabei den Blick auf die Berge.
Ein Mann in grauem Anzug hlt eine Rede.
Eine junge Frau in einem therischen blauen Kostm hlt einen verzierten Hula-Hoop-Reifen in den Hnden und schaut eindringlich in die Kamera.
Ein Mann liegt mit nacktem Oberkrper auf einem Handtuch auf der Wiese.
Ein Mann in eng anliegender schwarzer Hose sitzt an die Mauer eines weien Gebude gelehnt.
Ein kleines Kind schaut sich eine Spieleisenbahnanlage an.
Eine Frau mit weiem Kleid sitzt inmitten einer Menschenmenge in der Hocke.
Drei Frauen, die Kleidung einkaufen, und ein Schild mit der Aufschrift 5 Euro.
Eine junge Frau streichelt das weie Kaninchen, das auf ihrem Bein sitzt.
Ein Mann geht an einem Portrt eines Mannes an einer Wand vorbei.
Ein Mann, der ein Baby trgt, geht neben einer Frau, die einen Sonnenschirm hlt.
Eine alte Dame an einer mauerartigen Totengedenksttte.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem weien Kittel mit rosaroten Luftballons darauf hlt eine Laterne mit einer Kerze darin.
Vier Personen unterhalten sich im Wasser, mit Bergen im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau, die ein weies Kleid trgt, fhrt Fahrrad.
Eine Frau, die ein weies Kleid trgt, geht an einem osteuropischen Schild vorber.
Zwei sprlich bekleidete Frauen kssen sich in einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei asiatische Mnner in weien Gewndern beten.
Mehrere Mnner sitzen auf Mauersimsen, die um hochgewachsene Bume herumgebaut wurden.
Ein orientalisches Paar geht an einem Gang in einem Kunstmuseum vorbei.
Ein lterer Gemseverkufer auf einem Markt im Freien sitzt bei seinen Waren und liest Zeitung.
Drei Wikinger gehen ber die Strandpromenade.
Ein junges Mdchen mit schwarzem T-Shirt mit Halsketten und Armbndern geht an einem Straencaf vorbei.
Eine Frau posiert mit einem groen Fisch, der an einem Haken hngt.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf ihren Sitzen, und zwischen ihnen sitzt eine junge Frau.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen irgendein Spiel.
Eine Menschenmenge steht vor einem weien Zug mit vielen Einstiegstren.
Nasse Kinder spielen in einem Brunnen im Park.
Zwei Polizisten sprechen mit zwei Mnnern, die einen Roboter dabeihaben.
Ein Mann mit einem Gehstock geht an einer gemalten Baustellenszene vorbei.
Eine Frau im Bikini liegt auf einer Decke auf einem Kai ber dem Wasser.
Eine Frau, die ein Bustier mit Nackentrger anhat, geht mit ihren Freundinnen spazieren.
Eine Menschenmenge trgt die Farben Rot, Schwarz und Gelb auf ihren angemalten Gesichtern zur Schau und schwenkt Flaggen in den gleichen Farben.
Ein braunschwarzer Hund schttelt das Wasser von sich ab.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem gestreiften T-Shirt spielt auf einer Grasflche mit Zweigen.
Zwei lesbische Frauen lassen sich nass spritzen und amsieren sich prchtig dabei.
Ein Beschftigter in einer Pizzeria wartet auf Kundschaft.
Ein Polizist steht mit verschrnkten Armen da.
Etwa 16 Mnner in Polizeiuniformen stehen mitten auf einer Strae in der Stadt beieinander.
Ein Zauberer fhrt vor einem Publikum einen Zaubertrick vor.
Eine dreikpfige Frauengruppe tanzt und musiziert zusammen.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten versammelt sich in einer stdtischen Umgebung.
Ein Mann mit langen Dreadlocks wird von zwei Mnnern in blauen Uniformen angehalten.
Ein Mann schaut zu, wie seine weibliche Begleiterin ihr Gesicht mit einem Tuch bedeckt.
Ein Mann mit Cowboyhut bereitet auf der Strae Hotdogs zu.
Mann mit Eiswagen lehnt sich an eine Mauer.
Ein Mdchen und zwei Jungen in heller folkloristischer Tracht gehen nebeneinander.
Eine Gruppe von vier Mnnern trgt eine Statue.
Ein Mann in gelbroter, geblmter Kleidung spielt Gitarre.
Ein Rodeoreiter reitet auf einem ungestmen Pferd.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau machen in einem Wohnzimmer Yoga.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Bank vor einem Elefanten, der in einem Museum ausgestellt wird.
Eine Frau in Trgerhemd und Jeans fhrt mit dem Fahrrad eine Strae entlang.
Ein lterer Mann schneidet einem jngeren Mann die Haare.
Der Mann im blaugrnen Trgerhemd wscht sich das Gesicht mit Wasser aus einer Holzschssel.
Ein Paar schaut sich in einem Restaurant eine Vorfhrung an.
Ein junger Mann in kurzen Shorts steht inmitten einer groen Menschenmenge und telefoniert mit seinem Mobiltelefon.
Ein Mann mit einem Wagen voller Reis raucht auf der Strae.
Eine Frau stillt ein Kind offenbar whrend einer Demonstration.
Ein Mann begutachtet Wrste in einem Feinkostladen.
Ein junges Paar fngt gerade an, auf einem Couchtisch im Wohnzimmer Jenga zu spielen.
Polizeikrfte mit Gasmasken knien auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann hlt sein Hemd in einem Park in einen Springbrunnen.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann sitzt auf einem blauen Stuhl und schaut auf Waschmaschinen.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen in einem Blumenkleid steht in einem Treingang und hlt einen Teddybren und eine Kleinigkeit zum Essen in der Hand.
Eine Frau hlt einen roten Schirm und einen Fcher.
Ein kahlkpfiger, schwarz gekleideter Mann benutzt einen Fcher aus Federn und geht die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit angemaltem Gesicht fhrt in einem Frauenbadeanzug Fahrrad.
Ein Mann im blauen T-Shirt posiert vor Polizeikrften in Kampfausrstung.
Der Mann im weien T-Shirt spricht an einem Rednerpult.
Zwei Mnner sitzen an einem Tresen und schauen beide gleichzeitig in Vergrerungsglser.
Leute gehen an einem sonnigen Tag die Strae entlang.
Ein Mdchen mit violettem Irokesenschnitt und rotem Trgerhemd steht vor einem Gebude, zeigt auf etwas und spricht mit dem Typen mit nacktem Oberkrper.
Ein Mann hat sich mit einem Hut und Umhang verkleidet, die schwarz gepunktet sind.
Mehrere Personen in Oberhemden und mit Krawatten starren aus dem Fenster eines Backsteingebudes.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem Kind.
Ein Kind hat sich verkleidet und hlt einen Dreizack in der Hand.
Eine blonde Frau in Geschftskleidung berquert die Strae.
Ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt hlt ein Schild hoch, auf dem er um Arbeit bittet.
Offiziere stehen vor einem Geschft.
Eine Frau tanzt, und ein Mann hlt ein Ruder.
Eine Frau in einem violetten Rock tanzt.
Eine Frau, die einen Grasrock anhat und Blumen im Haar trgt, hlt einen Krug in der Hand.
Eine lterer Mann pflckt Blumen.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Obstkarren und winkt jemandem zu.
Eine Frau schtzt sich mit ihrem Schirm vor der Sonne.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen in Wassernhe auf einer Bank.
Ein Blumenmdchen posiert in einer Trffnung.
Ein lteres Paar sitzt mit seinem Hund auf einer Grnflche an der Kste.
Eine orientalische Dame posiert mit einem schwarzen BH und hlt dabei ein Halstuch in der Hand.
Zwei indisch gekleidete Tnzerinnen, die mit dem Rcken zur Kamera stehen, nehmen eine synchronisierte Krperstellung ein.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern wandert auf einem Wanderweg.
Ein junges Paar ist mit vielen anderen Leuten drauen, und die junge Frau hlt eine Sekt- oder Weinflasche in der Hand.
Drei Erwachsene bestellen vor einem Metallzaun ihren Garten.
Ein Mann, der ein Brasilien-T-Shirt trgt und eine brasilianische Flagge schwenkt, steht auf einem belebten Gehweg.
Drei alte Mnner sitzen zusammen und unterhalten sich.
Das Sonnenlicht, das von drauen hereinscheint, beschert einer einfachen indischen Frau einen Moment der Klarheit.
Eine Frau umarmt einen Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper.
Zwei dunkelkpfige Frauen sitzen hinter einem grauen Zaun auf grauen Treppenstufen.
Ein Paar fhrt seinen Dackel an einer mit Graffiti bemalten Mauer entlang.
Eine junges Mdchen in blauer Bluse und kurzer Jeans zieht an einem Seil und steht in einer Schlammgrube.
Ein junges Mdchen spielt auf einem Spielplatz.
Whrend eines Schweizaufenthaltes wartet ein Mann im blauen Pullover verlassen und trinkt ein Bier.
Leute stehen an einem groen Metallobjekt, in dem sich die Skyline einer Stadt spiegelt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau knien im Freien und zeichnen ein groes Portrt einer Frau mit einem Baby auf dem Arm auf den Beton.
Jemand in einem blauen Hemd schlft in einem antiken Monument.
Zwei Frauen wirken an einem Drachentanz mit.
Viele Leute haben sich im Freien versammelt und sitzen auf Bnken und auf dem Rasen.
Zwei junge Mnner mit Sonnenbrillen und weien Poloshirts stehen im Freien und schauen sich Zeitungen an.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper liest den Sportteil einer Zeitung.
Ein Mann fhrt am Rand einer leeren Strae einen Hund aus.
Eine Strae mit lauter Geschften.
Zwei Polizisten befragen einen Mann, der vor einem U-Bahn-Zug sitzt.
Ein Mann hlt eine Metallstange in einen Lavastrom.
Ein Mdchen steht auf der Ladeflche eines Anhngers und schichtet lchelnd Heu um.
Rettungssanitter helfen einem Mann.
Eine Frau, die zwei Hunde ausfhrt, geht an einer Wand vorbei, auf die ein Strand aufgemalt ist.
Eine gigantische Brille drauen vor einem Gebude.
Eine Straenecke in der Stadt mit zwei vorberfahrenden Radfahrern und einigen Fugngern.
Ein Mann trgt in der linken Hand eine Tasche.
Eine schwarz und rot gekleidete Frau springt ber eine schwarz gekleidete Frau hinber, die auf einem Instrument spielt.
Eine groe Menschenmenge geht nachts durch die Straen der Stadt.
Ein Mdchen verkauft Eistee mit frischen Zitronen und Pfefferminze.
Ein komplett rosarot angezogenes Mdchen lchelt von seinem Platz auf dem weien Teppich aus in die Kamera.
Zwei junge Leute in Shorts und T-Shirts spielten auf einem Spielfeld im Freien in der Stadt Basketball.
Ein Mann auf einer Leiter fhrt eine Hochdruckreinigung an einem Gebude durch.
Ein Mdchen mit rmellosem Hemd und Hose schaukelt auf einer Baumschaukel.
Fotografen fotografieren Dinge um sie herum.
Ein Mann speit aus seinem Mund Feuer und hlt dabei eine Fackel in der Hand.
ber einer Strae hngt ein Schild mit der Aufschrift ARRIVO.
Ein kleiner schwarzbrauner Hund springt einen groen orangefarbenen Hund an.
Eine Frau mit rotem Schirm ist zu Fu in einer Stadt unterwegs.
Eine blonde Frau in einem violetten Pullover isst ein Schokoladeneis aus der Waffel.
Leute mit Badeanzgen auf einer nassen Flche.
Ein Mann mit Hut liest hinter einer Frau, die einen schweren Mantel anhat.
Ein junges Mdchen liest einem anderen Mdchen aus einem Buch vor.
Ein Obdachloser geht mit einer Zigarette im Mund die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in Jeans und schwarzem T-Shirt wartet auf einer Parkbank.
Eine verlassene Strae mit einem Jogger in rotem T-Shirt in der Ferne.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Sonnenbrille sitzt in einer Menschenmenge.
Eine afroamerikanische Frau in einem silberfarbenen knielangen Rock geht zu Fu.
Das ist eine Frau in einer gelben Bluse, die eine braune Tasche trgt.
Eine junge Frau spielt auf einem ffentlichen Platz auf einem Saiteninstrument.
Ein Mdchen in schwarzem T-Shirt und Jeans geht auf dem Gehweg.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann gehen mit einem Kind spazieren.
Eine Frau telefoniert mit ihrem Handy und steht dabei an einer Backsteinwand.
Eine Frau mit einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt verkauft auf der Strae Gemse.
Vier Menschen tragen Rettungswesten auf einem Motorboot auf einem ruhigen Gewsser.
Ein Mdchen in kurzer Jeans und blaugrnem Shirt mit Blumenmuster hrt iPod.
Hndler verkaufen unter bunten Schirmen verschiedene Waren.
Eine Gruppe von Einsatzkrften an einer Unfallstelle.
Eine zu Fu gehende Frau in gelbem Shirt und blauer Jeans.
Zwei elegant gekleidete Frauen gehen die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau trgt einen groen Stapel Holzkisten.
Drei Frauen verharren auf einer Wiese im Park in einer gymnastischen Krperhaltung.
Ein Mann, der eine blaue Jeans trgt, liegt mit seinem Kopf auf seiner Bchertasche.
Ein asiatischer Teenager, der ein gestreiftes weies Hemd trgt, sitzt auf den Treppenstufen und sttzt den Kopf in die Hand.
Im Freien findet eine Veranstaltung statt.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten sitzt in einem Broraum im Kreis beieinander.
Ein Mdchen und ein Junge laufen ber Steine.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung, aber nacktem Oberkrper bringt etwas am Dach eines Gebudes an.
Hinter einer Betonmauer reihen sich mehrere Videokameras aneinander.
Eine junge Frau mit einer albernen grnen Brille und verwirrtem Gesichtsausdruck sitzt unter einem Baum an einem Tisch.
Der Zauberer fhrt einen Zaubertrick vor.
An einem Schwimmbecken hilft ein Mann seiner Tochter, ihre Schuhe anzuziehen.
Eine ganz in Wei gekleidete Tennisspielerin konzentriert sich auf das Spiel.
Ein braunhaariger Mann schiebt ein Fahrrad ber die Strae.
Ein Mdchen steht in einem schwach beleuchteten Bereich.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Hemd und blauer Jeans steht auf einem Gehweg.
Eine Frau mit weier Sonnenbrille lacht.
Eine Frau steht neben einem sonnendurchfluteten Gebude mit Sulen.
Leute stehen im Freien um einen Tisch herum.
Ein Mann enthlst Mais, whrend sein Sohn fernsieht.
Ein Mann hllt sich bei einer Feierlichkeit in eine kanadische Flagge.
Sie springt mit ihrem hellrosafarbenen Schwimmshirt in das sprudelnde Becken.
Feuerwehrleute leisten Hilfe bei einem Einsatz an einer Stelle, an der ein Motorradunfall passiert ist.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann mittleren Alters kauft auf einem privaten Flohmarkt einer lteren Frau etwas ab.
Ein Kameramann steht auf dem Brgersteig und filmt einen Anzugtrger.
Diese Kinderfrau passt gut auf die beiden Kinder auf, die im Bild zu sehen sind, und hat neben sich noch zwei weitere Kinderwagen.
Eine Frau, die eine Haube trgt, schaut sich eine Weinflasche an.
Ein dunkelhutiger junger Mann hlt auf einer belebten Strae in der Stadt ein Schild hoch.
Einige Leute sitzen in einem chinesischen Restaurant im Freien und speisen.
Ein sehr farbenfrohes und volles Geschft in einer Einkaufspassage, das Breeze heit, in dem aber Partyartikel verkauft werden.
Drei Ebenen einer Einkaufspassage, in der bunte Schnre von der Decke hngen.
Zwei Frauen, von denen die eine einen rotweiblauen Bikini trgt, posieren auf einer Strae in der Stadt fr ein Foto.
Frauen sprechen mit einer lteren Frau, die sehr wenig anhat.
Sehr viele Leute sitzen drauen bei einer Veranstaltung mit kanadischen Flaggen, die irgendetwas mit Wasser zu tun hat.
Leute in roten Kanada-Trikots sitzen auf einem Brunnen.
Eine ltere Frau in einem grauen, zweiteiligen Outfit jongliert mit Tennisbllen.
Leute, die ganz in den kanadischen Landesfarben geschmckt sind, essen bei einem kanadischen Festival etwas.
Ein Kleinkind in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt sitzt in einem Kinderwagen.
Ein rothaariges Mdchen isst einen Kartoffelchip.
In einer japanischen Stadt gehen Leute einen Gehweg entlang.
Eine Gruppe lsst einen Bereich auf sich wirken, der im Stil der asiatischen Kultur ausgestaltet ist.
Mehrere Leute gehen auf einem Gehweg an einer hohen Konstruktion vorbei, die mit einem Wandbild versehen ist.
Betrachter starren einen riesigen Weihnachtsbaum an, der auf dem Brgersteig steht.
Leute gehen an einer Auslage auf dem Gehweg vorber, die sich vor einem Geschft befindet.
Drei Kinder stehen im Freien, whrend ein Vogel vorbeifliegt.
Eine Frau in einem gepunkteten T-Shirt wartet einen Moment ab, in dem sie die Strae gefahrlos berqueren kann.
Mnner und Frauen stehen an einer Straenecke.
Foto einer Strae im Chinatown einer Stadt in den USA.
Einige Mnner und Kinder gehen eine orientalische Nebenstrae entlang.
Leute warten an einem Fugngerberweg an einer Ampel.
Zwei Personen gehen durch eine grostdtische Gegend mit hohen Gebuden, an denen Schilder angebracht sind.
Die Konjunktur ist wackelig  mit Auswirkungen fr China.
Leute gehen in ein Geschft hinein.
Ein Mann in kurzer Hose schaut auf sein Mobiltelefon, whrend eine Frau an einem kleinen Gebude vorbergeht.
Ein U-Bahn-Tunnel mit Personen in der Nhe.
Ein orientalischer Mann mit Kuriertasche fhrt auf dem Fahrrad eine orientalische Strae entlang.
Ein Mann richtet eine Kamera auf etwas, das sich ber einer Strae befindet.
Ein Mann hlt seine Kamera ber seinen Kopf und macht ein Foto, whrend andere in der Nhe sitzen.
Mehrere Asiaten schauen auf der Strae nach oben und halten ihre Kameras hoch, um etwas aufzunehmen.
Eine Frau in Jeans und Trgerhemd, die einen Schirm trgt, fhrt auf ihrem Fahrrad ber eine Strae.
Leute gehen neben einer Treppe einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit blauem T-Shirt und brauner Hose fhrt auf einem Motorrad.
Ein lterer Mann geht mit zwei Eiswaffeln in einem Park.
Ein Filmplakat vor einem Kino, das einen blau gekleideten Mann zeigt, der eine Frau in den Armen hlt.
In der Einkaufspassage wird das chinesische Neujahrsfest gefeiert.
Ein junges Mdchen in bunten Leggings trgt bei einem Umzug eine helle Flagge.
Leute spielen auf dem Rasen Fuball.
Zwei junge Leute stehen in der Tr zu einem Raum, der mit rosaroten, weien und roten Luftballons gefllt ist.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Anzgen gehen vor einer Mauer entlang.
2 Reihen von Frauen gehen auf dem Brgersteig einander entgegen vor einem Geschft mit der Aufschrift 50 % auf den goldgerahmten Fenstern.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Kappe schnitzt ein Muster in ein Holzstck.
Eine Straenszene, in der jemand Einkaufstaschen trgt und sich jemand anderes nach dem Weg erkundigt.
Ein Mann sitzt unter einem Schild auf dem Boden.
Zwei Mdchen gehen die Strae entlang und schauen sich Auslagen in den Schaufenstern an.
Ein blau gekleideter junger Mann trgt Gertschaften ber eine Strae.
Eine Frau sitzt mit einem Wagen voller Tten auf einem Stuhl vor einer Wand mit Graffitis.
Ein alter Mann, der in einem abgestellten Straenreinigungsfahrzeug sitzt, ffnet die Tr.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Rennfahrer-Overall sitzt auf einem Fuball auf einer Picknickbank aus Beton.
Ein Mann in einer lndlichen Umgebung schert ein Schaf.
Ein lterer Mann steht auf einer Leiter und kmmert sich um die Bltter eines Baumes.
Zwei Clowns nehmen eine Frau in die Mitte.
Ein Junge mit Gurtzeug erklimmt einen Felsblock.
Zwei dunkelhutige Frauen gehen durch New York City.
Die Frau im weien Kleid macht den Eindruck, als fhle sie sich in der geschftigen Umgebung unbehaglich.
Eine alte Frau sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann trgt seine Jacke ber der Schulter, whrend er an einer Mauer mit einem kunstvollen Graffiti vorbeigeht.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt an einem Gebude vorber, das mit Graffitis bemalt ist.
Ein Oldtimer-Propellerflugzeug fliegt in der Ferne, whrend auf einem Feld im Vordergrund zwei Mnner mit einem ferngesteuerten Modellflugzeug spielen.
Zwei ltere Mnner schicken sich an, auf einem Feld ein Modell-Kriegsflugzeug fliegen zu lassen.
6 junge Mnner in blauen und weien Trikots spielen Basketball, whrend Leute von der Tribne aus zuschauen.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einem kleinen Modellflugzeug.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Windjacke spielt mit seinem gelben ferngesteuerten Modellflugzeug.
Ein alter Mann in Jeans und Karohemd hilft einem Modellflugzeug beim Fliegen nach.
Geduldige Beobachter schirmen ihre Augen ab, whrend sie den Beginn der Sonnenfinsternis abwarten.
Zwei ltere Leute stehen auf einem Acker bei einem Modellflugzeug.
Auf einem groem Feld spielt jemand mit einem Modellflugzeug.
Drei Mnner auf einem Feld mit Modellflugzeugen.
Der Typ mit Sonnenbrille und Hut singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein junger Mann auf einem Sofa betastet mit den Fingern ein groes Gert mit Tastatur.
Ein Mdchen in grnem Trgerhemd fttert Tauben.
Ein Mann luft neben einem jungen Mdchen, das Fahrrad fhrt.
Mehrere Leute trinken und unterhalten sich an einem Tisch im Auenbereich eines Restaurants.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hut steht da mit einem Glas in der Hand.
Ein lterer Mann geht ber eine groe Grasflche, whrend im Hintergrund ein kleines Flugzeug zur Landung ansetzt.
Bei einem indischen Umzug werden wunderschne farbenfrohe Kostme gezeigt.
Leute gehen vorbei, und da ist eine schwarz gekleidete Frau mit schwarzer Kapuze, und auf den Treppenstufen sitzen Vgel.
Jemand mit schwarzer Weste und Helm sitzt auf einem Fugngerberweg bewegungslos auf einem orangefarbenen Motorrad.
Drei Kinder, von denen eines auf einem Fahrrad sitzt, gehen an einer Parkgarage vorbei.
Leute stehen an einem Bahnhof und warten auf den Zug.
Eine Frau in weiem Kleid trgt eine Tasche mit Blumenmuster und hat auf dem Rcken ein groes Elfen-Tattoo.
Ein weier Hund schwimmt mit einem Stock im Maul.
Ein hellhutiger Mann im Jeans-Overall mit weier Baseballkappe schaut zwei Mnnern zu, die vor einem Perckengeschft auf Eimern sitzen und Musik machen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau springen auf einer hlzernen Fugngerbrcke vor Begeisterung in die Luft.
Dieses Bild zeigt einen Mann, der allein an der Kaimauer am Meer entlanggeht.
Mehrere Frauen in Burkas und ein Kind in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt gehen ber einen ffentlichen Platz.
Zwei Teenager im Regen an einer Skateranlage.
Gehende, sitzende und stehende Leute vor einem Kaufhaus.
Ein Mann spielt auf einem Brgersteig konzentriert auf seiner Akustikgitarre.
Zwei junge Frauen gehen an einem warmen Tag die Strae entlang.
Zwei Frauen (eine im blauen und eine im orangefarbenen T-Shirt) machen einen Bummel.
Ein Mann verlsst vor einem groen orangefarbenen Gebude eine Brcke.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit blauem Hemdchen und Mtze sitzt im Gras und leckt seine Finger ab.
Eine Frau in eklektischer Kleidung malt einer anderen Frau etwas auf die Hand.
Viele Leute machen offenbar Fotos.
Eine Personengruppe in Badekleidung steht auf einem Feld mit lauter Zelten.
Eine Gruppe von jungen Leuten macht im Freien vor einer Kamelstatue ein Scherzfoto.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt eine Sonnenbrille in der Hand und hat einen Badeanzug an.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern spielt als Band vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann steht auf einem grnen Boot.
Drei Frauen gehen durch einen Tunnel und werden dabei von einem sitzenden Mann beobachtet.
Eine Frau liest in der U-Bahn ein Buch.
Zwei Personen stehen, whrend andere vorbergehen oder vorbereilen
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf Treppenstufen im Freien und unterhalten sich.
Drei Chinesinnen und ein Chinese fhren vor Publikum einen Tanz vor.
Wiederauffhrung eines Walzers alter Schule mit Kostmen - 3 Paare
Ein kleiner Junge mit blondem Haar und blauen Augen steht inmitten einer Wagenladung Wassermelonen, und im Hintergrund stehen Familienmitglieder.
Leute gehen gemeinsam eine Strae entlang.
Fnf Personen  drei Frauen und zwei Mnner  fhren im Freien einen Tanz in zeitgenssischen Kostmen auf.
Eine Frau sitzt auf Treppenstufen, raucht eine Zigarette und arbeitet an ihrem Laptop.
Ein Kleinkind mit roter Hose und schwarzem, kimono-hnlichem Oberteil luft.
Zwei Kinder spielen an einem Kiesstrand am Wasser.
Zwei Personen fahren auf einer Strae auf einem Motorrad an Geschften vorbei.
Zwei Frauen berqueren vor einem Moped, auf dem zwei Personen sitzen, eine Strae.
Zwei Personen unterhalten sich im Hintergrund auf einer Parkbank, whrend vorne in einer Kiste Memorabilien zum Verkauf angeboten werden.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die Kostme aus viktorianischer Zeit tragen, begren sich gegenseitig.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann macht in einem grnen Park ein Nickerchen.
Mnner legen das Fundament fr ein Gebude.
Zwei Frauen gehen an einem Gebude mit einer groen amerikanischen Flagge und an einem stehenden Mann mit orangefarbenem Hemd vorbei.
Drei Polizisten bewachen ein Geschft.
Eine Menschenmenge wartet geduldig an einem Feuerwehrfahrzeug und erhlt Weisungen von einem Feuerwehrmann.
Eine Menschenmenge betrachtet ein nchtliches Feuerwerk.
Ein kleiner Junge im grauem T-Shirt zielt mit einer Pistole, die an einem Lkw befestigt ist.
Kinder in T-Shirts stehen auf einer nassen Terrasse.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem T-Shirt mit einer orangefarbenen Leiter an einer Backsteinmauer.
Eine rothaarige Frau, die ein schwarzes Kleid mit Blumenmuster trgt, kniet neben Gepckstcken und schaut auf ein Mobiltelefon.
Eine groe Gruppe von Leuten berquert eine Strae in der Stadt.
Frauen gehen an einer Ente vorbei, whrend in der Nhe ein Einkaufswagen steht.
Ein farbiges Paar fhrt auf Fahrrdern mit Weiwandreifen eine Strae in der Stadt entlang.
Zwei Frauen mit groen Sonnenhten gehen die Strae entlang.
Viele Leute sitzen nebeneinander auf einer niedrigen Betonmauer, die eine Strae von einer Ladenfront trennt.
Eine Frau trinkt auf einer belebten Strae ein Getrnk.
Sechs Mnner, von denen vier blau angezogen sind, sitzen vor einem Hafenbecken.
Eine Frau im Bikini nimmt im Freien auf einer Decke ein Sonnenbad.
Drei Freunde stehen am Fluss und sprechen ber alte Geschichten.
Zwei Frauen sitzen bei einer Treppe, die mit Graffitis bemalt ist.
Ein Mann steht in einem Geschft und schaut auf einen Computerbildschirm.
2 Mnner in weien Mnteln schauen in einem chinesischen Restaurant zu.
Eine Ente steht auf einem Gehweg, und eine asiatische Frau und ihre beiden Shne gehen auf sie zu.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt in Fenster eines aus Stein errichteten Gebudes.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Hijabs stehen auf einer Brcke, whrend in der Ferne ein Schiff vorberfhrt.
Zwei Personen unterhalten sich neben einer Flagge, auf der ein Auge abgebildet ist.
Der ltliche Busfahrer ffnet die Tr fr einen Fahrgast, der aussteigen muss.
Eine Frau in einem gelben T-Shirt geht an einem Parkplatz vorbei.
Ein gelb gekleideter Mann schickt sich an, unter den Blicken seiner Frau einen Zug von seiner Zigarre zu machen.
Ein Mann fotografiert eine Frau auf einer belebten Strae.
Leute stehen in einer Reihe an und warten darauf, dass der Wachmann sie zu einer Veranstaltung einlsst.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und kariertem Hemd spielt Gitarre.
Zwei Personen, ein Mann und eine Frau, stehen mit einer Band auf einer Bhne.
Ein junges Paar lungert gemeinsam herum.
Drei junge Mnner rudern ein Schlauchboot einen mit Beton eingefassten Wasserlauf entlang.
Eine kleine Band spielt in einem Bistro.
Ein Team von Feuerwehrleuten bespritzt an einer Straenkreuzung ein brennendes und qualmendes Auto mit einem Schlauch.
Leute schauen zu, wie andere Personen auf einer Bhne auftreten.
Drei Personen sitzen in einem Bus und tun alle unterschiedliche Dinge.
Eine Frau mit Rucksack steht bei einem Fahrrad.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse wirft eine Kusshand.
Ein obdachlose Frau schlft vor einem Altar.
Jemand hat ein grnes T-Shirt an und schlft auf dem Brgersteig, whrend eine andere Person mit schwarzer Hose auf der Treppe schlft.
Eine stmmige Frau sitzt vor einer Ausstellung ber die Geschichte der Beatles.
Ein Junge trgt auf seinem Kopf einen groen Sack aus einem Lieferwagen.
Ein Cowboy fllt bei einem Rodeo von einem Pferd.
Ein Mann mit Irokesenschnitt steht mit einem Einkaufswagen auf einem Markt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in orangefarbener Kleidung.
Sechs dunkelhutige Polizisten, eine hellhutige Polizistin und ein hellhutiger Polizist stehen im Freien.
Ein Vater liest seiner kleinen Tochter ein Bilderbuch vor.
Ein Mann und eine Frau springen von einem Steg aus in einen See.
Ein Mann hlt eine blaue Schrpe, die eine Frau im schwarzen Umhang umgelegt hat.
Eine Tankstelle, die M & H heit und an der das Benzin 2,52 Dollar kostet.
Ein blondes Mdchen mit Gummischuhen auf einer Schaukel.
Ein dunkelhutiger Hndler hat es khl unter seinem weien Schirm und wartet auf Kundschaft.
Ein Mann spielt in einer leeren U-Bahn-Station auf einem Keyboard.
Ein Mann mit weiem T-Shirt und Brille sitzt auf dem Boden.
Viele Frauen halten ein Schild mit der Aufschrift Impeach hoch.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten steht bei einem Baum und spielt auf Instrumenten.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem silberfarbenen Pller auf dem Brgersteig und schaut ber die Strae.
Leute laufen eine enge Strae entlang, in der rechts und links Autos abgestellt sind.
Ein Mann hlt ein Schild mit der Aufschrift free hugs ber seinen Kopf.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad und ein Mann, der sich ihm nhert und sich mit ihm unterhlt, und in der Umgebung stehen viele Fahrrder.
Eine Gruppe von jungen Erwachsenen lungert vor einem Gebudeeingang auf dem Brgersteig herum.
Eine Gruppe von Asiatinnen und Asiaten sitzt dicht gedrngt auf dem Boden und ruht sich aus.
Drei Leute transportieren mit einem selbstgebauten Gefhrt Wasser von einem Brunnen.
Drei Mnner sitzen nebeneinander und schauen zur Seite.
Ein durchschnittlich aussehender Mann spielt Gitarre.
Eine Menschenmenge aus Frauen und Mnner versammelt sich auf der Strae unter Schirmen.
Eine braunhaarige Frau malt auf dem Boden ein groes Wandbild.
In einem Raum mit sanftgrnem Anstrich saugt ein Mann Staub, und ein Kleinkind ist bei ihm.
Eine ltere Frau betrachtet sich in einem Spiegel.
Ein Mann in einem dunklen Neoprenanzug surft in einem Ozean mit blauem Wasser.
Drei Jungs und eine Mutter am Hafen.
Eine Frau verziert eine Perle, die zusammen mit anderen Perlen aufgezogen werden soll.
Eine Frau webt an einem traditionellen Webstuhl.
Ein gefleckter Hund streckt seine Schnauze einem Kleinkind ins Gesicht, das diese Zuwendung mit einem Knautschgesicht quittiert.
Der Teenager hat mit seinem Fahrrad die Leute umkurvt, die ber den Hof gehen.
Eine Frau mit Kopfhrer hlt Stift und Papier, whrend sie ihre Fe auf dem Gelnder abgelegt hat.
Diese Aufnahme zeigt einen kleinen Jungen, der einen Fuball trgt, von oben.
Zwei junge Frauen gehen eine sommerliche Strae entlang  eine mit blonden Haaren, die mit dem Handy telefoniert, und eine mit braunen Haaren, die gerade eine Textnachricht schreibt.
Ein lachender Mann in einem Fuballtrikot trgt einen Stapel Videospiele.
Ein Junge spielt auf einem Klettergerst, und vor ihm liegt ein Basketball.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann tanzt im Freien mit einer Frau in einem roten Kleid.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Hollister-T-Shirt geht mit zwei Forever 21-Tten die Strae entlang.
Ein kleiner Junge klettert an einem Spielgert auf einem Spielplatz an einem Seil hoch.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern und Erwachsenen spielt auf einem mit Steinplatten gepflasterten Gehweg mit verschiedenfarbigen Bllen.
Ein Mann spielt in einem Spielmannszug auf einer Trommel.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem T-Shirt und blauer kurzer Hose steht in der Tr eines Ladengeschfts.
Eine Frau arbeitet an ihrem Computer und liest.
Eine Frau mit dunklen roten Haaren und schwarzem Hut betrachtet Kunstwerke in einer Galerie.
Rckenansicht einer Frau, die einer ethnischen Gruppe angehrt, eine blaue Bluse mit Blumen trgt und ein rotes Tuch in ihren Zopf eingeflochten hat.
Offenbar bei einem Wettrennen in Asien fahren drei Personen auf zwei Motorrdern aneinander vorbei.
Mehrere Mnner in blauen Uniformen marschieren.
Eine Menschenschar geht eine antike Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in blauer Joggingkleidung vor einem Wandbild.
Eine hinter ihrem Sonnenschirm verborgene Frau steht an einer Strae.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper watet durch seichtes blaues Wasser.
Ein Fahrradfahrer mit einem rotweien Schirm lsst sich von einer Menschenmenge fotografieren.
Ein Tourist fotografiert einen Radfahrer mit Schirm.
Zwei Mnner versuchen hinter einem roten Motorrad, ein Stck Erde zu pflgen.
Ein Mann mit Kamera und Tasche geht eine Treppe hinauf.
Ein Mann mit gelbem Helm und aufgeklapptem Visier fhrt auf einem roten Motorrad.
Ein Mann neben einem Hawaii-Plakat.
Ein japanisches Paar geht an einem regnerischen Tag die Strae entlang.
Zwei Asiatinnen stehen in Kimonos da und lcheln.
Sieben Personen, von denen drei sitzen und vier stehen, schauen sich in einer Galerie gerahmte Plakatkunstwerke an.
Leute schauen sich eine Kunstausstellung an.
Mehrere Personen sitzen aufgereiht an einem Tisch mit Barhockern und schauen durch eine Fensterfront hinaus.
Ein Mann spielt auf der Strae Gitarre, um sich etwas Geld zu verdienen.
Ein blondes Mdchen, das ein Instrument auf dem Rcken hat und ein graues Tanktop, graue kurze Hosen und zerrissene Nylonstrmpfe trgt und ein Fahrrad dabeihat.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank und hat seine Fe aus einem Skateboard abgelegt.
Ein Mdchen springt in das Schwimmbecken, whrend sich an der Seite andere Personen unterhalten.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt auf den Stufen eines groen Denkmals.
Ein braunhaariger Mann ksst ein schreiendes Baby.
Ein lterer Mann fegt die Strae.
Eine Frau in weiem Kleid hlt im Regen einen blauen Schirm.
Ein lterer dunkelhutiger Mann schiebt sein Fahrrad einen Brgersteig in der Stadt entlang.
Ein junger Mann in rotem T-Shirt trocknet mit zwei Tchern ein weies Auto ab.
Eine Personengruppe steht bei einem Gebude herum.
Ein Junge im schwarzen Kapuzenpulli sitzt auf einer Stufe, auf der moose RVS geschrieben steht.
Ein paar Leute berqueren die Strae.
Eine mnnliche Person mit schwarzem T-Shirt und Jeans klimpert auf einer Gitarre und hlt das Plektron zwischen den Lippen.
Zwei Frauen gehen eine fast leere Strae in der Stadt entlang und schwenken Flaggen.
Lufer nehmen auf abgesperrten Stadtstraen an einem Marathonlauf teil.
Einer der Ringer hlt seinen Gegner am Boden fest.
Eine Frau lsst sich von einem Mann, der nicht im Bild ist, ihre Zigarette anznden.
Ein Nickerchen im Park mit Freunden.
Kinder versammeln sich in einem groen Raum, um eine organisierte Auffhrung zu sehen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Stirnbndern sprechen zu Kindern mit erhobenen Hnden.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten sind auf einem Boot im Wasser.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf Sthlen mit roter Sitzflche im Freien.
Drei Personen fahren auf einer Rolltreppe aufwrts, und ein Mann mit Einkaufswagen fhrt auf der Rolltreppe abwrts.
Eine Frau bindet einem kleinen Mdchen eine Schleife ins Haar.
Zwei Mnner und ein Junge schauen vor einem Backsteingebude nach oben.
Eine Frau im grnen Kleid benutzt ein Mikrofon.
Eine Gruppe von drei kahlkpfigen Mnnern sitzt rauchend auf einer Brstung und unterhlt sich.
Eine Frau und ein Mann genieen ihr Zusammensein im Freien.
Drei Windsurfer reiten auf einem bewegten Gewsser auf den Wellen.
Eine Baby liegt vor einer Frau auf einer Decke.
Mehrere Personen stehen beieinander auf einer Flche, auf der sich ein Baum, viele Fahrrder und etwas Unrat befinden  darunter auch alte Reifen.
Ein Mann, auf dessen Jacke das kanadische Ahornblatt abgebildet ist, verfolgt ein Konzert.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge schwenkt in der Nacht eine Wunderkerze.
Ein Mann malt auf dem Boden ein groes Wandbild.
Eine brtiger Mann sitzt neben einem Boot auf einer Bank.
Drei Frauen in rmellosen Shirts sind mit irgendwelchen Arbeiten beschftigt.
Zwei Frauen, die beide weie Blusen und schwarze Hosen anhaben und von denen eine raucht, sitzen auf einer Apparatur auf dem Brgersteig.
Eine Frau trgt eine Sonnenbrille und lchelt.
Eine groe Gruppe von Asiaten posiert fr ein Foto mit einem Sturmtruppler.
Leute stehen vor einem kleinen Einkaufsladen.
Zwei Frauen mit Kopfbedeckungen und langen Kleidern kaufen bei einem Hndler ein.
Ein kleiner Junge betrachtet ein nchtliches Feuerwerk im Freien.
Eine Gruppe von blonden hellhutigen Jungen geht die Strae entlang und wirkt verloren.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem weien Hemd mit Button-Down-Kragen nht.
Eine Frau im schwarzen Kleid spielt auf einer Ukulele und singt dazu, whrend im Hintergrund ein Mann mit Hut sie mit einem Paar Rasseln und einer Trommel begleitet.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten macht eine Kutschfahrt durch einen Park.
Ein Mann und zwei Kinder, die Rettungswesten tragen, sind in einem Schwimmbecken.
Ein frhliches kleines Mdchen fhrt Karussell.
Eine Frau geht an einer Wand entlang, auf die eine Strae, Blumen, ein Stinktier und eine Schlange aufgemalt sind.
Zwei junge Frauen sitzen in einem Wohnzimmer mit malvenfarbigen Sesseln und essen eine Kleinigkeit.
Eine Frau sitzt unterhalb einer Sphinxskulptur auf einer Bank.
Ein gehender Mann hlt Rosen in der Hand.
Drei Frauen stehen bei einem Strand im Wasser.
Ein Wanderer blickt von einem steilen Felsvorsprung in ein Tal.
Ein schwarzweier Hund spielt im Sand mit einem Golfball.
Ein Angler wartet in aller Ruhe darauf, dass ein Fisch anbeit.
Ein Mann lehnt sich vor einem Gebude an eine Statue an.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem violetten T-Shirt und karierten Shorts spielt mit einem Schnurspielzeug.
Ein Straenknstler, der mit Sprhfarben arbeitet, stellt seine Kunstwerke aus und fertigt dabei eine neue Arbeit an.
Auf einem Bild, das vom Boden aus aufgenommen wurde, geht ein Mann eine verlassene Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera unterhlt sich auf einer Strae mit einem anderen Mann.
Ein Baby in einer violett-gelben Babywippe schreit.
Zwei Kinder spielen in dem Wasser aus einem Wasserspeier, der mit einem Mosaik verkleidet ist.
Ein Mann in rosafarbenem T-Shirt, der sich in eine Telefonzelle quetscht.
Ein japanisches Paar geht an einer Frau mit Kopftuch vorbei, die die Strae entlanggeht.
rzte helfen einem neugeborenen Sugling.
Ein Mdchen isst im Freien einen grnen Apfel, whrend ein anderes Mdchen in die Ferne schaut.
Eine Frau in weiem T-Shirt blickt auf Sofas vor einem mit Graffiti bemalten Gebude.
Ein junger Mann schaut um eine Ecke und hlt dabei sein Telefon in den Hnden.
Zwei Personen gehen einen Gebirgspfad entlang.
Eine unbekannte Strae mit einer Biegung und drei Personen, die sich von der Kamera entfernen.
Die beiden Personen verlassen ein Grillrestaurant.
Ein Mitglied der britischen Knigsgarde patrouilliert vor einem Steingebude.
Ein asiatischer Mann bringt auf dem Gehsteig Rollwagen zu ihrem Bestimmungsort.
Einheimische Muslime feiern die Erffnung eines neuen Restaurants, das von Channel 1 News gesponsort wird.
Leute halten sich auf einem Kirmesfahrgeschft fest.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht vor einem Kleidungsgeschft beieinander.
Ein Mann mit einer Maske und verschiedenen Kleidungsstcken.
Die Steinhuser und Straen im Hintergrund sehen hbsch aus, und auerdem ist eine undeutliche gehende Person zu sehen.
Eine Frau und ein lterer Mann bewegen sich gemeinsam eine Runde.
Zwei mit roter Farbe oder Blut bedeckte Mnner auf einem belebten Gehweg.
Als Zombies verkleidete Leute veranstalten einen Umzug.
Fnf Leute haben sich als Zombies ausstaffiert und haben ein Kleinkind dabei.
Leute gehen eine Strae in einer Stadt entlang.
Eine Frau in kurzem rotem Kleid watet mit angehngten Flgeln durch einen ffentlichen Brunnen.
Eine Frau trgt einen rosafarbenen Cowboyhut.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Haarband und einem schwarzen gepunkteten Oberteil hlt eine Wasserflasche in der Hand.
Eine Frau mit einem farbenfrohen Sommerkleid geht neben einem Mann mit schwarzem T-Shirt und Sonnenbrille.
Eine betagte Frau hlt beim Rauchen die Hnde schtzend um ihre selbstgedrehte Zigarette.
Eine junge Frau mit gestreiftem T-Shirt klettert einen Fels hoch.
Die Person mit dem roten langrmeligen T-Shirt klettert im Schnee einen Fels hoch.
Eine violett gekleidete Asiatin steht in der Fremde da.
Eine Frau in kurzer Hose und Kniestrmpfen geht den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann geht mit einem Gehstock.
Ein Fahrradpolizist oder Wachmann fhrt an einem Outback-Steakhouse vorbei.
Leute fhren sich wie Zombies auf.
Ein Mann mit Sterntattoo, schwarzem T-Shirt und kurzer Hose bewundert ein im Freien ausgestelltes Kunstwerk.
Der Mann mit der roten Krawatte schneidet Grimassen.
Ein Mann mit violettem Pullover und schwarzem Hut macht mit einer gelben Digitalkamera ein Foto.
Ein Mann fotografiert einen Vogel im Wasser.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und dunkler Hose geht eine Strae entlang.
Zwei Mnner in traditioneller Kleidung unterhalten sich.
Ein asiatischer Mann in einem blauen asiatischen Gewand tanzt vor blau gekleideten asiatischen Musikern.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem weien Gewand schickt sich an, etwas zu essen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit einem Umhngetuch sitzen vor einem Gewsser.
Eine Frau wird von einer Polizistin verhaftet.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen an einer leeren Strae vor einem Geschft.
Einige Leute spazieren durch ein altes, verfallenes Stadtgebiet.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen aus einem Wohnzimmer in einen Korridor hinein.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Gebude.
Eine ltere Frau im Kimono hrt etwas mit ihrem Kopfhrer.
Zwei schwarzhaarige Kinder essen mit Stbchen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen spielen in einem stdtischen Brunnen.
Ein Mann steht oben auf einer Brcke und arbeitet.
Ein hellhutiger Mann schwimmt in einem Schwimmbecken auf vielen Schwimmhilfen.
Eine Frau mit Stiefeln steht unter ihrem Schirm und telefoniert.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann steht mit einem Bein auf einer kurzen Mauer und telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen T-Shirt beobachtet eine chemische Reaktion.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern steht drauen auf einer Strae.
Eine Frau sucht die Haare ihres Kindes ab.
Ein Mann mit roter Kappe trgt eine schwarze Reisetasche, gefolgt von einem weiteren Mann mit Cowboyhut.
Eine Frau geht in einer Kunstgalerie die Treppe hoch.
Eine Frau mit grnem T-Shirt, rosafarbenem Rucksack und einer mexikanischen Flagge an der Tasche steht in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Junge hat einen Schwamm in der Hand und wscht Geschirr ab.
Ein Mann steht hinter einem schwarzen Tor.
Eine Frau mit violetten Haaren steht neben einem Mann.
Studenten im Collegealter, von denen die meisten rot angezogen sind, spielen in einer Wasserlache.
Eine Frau im Badeanzug schlft auf einer Bank.
Ein Actionfoto eines Schlagzeugers in kariertem Hemd, der sich vor einer Hecke mit seinem Schlagzeug mchtig ins Zeug legt.
Zwei Kleinkinder und ein jngerer Mann amsieren sich mit ihren Flaschen.
Ein Mann luft einen sandbedeckten Berg hinunter.
Ein Mann lehnt sich an eine Sule und liest ein Buch.
Drei Mnner fahren mit einem Motorschlauchboot durch das Wasser.
Eine wei gekleidete Frau mit einem Baby auf dem Scho.
Eine Frau mit Schal, Handschuhen und angemaltem Gesicht geht vorber.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart spielt auf der Strae Akkordeon.
Eine Frau bestellt bei einem wei gekleideten Mann Eiskrem.
Viele dunkelhaarige Leute haben sich zu irgendeinem Zweck versammelt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen oben auf einer Konstruktion.
Eine lterer Mann steht nachts allein auf einem Brgersteig.
Zwei Mnner schauen auf einen Fuboden, der gerade repariert wird.
Mnner stehen im Freien um einen kleinen Zug herum.
Ein Mann in grngestreiftem Trgerhemd fhrt Skateboard.
Ein lchelnder Bauarbeiter in der Hocke.
Ein gelb gekleideter Junge fhrt mit einem Roller auf der Strae.
Ein junger Typ spielt vor Publikum.
Ein Mann steht am Straenrand in einem Treingang.
Zwei Frauen in Fuballtrikots spielen Fuball.
Ein Junge in einem weien T-Shirt macht an einer Skateranlage einen Trick mit seinem Skateboard.
Ein kleiner Junge rennt ber eine weite Rasenflche.
Zwei Hunde rennen nebeneinander ber das Feld.
Ein alter Mann sitzt auf dem Gehweg und spielt auf seiner Akustikgitarre.
Ein Mann mit Helm vollfhrt auf seinem Fahrrad einen Sprung.
Ein Mann in mittelalterlicher Rstung reitet auf einem Pferd.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Trgerhemd fertigt auf dem Brgersteig mit Pastellfarben ein Kunstwerk an.
Ein lterer Mann geht die Strae entlang.
Ein lateinamerikanischer Mann lehnt sich an eine der Khlboxen an seinem Essensstand.
Ein kleiner Junge geniet das khle Wasser.
Ein junger Mann in schwarzem T-Shirt und Jeans, der einen Koffer fr ein Musikinstrument trgt, berquert eine Strae.
Zwei Frauen sitzen neben einer Bronzestatue auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann und eine Frau auf Fahrrdern gren sich vor einem Gebude.
Eine Frau, die sich verletzt hat, hat sich hingesetzt und ihr Bein auf einem Gehgestell abgelegt.
Ein trauriges Mdchen sitzt vor einem Fahrrad, das in einem Baum hngt, auf einem Holzstamm und sttzt den Kopf in die Hnde.
Ein Paar in Gesellschaftskleidung gnnt sich einen informellen Moment im Brunnen.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten auf einem Anleger, auf dessen anderer Seite ein Boot liegt.
Eine Autofahrerin starrt aus ihrem Autofenster eine Katze auf der Strae an.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Weste flstert einem lchelnden Mdchen etwas ins Ohr.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten steht hinter einem Zaun, und viele machen Fotos.
Eine verhrmt aussehende Rothaarige mittleren Alters, die eine weie Bluse und eine silberne Halskette trgt, hat ihr Ohr an einem gelben Telefon und hrt zu.
Leute stehen herum und halten nach etwas Ausschau.
Eine Frau in einem langen blauen Kleid steht am Straenrand gebeugt neben einem weien Eimer.
Ein kleines Mdchen schlft auf jemandes Schulter.
Mnner in weien Gewndern tragen einen Gegenstand auf ihren Schultern.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten auf einer Baustelle.
Eine blonde Frau in Geschftskleidung mit schwarzem Rock spricht mit einer Kundendienstmitarbeiterin.
Eine Frau geht durch Reihen von Kindern.
Ein Mann geht mit einer gelben Tasche in der Hand an einem rosaroten Hotel vorber.
Ein Mann in grnem Trgerhemd hlt sich den Bauch.
Eine Teenagerin in T-Shirt und Badeanzug springt mit den Fen voran in ein Gewsser.
Ein Soldat bringt Kindern bei, wie man mit einem Gewehr umgeht.
Leute versammeln sich auf einer Strae, whrend ein Mann mit Hut auf einem Stuhl sitzt.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen grbt an einem sonnigen Nachmittag im Schnee.
Ein Mann in kurzen Hosen und rosafarbenem T-Shirt schaufelt Schnee.
Ein kleines Kind in rosafarbener Kleidung steht in einer Trffnung.
Ein lterer Mann, der ein Paket hlt, steht vor einem Plakat, auf dem ein Mdchen mit Kopfhrer zu sehen ist.
Ein Mann in rotem T-Shirt sitzt auf einem Motorroller und dreht sich um.
Eine Menschenansammlung steht am Straenrand bei einer Art Geschft.
Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch mit einem kleinen Feuer.
Ein Mann mit Hut dreht sich um und lchelt in die Kamera.
Eine Menschenmenge schwenkt rotweie Flaggen.
Zwei Frauen in weien Oberteilen stehen auf dem Brgersteig bei einem Mann und einer Frau mit Gepck.
Eine belebte Strae mit Absperrungen, auf der die Fugnger von der Polizei gelotst werden.
Ein Mann steht auf dem Heck eines Mllfahrzeugs.
Leute laufen mit Schirmen die Strae entlang.
Kinder, die sich vielleicht in ihrer Schule oder vielleicht auf einem Schulausflug befinden.
Drei Personen schauen sich intensiv ein kleines Gemlde an.
Ein Mann berquert eine Strae, auf der keep clear steht.
Zwei Menschen sind im Meer.
Ein Fahrradfahrer transportiert verschieden groe Metalleimer.
Ein groer Kran reit ein Gebude ab, whrend dicht dabei eine Person auf einer erhhten Plattform Wasser aus einem Schlauch spritzt.
Vier Frauen, die mit dem Rcken zum Betrachter stehen und entweder Bikinioberteile oder Trgerhemden anhaben.
Eine junge Erwachsene wirft einen Softball zur Homebase.
Zwei kleine Jungs in Uniform sitzen auf dem Boden und essen Reis mit den Hnden.
Zwei Frauen, von denen die eine traditionelle mexikanische Kleidung trgt, helfen einem Kind beim berqueren der Strae, und ein Mann schaut zu.
Ein Mdchen in blauem Kleid steht auf dem Brgersteig neben einem Holzmast.
Ein Kind und eine Frau in traditioneller Tracht auf der Strae.
Ein Mann im T-Shirt hlt einen Sugling, der seine Hnde nach seinem Gesicht ausstreckt.
Eine barfige Frau liest am Wasser ein Buch.
Zwei muslimische Mnner mit Turban gehen durch eine Stadt.
Ein Fan bei einem Fuballspiel trgt eine rote Lockenpercke.
Eine in hellem Farben gekleidete Frau geht an einem Jeep Cherokee vorbei, der hinter einem Zaun steht.
Zwei Mnner in einem kleinen Boot schauen ber das Wasser.
Ein Mann im Overall und mit Handschuhen liegt unter einem Lastwagen.
Leute laufen eine mit Ziegelsteinen gepflasterte Strae entlang, in der am Rand Autos abgestellt sind.
Ein Mann im Rollstuhl wird zu einem Mnch hingeschoben.
Ein Mann liest eine Zeitung.
Leute, die auf den Strand schauen, und eine Frau in einem weinroten Trgerhemd, die ein Foto macht.
Eine Frau mit weiem Kleid und ttowiertem Bein schaut auf die Kamera ihres Freundes.
Zwei Mnner protestieren mit Schildern vor einem Kongresszentrum, an dem ein Schild mit der Aufschrift eXXXotica Miami Beach angebracht ist.
Zwei Mnner in Jeans gehen an einer groen Steinmauer entlang.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und blauer Jeans fhrt seinen Hund aus.
Eine Frau in weiem Kleid fhrt Fahrrad.
Eine Brgersteigszene mit einem Mdchen in weiem T-Shirt, das sich in den Daumen beit.
Ein junger Mann mit Rucksack und blauer Sonnenbrille berquert die Strae.
Ein Mann mit kurzen Haaren, weiem Hemd und khakifarbener Hose geht an einem schwarzen Auto vorbei und hlt einen weien Notizblock in der Hand.
Ein Mann mit weiem Hemd und Krawatte berquert die Strae.
Eine Frau mit kurzen, gewellten roten Haaren, Brille und rmellosem, hellbraunen Hemd geht eine Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten geht durch eine Einkaufspassage oder einen Bahnhof.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann im Straenanzug gestikuliert im Sitzen mit seinen Hnden, und ein hellhutiger Mann hrt zu.
Ein Mann im roten Hemd ksst einen anderen Mann.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit Sprhfarbe an einem Wandbild.
Eine Gebude hat viele Balkone, und an seinem Zaun wachsen verschiedene Pflanzen.
Ein Mdchen steht bei Sonnenuntergang auf einer Schotterstrae.
Ein beleibter Mann und ein Hund sitzen vor einer Statue.
Eine Gruppe von grnblau gekleideten Jungs winkt einer Zuschauermenge mit grnblauen Flaggen zu.
Ein Radfahrer auf einem Radweg.
Feuerwehrfahrzeuge stehen in der Nacht um ein brennendes Gebude herum und bespritzen es aus verschiedenen Richtungen mit Wasser.
Ein Mann probiert ein Teleskop aus, whrend ein kleiner Junge zuschaut und beide in einem Gedenkpark stehen.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer fhrt mit einem Gelndemotorrad einen steinigen Hgel hoch.
Drei Frauen gehen auf einer Strae.
Eine Frau hlt ihr Kind neben einem Schild mit der Aufschrift Color TV aus einem roten Fenster.
Jemand in Sandalen ist hinter groen Fubllen verborgen.
Eine schwarzhaarige und komplett schwarz gekleidete Frau sitzt auf einem Felsblock und schaut in die Ferne.
Ein blaues Verkehrsschild wird teilweise von benachbartem Blattwerk verdeckt.
Eine Frau mit Strickmtze, dunkler Jacke und Pullover mit waagerechten braunen Streifen fhrt lchelnd auf Schlittschuhen, dicht gefolgt von zwei weiteren Frauen.
Kinder spielen in Springbrunnen in einer Stadt.
Diese beiden Arbeiter sind damit beschftigt, eine Art Metallbauwerk zu errichten.
Ein Mann bewundert an einem ungewohnten Ort die Gegend.
Eine Frau in rotem Mantel verlsst ein Fotogeschft.
Ein Mann mit Schirm steht im Regen.
Gruppen von Leuten fahren in Schlauchbooten flussabwrts.
Einige Personen paddeln in einem Schlauchboot.
Ein Kind schwimmt in einem Strom, whrend andere Kinder warten, bis sie an der Reihe sind, um von einem Felsen zu springen.
Eine Gruppe von jungen Leuten fhrt in einem Boot und trgt Rettungswesten.
Ein Baby und drei Katzen ruhen sich auf einem Bett aus.
Ein alter Mann sitzt rauchend auf den Stufen.
Einem Mann in gestreiftem T-Shirt hngt eine Kamera ber die Schulter.
Zwei Personen gehen mit einem Hund und mit Schirmen zu Fu.
Ein Mann im hellgrnen T-Shirt, der einen breitkrempigen Hut aufhat, sitzt mit drei anderen Mnnern auf einer Betoneinfassung.
Leute mit Rettungswesten sitzen in einem Boot und paddeln.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten in Rettungswesten steht auf einem groen Felsbrocken im Gebirge.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Stiermaske in einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau setzt sich hin, um in einem Spielsalon ein Videospiel zu spielen.
Ein Mann mit Brille spielt hinter einem Notenstnder Gitarre.
Eine Frau in weier Bluse und grauem Rock steht unter einem weien Schirm.
Jemand in einem gelben T-Shirt und Hose mit Tarnmuster geht einen Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Kind sitzt in einem Zimmer und hat seinen Kopf auf seinen Arm gelegt.
Ein Mann hlt bei einem Grillfest eine Grillzange.
Ein langhaariger Mann in weiem T-Shirt und Jeans spielt im Stehen auf einem Keyboard.
Eine frhliche Frau whlt grne und weie Blumen aus.
Ein Mann mit orangefarbenem Gewand und Sandalen geht an einer blassorangefarbenen Wand entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten schaut durch ein Mikroskop.
Eine rot gekleidete Frau nippt an einem Getrnk und schaut dabei die Leute an, die sich unterhalb von ihr befinden.
Zwei junge Asiaten in kurzen Hosen warten am Straenrand.
Eine Frau, die einen Rock trgt, liest auf einer Steinbank ein Buch.
Eine Junge zieht einen Hotdog-Wagen, den ein Mann von hinten anschiebt.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten geht vor Gebuden eine Strae in der Stadt entlang.
Ein dunkles Bhnenbild wird zusammengebaut.
Ein Mann in einem roten T-Shirt und eine Frau in einem grnen T-Shirt auf einem silberfarbenen Moped.
Eine Frau in Sandalen schiebt einen Gemsekarren.
Eine Frau in schwarzem Kleid lehnt sich an ein Gebude und raucht eine Zigarette.
Vier Asiaten sitzen in einem Gebude auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann geht vor dem bunten Gebude den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Teenager in einem blauen T-Shirt fhrt mit seinem Skateboard an einer Blockbuster-Videothek vorbei.
Ein lterer Mann mit Sombrero macht auf einem Elektromobil seinen Schuheinkauf.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen T-Shirt steht vor einem Rettungsfahrzeug.
Ein Mann spielt Saxofon, whrend sich die Leute auf der Strae die Musik anhren.
Ein Mann steht an eine blaue Wand gelehnt und trgt sein T-Shirt auf dem Kopf.
Whrend der Himmel mit weien Schfchenwolken gesprenkelt ist, stehen neben einem Bereich mit Sitzgelegenheiten mit grnen Schirmen zwei Personen beieinander.
Viele Mnner nehmen im Sitzen gemeinsam eine Mahlzeit ein.
Zwei Tnzer geben bei einer ffentlichen Veranstaltung eine Vorfhrung.
Eine Frau geht an einer Gruppe von drei Mnnern vorbei.
Eine Band, die aus lteren Mnnern besteht, steht auf der Bhne, lchelt und klatscht in die Hnde.
Ein Mann geht ber eine Rasenflche auf dem Mittelstreifen einer Strae.
Eine Frau mit ppigen Brsten und gelbem T-Shirt trgt eine rosafarbene Umhngetasche ber der Schulter.
Zwei Mnner stehen vor einem schbigen Gemsestand.
Drei Jungen schauen im Park spielenden Kindern zu.
Ein Mann im Gladiatorenkostm steht auf einer belebten Strae.
Ein Inder mit Hut sitzt da und lchelt.
Eine Frau in blauem Top geht inmitten einer Menschenmenge.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau sitzt auf steinernen Stufen und schaut nach vorn.
Ein lterer Mann in weiem Hemd sitzt auf einem Gehsteig.
Eine Frau in hellbraunem Kleid kmmert sich auf dem Markt um ihre Waren.
Ein dunkelhaariger Drummer spielt mit Begeisterung auf seinem Schlagzeug.
Eine Frau mit einem grnen Aeropostale-T-Shirt und grnem Armreif geht mit gesenktem Kopf die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd geht mit seltsamen Gegenstnden in seinen Hnden ber die Strae.
Fnf Kinder, die alle in einer anderen Farbe gekleidet sind, sind auf einer Rutsche.
Ein Mann verkauft an einem Essenswagen Mais.
Ein Mann, der neben einem Auto steht, hlt seine Hnde in die Hhe.
Eine Frau mit Piercings im Gesicht und roten Haaren.
Ein junger Mann in Jeans geht mit einem Stapel Papier auf dem Kopf einen Brgersteig entlang.
Eine Frau geht mit roten Einkaufstaschen die Kopfsteinpflasterstrae entlang.
Ein Gruppe von Leuten nimmt in einer belebten Lokalitt im Freien eine Mahlzeit zu sich.
Ein lterer Mann trinkt in einem Caf Orangensaft.
Eine dunkelhaarige Person mit weiem Tanktop, roter Hose und weien Schuhen geht einen Gehweg entlang, auf dem an eine Mauer gelehnte Kunstwerke ausgestellt werden.
Eine Frau in langem Rock geht ber die Strae.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosaroten Hemd sitzt auf einer Sitzbank im Stadion.
Eine Familie ruht sich vor ihrem Wohnmobil aus und trinkt kaltes Wasser.
Ein Mann luft an einem sonnigen Tag an einem Gebude vorbei.
Ein Paar wird vor einem groen Brunnen im Freien fotografiert.
Mehrere Personen stehen auf einem Fahrradstnder, um sich ber eine Tribne hinweg etwas anzusehen.
Eine Frau macht inmitten einer Menschenansammlung Seifenblasen.
Eine Taube fliegt zu einer Frau, die von einem Taubenschwarm umgeben ist.
Eine Schlergruppe auf Oberstufenfahrt schaut ber eine Balustrade.
Eine Familie, die mit einem Wohnmobil campt, sitzt um einen Tisch herum.
Eine hbsche junge Frau tanzt auf einer Bhne und sieht wunderschn aus.
Mehrere Personen stehen in einem Waldgebiet bei einem Wohnmobil, das deutlich zu sehen ist, whrend auerdem zwei ltere Mnner und zwei Kinder zu sehen sind, darunter ein kleines Mdchen, das lchelt.
Ein Junge, der im Wasser steht, hlt einen gelben Football.
Eine Mutter und ihre beiden Kinder lesen vor einem Gebude mit orangefarben gekleideten Arbeitern ein Buch.
Drei kleine Kinder spielen in einem Springbrunnen.
Eine Frau, die mit einem jungen Mdchen in einem Schwimmbecken schwimmt, wirft einen Football.
Kinder und eine Frau spielen in einem Springbrunnen.
Leute stehen mit Koffern auf einer belebten Strae.
Eine Gruppe lterer Mnner versammelt sich in der Wildnis.
Ein Mann, der einen bunten und gestreiften Pullover trgt, macht Straenmusik.
Eine Frau in dunkler Jacke sitzt auf einer Bank.
Eine Sngerin und Tnzerin steht bei einem Jazzfestival in einem weien Kleid mit aufgedrucktem Blumenmuster auf der Bhne.
Ein Mann rudert mit einem Boot ber einen Fluss in einer Stadt.
Drei Leute stehen auf einer Betonmauer am Meer.
Drei Frauen springen hoch und strecken ihre Hnde in die Luft.
Drei Mnner stehen an der Kante eines Abbruchhauses.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Parkplatz und lchelt fr die Kamera.
Vor einem groen Baum in einem Park verkauft ein Knstler seine Gemlde.
Zwei Frauen mit Batik-BHs, bunten Halsketten und kurzen Jeans-Shorts.
Ein mder Mann schlft am Straenrand auf seinem Motorrad.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack steht an einer mit Bumen gesumten Strae.
Ein Mann posiert mit ausgebreiteten Armen, whrend auf dem Boden gefaltete Kleidungsstcke und Kartons liegen.
Leute gehen bei einem Smart ber die Strae.
Leute, die die Strae berqueren, und ein Mann auf dem Brgersteig.
Eine Frau in blauem T-Shirt und schwarzer Hose zupft ihre weie Socke zurecht.
Ein Mann mit Brille spricht oder singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine frhliche Frau und ein junger Erwachsener lassen sich fotografieren.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten sitzt bei bemalten Wnden im Freien.
Eine Schar junger Leute sitzt auf einem Betonbauwerk.
Ein Mann in rot-wei-blauen Shorts schaut konzentriert auf etwas, was sich sich unterhalb von ihm befindet.
Ein langhaariger Typ spielt Schlagzeug.
Zwei Frauen in Krankenhauskleidung sind auf einem Brgersteig, und diejenige von ihnen, die gelbe Schuhe trgt, macht einen Luftsprung.
Ein Snger mit Sonnenbrille singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters mit einer weien Bluse sitzt an einem Tisch vor einem Restaurant.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten steht auf einer Strae in der Stadt beieinander.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten wartet am Fu der Treppe darauf, dass zwei Mnner in Anzgen heruntergehen.
Eine Frau in braunem Kleid interviewt zwei Mnner.
In New York City stehen riesige durchsichtige Bren auf der Strae.
Asiaten gehen mit ihren Einkufen eine Marktstrae entlang.
In einer Stadt fhrt jemand auf dem Fahrrad an einem Geschft namens Kenji vorbei.
Eine Frau liegt auf einem Feld.
In einem kleinen Geschft namens Jump Shop schauen sich Kunden die Waren an.
Zwei Jungs fahren auf der Strae Fahrrad.
Ein Kind und ein Elternteil oder lteres Geschwisterkind machen eine Wanderung.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete asiatische Mnner sitzen im Freien und unterhalten sich.
Eine junge Person mit schwarzer Hose und einem braunen Fedora benutzt auf einem Gehsteig in der Stadt sein Mobilgert.
Ein Junge hat ein schwarzes T-Shirt an.
Auf einem Bahnsteig spricht ein wei gekleideter Mann mit einem schwarz gekleideten Mann.
Mehrere Leute warten auf die Ankunft von etwas.
Eine Frau mit Cowboyhut sitzt auf der unberdachten Tribne und schaut bei irgendeinem viehwirtschaftlichen Wettkampf zu.
Musiker spielen in Coney Island im Bundesstaat New York auf der Bhne.
Ein Paar sitzt Arm in Arm nebeneinander und schaut hinaus auf den Fluss.
Ein Autor signiert sein Buch fr einen Fan.
Viele Erwachsene und Kinder nehmen in einem ffentlichen Bereich eine Mahlzeit zu sich.
Ein Mdchen geht an einer Parkgarage vorbei.
Der Wandschmuck und die Wandbilder neben dem East Side Hotel bekunden, dass sie Berlin lieben.
Leute, die sich bei einer Veranstaltung in Buden und auerhalb von Buden aufhalten.
Ein Mdchen in roter Jacke spielt bei einem Volksfest oder in einem Zirkus Gitarre.
Ein junger Mann mit langen, dunklen Haaren spielt auf einer Bhne Gitarre.
Eine Gruppe wei gekleideter Leute mit roten Schrpen geht eine Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten sitzt bei einem Imbissstand.
Dieser Familienschnappschuss zeigt eine Tochter, die ihrer Mutter in der Kche hilft.
Ein Gitarrist mit langen Haaren spielt bei einem Konzert Gitarre.
Eine Frau mit Hut entfernt sich von dem kleinen Wagen eines Eisverkufers.
Hinter einem gehenden Mann sind hohe Gebude und Spiegelungen zu sehen.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau mit Afro-Frisur und Brille geht eine Strae in Chinatown entlang, telefoniert und trgt ein buntes Halstuch.
Zwei Typen gehen eine Strae entlang.
Eine Band macht auf der Bhne bei blaugrnem Licht und vor rotem Hintergrund Musik, whrend in der Bhnenmitte ein DJ in weiem T-Shirt steht.
Jemand in einem roten Mantel spielt auf einer E-Gitarre.
Vor einer Moschee steht ein Mann, der religise Utensilien verkauft.
Ein Paar schaut von einer Brcke aus ins Meer.
Zwei Mnner mit Brillen und groen Schnurrbrten mit britischen Flaggen im Hintergrund.
Das ist einer dieser Orte, an dem es praktisch nichts gibt, was es nicht gibt.
Zwei Frauen in aufeinander abgestimmten Rcken, die mit Union Jacks bedruckt sind, gehen ber eine Kirmes.
Ein Typ spielt auf einer Bhne Gitarre und lchelt.
Eine Frau, die auf einer Rasenflche liegt, macht mit ihrer Kamera ein Foto.
Eine Frau mit grnem T-Shirt lehnt sich an eine weie Sule.
Eine Frau mit roter Kopfbedeckung steht bei einem Mann im gestreiften Hemd.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem Trgerhemd ruht sich aus.
Zwei Frauen mit Schirmen berqueren die Strae und gehen dabei zwischen zwei Autos hindurch.
Hunde schlafen in einem asiatischen Land auf einer Betonstrae im Freien.
Eine grauhaarige Frau steht bei einer Gemseauslage auf dem Markt.
Drei frhliche kleine Mdchen posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann sitzt auf dem Fahrgastsitz einer Rikscha mit drei Rdern.
Ein Mann mit Hut und orangefarbener Jacke steht neben einer weiblichen Schaufensterpuppe, die in Plastik eingepackt ist.
Ein junges Mdchen spielt bei einem Hydranten, der Wasser versprht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die grn gekleidet sind, stehen neben einem Pfeiler.
Eine sechskpfige Gruppe von Leuten wartet irgendwo, wobei sich 4 von ihnen miteinander unterhalten.
Eine Nutte an einer Straenecke.
Eine Frau in Badeanzug und kurzer Hose geht mit einem schwarzen Hut und Sonnenbrille die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann mit dem Rcken zur Kamera schaut ber einen Wald.
Eine Frau, die einen Rock trgt, telefoniert drauen vor einem Restaurant.
Zwei Mnner sitzen beisammen, und auf der Wand hinter ihnen ist ein Kalender.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Hemd und weien Sandalen ist beim Zeitunglesen eingeschlafen.
Ein Mann, der von der Kamera abgewandt ist, sitzt auf einem trkisfarbenen Hocker.
Eine Familie mit kleinen Kindern und Koffern geht ber eine gepflasterte Flche.
Ein Mann und Kinder ziehen neben einem groen Globus Taschen hinter sich her.
Zwei Mnner in Uniform stehen auf einer Strae und unterhalten sich.
Jemand steht bei einem Abfallhaufen auf dem Brgersteig.
Zwei Personen sitzen um einen Baum herum, und ein Mann posiert bei dem Baum.
Ein Mdchen in Jeans sitzt auf einem Felsblock und lsst sich fotografieren.
Ein Mann verkauft auf dem Markt frisches Obst.
Eine stmmige Frau in gelbem T-Shirt hlt ein Schild mit spanischer Aufschrift.
Ein Herr mit rotem Hemd, Brille und grau meliertem Haar steht in einem Raum voller sitzender Menschen.
Drei Personen sitzen zusammen an einem Tisch.
Eine Frau mit grnem Hemd und schwarzem Helm rauft mit einem Mann in Jeans und hellblauem T-Shirt.
Eine Menschenansammlung wartet an einem Gebude.
Ein Mann im weien Hemd spielt auf einem Cello neben einer schwarz gekleideten Frau, die auf einer Harfe spielt.
Wenn man sich bei feuchtem Wetter damit abmht, auf einem Gerst zu arbeiten.
Der Mann mit dem Fahrrad wartet darauf, dass das Auto vorbeifhrt, damit er die Strae berqueren kann.
Ein Mann in schwarzem Anzug spricht an einem Rednerpult.
Drei Mnner, von denen einer eine Zigarette im Mund hat, sitzen auf einem Steinsims.
Drauen vor einem Gebude trgt ein Mann Flaggen bei sich.
Ein Mann, der eine Kutsche und zwei Pferde lenkt, fhrt die Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Jungs spielt Fuball.
Ein alter Mann, hinter dem Fensterscheiben mit vielen Wahlwerbeplakaten zu sehen sind.
Eine Frau in blauem Kleid geht auf einem Brgersteig.
Eine ltere Frau in einem blau gestreiften T-Shirt unterhlt sich auf der Strae mit jemandem.
Eine komplett schwarz gekleidete Frau geht am Fenster eines Kaufhauses vorbei.
Ein Mann im Anzug hlt vor einer Leinwand, auf der ein Logo zu sehen ist, eine amerikanische Flagge.
Ein Paar geht Hand in Hand auf dem Brgersteig an einem Haus vorbei.
Eine wei und rot gekleidete Menschenmenge marschiert durch einen roten Durchgang in einer Gasse, whrend rechts zwei Mnner mit Bechern in der Hand zuschauen.
Zwei ltere Mnner warten darauf, dass sie die Strae berqueren knnen.
Eine protestierende Menschenmenge mit einem Mann im Vordergrund.
Ein Mann, der ein weies T-Shirt anhat, schiebt ein Fahrrad den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein junges Mdchen mit einem kurzen roten Kleid telefoniert und hlt dabei eine hellblaue Tasche in der Hand.
Ein Typ hantiert im Sitzen mit einem Heftgert, und ein anderer Typ schaut zu.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann sitzen an einem Tisch und essen.
Einige Asiaten versammeln sich zu einer Veranstaltung in einer Sporthalle.
Zwei Frauen, die beide schwarze T-Shirts anhaben, essen etwas.
Leute in gelben T-Shirts besuchen ein Konzert.
Viele Schlerinnen und Schler, die im Wartebereich auf den Transport warten, fotografieren sich vor ihrer Heimfahrt gegenseitig.
Kinder spielen in einer SpongeBob-Hpfanlage.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern sitzt an einem Tisch, und ein Kind hlt ein weies Stck Papier.
Zwei Mdchen stehen hinter einem weiteren Mdchen.
Ein Mann im gestreiften T-Shirt lchelt, macht eine Zeigebewegung und hlt ein Bndel Halsketten.
Drei Personen lmmeln auf Bnken und schauen sich die Leute im Park an.
Mehrere Radfahrer fahren auf einem Radweg durch eine Stadt.
Ein Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper und Dreadlocks spielt mit Jonglierstben.
Ein Fan der Boston Celtics isst vor der Partie zwischen Boston und Lakers etwas zu Mittag.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann mit Bart spielt vor grnen Tren Akkordeon.
Ein Mann und eine lachende Frau sitzen an einem blauen Tisch, auf dem eine Styroporbox steht.
Eine Frau klebt ein Blatt Papier mit einer Nachricht an eine Tafel.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einer Bank, wobei einer der Mnner seinen Kopf in seinen Scho gelegt und einen groen gelben Sack neben sich stehen hat.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack hngt in einer Eingangshalle ein Schild an einen Pfosten.
Ein Junge zeigt auf die Zahl Eins und macht mit seinem Finger die Zahl Eins als Geste nach.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen nebeneinander und schtteln sich die Hnde.
Vier junge Asiatinnen stehen im Freien bei einem leeren Pappkarton und versuchen, mit Strohhalmen Getrnke aus gelben Bechern zu schlrfen.
Die drei Personen unterhalten sich miteinander.
Kleine Kinder zeigen ein Spiel, das man in ihrem Heimatland spielt.
Ein Mann und ein Kind kaufen Eiskrem von einem Mann mit einem Eiswagen, der von Hand geschoben wird.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen an einem Tisch, und die Frau hlt ihre Hnde zum Peace-Zeichen in die Hhe.
Ein Mann und eine Frau setzen sich.
Vier kleine Kinder in schwarzer und roter Hochzeitskleidung spielen auf dem Boden.
Jemand auf einem Fahrrad zieht einen mit Stcken voll beladenen Wagen.
Ein Mann in einem farbenfrohen Hemd ist als Clown verkleidet.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Kleid sitzt auf den Stufen, um eine Kleinigkeit zu essen.
Die Frau mit Fliege geht durch die Straen von New York.
Eine Gruppe von Straentrommlern spielt, und einige Zuschauer tanzen.
Ein Mann mit Strohhut und Rucksack fhrt auf einem motorisierten Skateboard.
Drei Frauen liegen mit Blick zum Meer am Strand.
Jemand hrt Musik ber seinen Kopfhrer und geht eine verlassene Strae entlang.
Ein Typ in einem Bro repariert die Kaffeemaschine.
Ein Mann in einem roten T-Shirt steuert auf eine Strae in Santo Domingo sein fahrradhnliches Fahrzeug.
Zwei Frauen gehen einen Gehsteig entlang.
Eine junge Frau in hellblauer Kleidung geht einen schn gestalteten Gehweg entlang.
Eine Frau in einer hellbraunen Jacke geht einen belebten Brgersteig entlang.
Zwei Mnner auf einem Motorrad, auf dem sich auch eine Khlbox befindet, sehen aus wie Polizisten und haben Mtzen auf.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem gelben Auto in der Sonne und wischt sich die Stirn.
Ein Mann mit Gehrschutzkopfhrer auf dem Kopf spht durch das Schutzgitter eines schweren Baufahrzeugs.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen, und links steht ein Mann.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil und orangefarbenen Shorts geht auf der Strae.
Ein Mann schiebt seinen blau angestrichenen Essenswagen durch die Strae.
Eine Frau und 2 kleine Kinder spielen in einem Bodenspringbrunnen.
In der Abenddmmerung rennen Leute nach der U-Bahn.
Frauen und Mnner trinken etwas auf dem Achterdeck eine Bootes, das in einem Yachthafen festgemacht hat.
Ein Mann starrt hinaus ber ein Bahnbetriebswerk hinweg.
Vier Personen stehen bei einigen Fahrrdern, und eine von ihnen zeigt in eine Richtung.
Ein Mann spricht auf der Bhne vor einer Flagge in ein Mikrofon zu einer Menschenmenge.
Auf einer Matte stehen drei Personen, von denen eine Gurtzeug angelegt hat.
Mnner gehen eine Strae entlang und trommeln.
Eine Mitarbeiterin eines Fischmarktes wiegt Ware auf der Waage aus.
Ein Mann kauft auf dem Markt Gemse.
Zwei braune Hunde spielen im Wasser miteinander.
Mnner bummeln durch ein ziegelgepflastertes und hell erleuchtetes Geschftsviertel.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tauschen in einem groen leeren Raum Zrtlichkeiten aus.
2 Kinder auf einem Schiff schauen weg, blauer Boden.
Ein kleines Kind lchelt und schaut aus seinem Fenster.
Vor einem Gap-Geschft schaut sich eine Menschenansammlung etwas an.
Eine ltere Frau holt am Straenstand einer anderen Frau Geld aus ihrer Geldbrse.
Ein Mann in khakifarbener Hose und eine Frau in einem Rock berqueren eine Strae.
Ein junges Mdchen, dessen Gesicht mit Tarnfarben bemalt ist, hlt ein rosafarbenes Schild hoch.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich mitten auf der Strae.
Zwei Frauen in Rcken stehen auf einer ffentlichen Strae hinter einer Metallabsperrung.
Zwei Leute unterhalten sich im Stehen miteinander.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge hat sich auf einer Buchmesse hingesetzt und liest ein Buch, und eine Frau schaut zu.
Eine Frau schaut auf ihr Mobiltelefon, whrend ein Mann sie ansieht.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Rock geht neben ihrem Fahrrad her.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten sitzt vor einem Lagerfeuer.
Eine Frau mit Turnschuhen und Rock fegt einen Lagerraum aus.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten marschiert in einem Umzug und schwenkt Flaggen.
Eine Vierergruppe vielleicht spanischer oder portugiesischer junger Leute, die rote Halstcher tragen, wobei einer von ihnen dies aufflligerweise nicht tut, spazieren einen Boulevard entlang.
Sie scheinen sich fr den Wettkampf zu rsten.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute sitzt an der Bar und unterhlt sich.
Auf einem ffentlichen Platz wird ein Gelndewagen der US-Armee (ein Humvee) ausgestellt.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf grnen Sthlen, und ein kleiner Junge in einem roten T-Shirt macht ein Gang-Zeichen.
Ein Mann in blauer Speedo-Badehose hlt eine schwarze Schwimmbrille in der Hand.
Es hat sich eine Gruppe von Leuten mit weien T-Shirts und roten Halstchern versammelt.
Einige Leute schauen auf eine Anschlagwand mit Mitteilungen in chinesischer Sprache.
Ein junger Mann im Geschftsanzug sitzt mit gesenktem Kopf im Bus.
Ein kleines Kind mit gelbem T-Shirt steht auf dem Brgersteig.
Mehrere Leute waschen sich mit Duschen am Strand ab.
Eine Gruppe in gelb-orangefarbenen Hemden ist mit Mountainbikes unterwegs.
Ein Mann mit Brille und ein junges Mdchen lcheln fr die Kamera, und das Mdchen macht ein Peace-Zeichen.
Drei Mdchen fahren Achterbahn.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grnen T-Shirt isst Schokoladeneis.
Ein Mann in grauem T-Shirt sitzt, an einen Baum gelehnt, auf einem Gehweg.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit schwarzen Zpfen fhrt auf einem rosaroten Fahrrad mit Sttzrdern.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer weien Bluse steht vor Bchern.
Ein Mann in blauer Jeans sitzt vor einem Geschft.
Ein Kajakfahrer berquert einige aufgewhlte Stromschnellen.
Der Mann fhrt mit einem gelben Kajak durch raues Wasser.
Ein Mann steht in einer Arbeitsnische mit einem Stuhl, ber dem ein Sporttrikot hngt.
Eine Frau singt auf einer Bhne, whrend ein Mann ihren Gesang auf einem Instrument begleitet.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Mantel spielt unter einem Baum Gitarre.
Eine Gruppe lterer Leute besucht einen Marktstand, an dem ein Hahn steht.
Eine Frau wartet auf eine U-Bahn.
Zwei kleine Jungs mit Lffeln rhren in zwei Metallpfannen etwas um.
Ein Mann zieht einen Wagen, der mit Eimern, Wischmobs und Besen voll beladen ist.
Eine Frau mit hellrotem Lippenstift, Sonnenbrille und roter Karobluse schaut in die Kamera.
Ein Mann hat ein rotes Hemd und eine rote Weste an.
Eine Frau in einer Jacke mit hochgeklappter Kapuze geht allein eine belebte Strae entlang.
Zwei Frauen in Kleidern gehen den Brgersteig entlang.
Eine Frau hlt bei einer Freiluftveranstaltung eine Broschre in der Hand.
Eine Band auf der Bhne und Leute, die auf den Bildschirm schauen.
Eine Menschenmenge, die sich in einem Bereich zusammengefunden hat.
Eine Frau mit Rollkoffer wartet auf einem Gehsteig.
Eine alter Mann in einem blauen Hemd steht an eine Wand gelehnt.
Ein Mann spielt in einem Bro mit einem Kind.
Ein Mann in orangefarbenem Overall bermalt Graffitis mit einer Malerrolle.
Ein Mann mit grauem T-Shirt und schwarzer Hose steht vor einer Schaufensterfront.
Drei parkende Taxis, hinter denen zwei Polizeiwagen parken.
Ein Mann in einer gruseligen Kartoffelsackmaske.
Eine Frau macht beim Auffegen eines zerbrochenen Blumentopfes eine Pause und schaut aus dem Fenster.
ltere Mnner spielen konzentriert eine Partie Domino.
Ein Mann und eine Frau liegen in Ufernhe zusammen auf einer Rasenflche im Park.
Leute gehen an einer Starbucks Coffee-Filiale mit grnen Markisen vorbei.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen Hand in Hand.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt auf dem Lande ein Pferd mit Reiter.
Ein Geschft mit zwei Mnnern davor, und ein Mann betritt das Geschft, und rechts im Bild sind Motorrder zu sehen.
Ein Mann mit Fliege bearbeitet Holz.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut unterhlt sich mit einer Frau, die einen mit Tiermustern bedruckten Pullover trgt.
Mehrere Gruppen von Fugngern bei Tag auf einer Strae in einer Stadt.
Eine Frau in einer grnen Jacke steht an einer Wand voller Kunstwerke vor einem Geschft mit Kleidungs- und Schuhauslagen.
Eine Frau mit blauer Jacke ist im Freien zu Fu unterwegs.
Ein Mann, der auf einer Violine spielt, steht vor einem Akkordeonspieler.
Zwei Mnner mit Strohhten stehen auf einer belebten Strae bei einem Heuhaufen.
Ein Mann in Lederjacke sitzt am Strand auf einem Zaun.
Eine Frau in hochhackigen Schuhen und Rock schaut sich Produkte an.
Eine blau gekleidete Frau mit blonden Haaren lmmelt alleine an einem Tisch im Freien auf einem Bodenkissen.
Ein Junge spielt im Wasser, das aus einem Springbrunnen sprudelt.
Ein rosarot gekleidetes Mdchen geht an einem Wandbild vorber, das ein Mdchen mit rosaroten Haaren zeigt.
Ein Mann in schwarzem T-Shirt sitzt in einem Restaurant an einem Tisch und schreibt eine Textnachricht.
Zwei Frauen in weien Kleidern posieren mitten in einem Park auf einer Decke fr Fotos.
Sommerlich gekleidete Leute haben sich an einer Straenecke versammelt.
Ein Mann mit Latexhandschuh und schwarzem T-Shirt steht vor einem Chevrolet Transporter.
Zwei Frauen bei einer Bhne, auf der Leute auf Instrumenten spielen.
Gehende Menschen und eine Frau, die whrend eines Einkaufsbummels in einer Grostadt auf ihr Handy schaut.
Jemand liegt auf einer blauen Decke auf einem Brgersteig neben einer Strae.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kommen auf einer Rolltreppe abwrts gefahren.
Eine langhaarige Frau sitzt auf einer Betonbank.
Eine Frau trgt ein Kind mit grnen Ohrhrern auf ihrem Rcken.
Ein Schlagmann bereitet sich whrend eines Cricket-Spiels auf einen Schwung vor.
Jemand sitzt vor einem Laptop und vielen elektrischen Bauteilen.
Ein Mann angelt bei Sonnenuntergang auf einem kleinen Steg.
Ein stehendes Flugzeug und dahinter ein gotisches Gebude.
Ein kleines Kind spielt im Wasser.
Ein Mann mit hellbrauner Jacke geht an einer Frau mit Pferdeschwanz vorbei.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Glastr.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen hat sich zu einer Protestkundgebung gegen die Gewalt im Nahen Osten versammelt.
Eine Asiatin mit Rucksack lchelt ber ihre Schulter hinweg.
Ein Typ in Khaki-Shorts und Sandalen ist in einem Waschsalon.
Ein Mann schiebt viele Brotkisten die Strae entlang.
Ein Flugzeug berfliegt einen Zaun, und ein paar Schaulustige sehen zu, wie es zur Landung ansetzt.
Ein kleiner Junge bt, wie man einen Baseball von einem Baseballstnder aus abschlgt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen den Grasweg zu einem Schloss hinauf.
Leute warten auf eine U-Bahn.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten steht auf einem Gehweg vor mehreren Geschften, vor denen ein Karren abgestellt ist.
Eine lterer Mann spielt auf der Strae auf einer Violine.
In einer Stadt in einem nahstlichen Land vertreiben sich Leute die Zeit.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd steht auf einer Strae mit Hndlern und vielen Leuten.
Ein Flugzeug fliegt in geringer Hhe ber eine Rasenflche, auf der ein Mdchen auf einem Klappstuhl sitzt.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann sitzt drauen unter Palmen, und nahebei stehen grne und blaue Sthle.
Drei junge Mdchen stehen im Freien bei einem Zaun und lcheln in die Kamera.
Eine Gruppe von Personen in weien Uniformen formiert sich zu einer menschlichen Leiter.
Ein Mann telefoniert auf seinem Handy neben einer weien Backsteinmauer, die zum Teil mit blauer Farbe besprenkelt ist.
Ein blondes Kind versteckt sich hinter einem Holzpfosten.
Eine junge Frau sitzt im Freien am Fu einer Palme und liest ein Buch.
Eine blonde Frau posiert mit zwei Personen, die so angemalt sind, dass sie wie Statuen aussehen.
Einige Leute sitzen und einige stehen auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann im Anzug raucht und telefoniert.
Eine blonde Frau in Trgerhemd und Shorts hlt ihren Fu in einen Springbrunnen.
Ein Mann singt, und das Mdchen spielt auf einem Instrument.
Ein Bild, das abfliegende Tauben und weit entfernt im Hintergrund ein junges Mdchen zeigt.
Jemand, der eine flache Schachtel hlt, steht neben zwei sitzenden Personen.
Ein Schwimmer in Speedo-Badehose stellt seine Schwimmbrille richtig ein.
An einer Wasserskulptur schaut ein Mann im Trgerhemd eine Frau an.
Zwei ltere Frauen sitzen auf einer Bank und unterhalten sich.
Zwei kleine Jungs mit hellgelben T-Shirts gehen durch eine Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung, weiem Hemd, Hose und Schuhen schlft auf einer Parkbank.
Ein Mann wartet im U-Bahnhof beim Bus und liest Zeitung.
Ein Kind luft im Freien durch Wasser in einem Park.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann stehen unter einer Regenschutzplane.
Dieses junge Mdchen trgt ein rot-schwarz kariertes Hemd.
Auf einem Gehweg wird ein grnes Fahrrad ausgestellt, auf dem jemand sitzt.
Ein Mann steht auf einer Bhne, spielt auf einer Gitarre und einer Mundharmonika und winkt ins Publikum.
Mehrere Asiaten vor einem Geschft, das concepts heit.
Ein Mann in blauem T-Shirt sitzt auf einer Eingangsstufe und telefoniert mit seinem Handy.
Ein kleiner Junge und sein Vater verkaufen an ihrem Straenverkaufsstand geschabtes Eis in der Waffel.
Ein Mdchen liest und hrt Musik im Bus.
Eine gut gekleidete Frau macht Einkufe und befindet sich vor einem Geschft.
Eine belebte Strae in der Stadt mit dem Fokus auf einem lteren Mann, der Gitarre spielt.
Ein Mann dst ber einigen grnen Glsern ein.
Jemand mit kurzen Hosen und einer Ttowierung an der Wade hlt einen groen weien Hund mit blauer Weste an der Leine.
Ein Mann wird von einem Schlauchboot aus in die Luft geschleudert.
Die sechs Leute sitzen in einem blauen Schlauchboot im Wasser, und eine Person ist aus dem Schlauchboot geflogen.
Ein Mann im rmellosen T-Shirt ruht sich am Brgersteig aus.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein kleiner Junge sitzen hinten auf einem Fahrrad und warten darauf, dass Papa in die Pedale tritt.
Zwei dunkelhutige Mnner stehen vor einem Laternenpfahl.
Drei Personen stehen in einer Reihe hintereinander auf der Strae und schtzen sich mit Schirmen vor der Sonne.
Ein Mann will auf einem Markt Flaschen kaufen.
Leute schauen zu, wie ein Mann eine Felswand hochklettert.
Eine Frau im Wonder Woman-Kostm und einer roten Jacke.
Eine ltere Frau mit Hut und rosaroter Bluse raucht gensslich eine Zigarette.
Ein Mann trgt auf einem Volksfest eine riesengroe Spielzeugbanane, und an seiner Hand geht ein Kleinkind.
Ein Mann schaut aus seinem blauen Auto und hlt einen Lappen aus dem Fenster.
Ein Gruppe von Leuten rudert auf einem See.
Eine alte Frau in weiem Hemd und grner kurzer Hose steht auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann im weien T-Shirt schaut von der Kamera weg.
In einer Grokche wscht eine Gruppe von vier Mnnern Geschirr und trocknet es ab.
Zwei mnnliche Studierende machen in einem Labor sauber, in dem die Sthle umgedreht auf die Tische gestellt wurden.
Ein Junge mit rosaroter Krawatte und ein Junge in einem Mdchenkleid und viele Leute im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit blauer Jacke und Helm posiert mit einem Lcheln.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Cowboyhut und blauer Jeansjacke sitzt in einem Kinderwagen.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau in einem gestreiften Kleid sitzt auf einer blauen Bank.
Jemand steht neben einem Baum, durch dessen Blattwerk die Sonne scheint.
Ein Junge und sein Vater gehen in Cowboykleidung.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzem Hemd geht einen belebten Brgersteig entlang.
Ein lterer Herr spricht an einem Rednerpult.
Zwei kleine Jungs in kurzen Hosen spielen im Freien, und ein Polizist schaut zu.
Ein alter Mann mit Brille spricht vor einem Rednerpult.
Ein Kind mit roter Hose und einem Metallkorb in der Hand neben einem anderen Kind in einer blauen Jacke.
Zwei Frauen lassen eine Zuneigung erkennen, die zu einem Kuss fhren wird.
Um ein nachgemachtes Piratenschiff herum steht eine groe Gruppe von Erwachsenen, die sich als Piraten verkleidet haben.
Eine alte Person geht neben einem weien Gebude den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein roter Oldtimer parkt vor der Karlova 25.
Ein Teenager, der eine Kappe aufhat, sieht verrgert aus.
Eine lchelnde Frau mittleren Alters, die eine berdimensionierte rote Sonnenbrille und eine bunt gemusterte Bluse trgt, sitzt vor blaugrnem Hintergrund im Gras.
Ein kleiner rotweier Rennwagen nimmt an einem Wettrennen teil.
Ein Mann mit Kappe und Brille repariert den Sitz an einem Fahrrad.
Ein Koch kocht auf einem Grill im Freien mit einem Wok.
Ein Paar  ein Mann und eine Frau  gehen an einer Mauer vorbei, die mit Figuren und Graffitis bemalt ist.
Jemand sitzt auf einem Felsvorsprung mit Blick ber ein Gewsser.
Ein grner Gegenstand mit einer Leuchte hngt ber einem Gehsteig, auf dem drei Personen entlanggehen.
Ein Mann hlt seine Rede.
Ein Mann mit Wanderausrstung bindet im Wald seinen Schuh zu.
Bei einer formellen Veranstaltung fhren mehrere Frauen einen Tanz auf.
An einem gut besuchten Veranstaltungsort schickt sich eine Asiatin an, einen Schnappschuss zu machen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern geht im Sand.
Eine Frau, die die Augenbraue einer anderen Frau abwischt, sitzt inmitten einer Frauenansammlung und trinkt aus einer Flasche.
Ein Mann mit Brille spielt auf einer silberfarbenen Gitarre.
Drei Wanderer stehen neben und auf einer Holzkonstruktion, die teilweise aus Baumstmmen gefertigt ist.
Eine Bar, an der ein Mann und eine Frau sich unterhalten.
Ein Mann in einem cremefarbenen Hemd sitzt im Auenbereich eines Restaurants, und hinter ihm ist ein schwarzes Auto zu sehen.
Ein Mann mit ausladendem Irokesenschnitt und DIO-Shirt hantiert mit seinem Mobiltelefon.
Ein braun-schwarz-weier Hund steht auf einem sandigen Abhang.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten in grnen Hemden geht einen schnen Strand entlang.
Ein Mann im Anzug schttelt jemandem die Hand, und zwei andere Herren schauen zu.
Fnf Personen posieren fr ein Foto im Stil eines Familienfotos.
Eine Frau, die einen roten Sonnenschirm hlt, macht ein Foto und schaut dabei ber eine Mauer.
Eine Frau und ein Mann tragen eine rosafarbene Khlbox.
Ein Junge in blauem Trgerhemd spielt mit einem Fu in der Luft auf einer Bassgitarre.
Zwei Personen, von denen die eine einen sehr langen Stock bei sich hat, an einem weien Strand.
Ein junges Mdchen im Badeanzug trinkt aus einer grnen Glasflasche.
Eine Frau mit Shorts und Sandalen berquert die Strae, whrend im Hintergrund gelbe Taxis zu sehen sind.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten geht mitten am Tag drauen an einem Freizeitpark entlang.
Eine Menschenmenge steht drauen vor einem Gebude.
Ein junger Mann mit rotem T-Shirt und schwarzer Hose fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad einen Vorderradstand vor.
Ein Tourist luft durch den Schatten, den ein Gebude wirft.
Eine Frau, die ein kurzes violettes Top und einen Rock trgt, geht eine Strae entlang.
Menschen im Freien ernten etwas auf einem Feld.
Ein junger Mann in gestreiftem T-Shirt hlt in einem Park ein Holzstck in die Hhe.
Vier Kinder spielen an einer Schaukel.
Ein lterer asiatischer Mann schaut aus einem Gebude, in das Sonnenlicht fllt.
Zwei Mnner mit Sonnenbrillen gehen die Strae entlang.
Zwei Frauen mit alkoholischen Getrnken in der Hand unterhalten sich.
Ein Mann sitzt auf Beton und liest ein Buch.
In einer Glasvitrine ist das Modell eines schwarz gekleideten Mannes im Sitzen ausgestellt.
Die Frau fotografiert die Statue.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und schwarzer Hose steht am Straenrand.
Ein junges Paar mit Kind kauft etwas an einem kleinen Sandwich- und Kaffeeimbiss.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart und Gitarre singt auf der Strae, um sich etwas Geld zu verdienen.
Jemand steht nachts unter einem Laternenpfahl in der Stadt.
Ein blondes Mdchen unterhlt sich im Regen bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien mit ihrer braunhaarigen Freundin.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten zndet Laternen an.
An einem schwach beleuchteten Platz mit Lebensmitteln sitzt eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen auf Kisten und Eimern.
Zwei Autos und drei Mnner stehen bei einer Laderampe.
Eine Frau mit Schrze macht einen Tisch sauber, an dem ringsum verschiedenfarbige Sthle stehen.
Ein langhaariger Mann lehnt sich gegen eine Kette und hlt ein Bild.
Ein Mann steht in einem Treingang in einer Wand, auf die eine Frau aufgemalt ist.
Drei Personen schauen zu, wie eine vierte Person mit Kreide ein Portrt auf die Strae zeichnet.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten steht im Freien um eine Statue herum.
Eine Frau legt Schmuck in die Schaufensterauslage.
Ein Mann fhrt auf dem Fahrrad durch eine enge Gasse zu einem Platz, an dem ein Schloss mit blockartigem Turm steht.
Zwei Leute gehen ber einen Weg zwischen Gebuden.
Ein Paar geht in einer engen Gasse mit Balkonen unter einem Bogen hindurch.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt im Freien, bettelt um Geld und spielt Akkordeon.
Eine Frau mit einem Kopfhrer auf den Ohren geht neben einem Mann in einem Geschftsanzug die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau im schwarzen Pullover trgt auf der Strae eine violette Tasche.
Zwei sitzende Frauen schauen in dieselbe Richtung.
Eine afroamerikanische Frau hlt einen Korb auf ihrem Kopf.
Dieses Foto zeigt eine Statue eines Mannes und eine Frau in blauer Bluse, die hinter dieser Statue entlanggeht.
Mehrere Leute bummeln durch einen Park mit vielen Bumen.
Eine Frau macht in einer Stadt ein Foto auf der Strae, whrend Leute vorbergehen.
Ein Mann kocht etwas auf dem Herd.
1 Mann wartet im Stehen und mehrere Leute warten im Sitzen auf eine U-Bahn.
Ein Knstler zeichnet mit Kreide auf der Strae.
Eine Pizzeria, in der viel Betrieb herrscht, liegt an einer stark frequentierten Straenecke.
Ein Polizist fhrt auf seinem Motorrad die Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe orientalischer Jugendlicher steht vor dem Eingang in ein Geschft.
Das ist ein guter Stadtplan fr Touristen.
Zwei Frauen sind vollkommen von ihren Gerten absorbiert.
Ein Mann geht an einem Bereich mit Graffitis vorbei.
Eine Gruppe, die aus drei Frauen und einem Mann besteht, lugt in ein Schaufenster.
Ein Mann im Arztkittel kommt aus einem Gebude.
Ein Mann und ein Kind zusammen mit einem blauen Netz vor sich.
Eine Frau kauft auf einem Markt im Freien Obst ein.
Ein Mann verkauft einem kleinen Kind auf der Strae Eiskrem an einem Eisstand.
Ein Landarbeiter in der Ausbildung zeigt bei einer Viehauktion ber die Absperrung.
Eine Frau mit Brille spielt vor einem Geschft Saxofon.
Vier Mdchen sitzen in einer warmen Badewanne.
Ein Mann steht mit Ohrhrern und einem Handgert auf einem Bahnsteig.
Ein Mann in einem gelben T-Shirt liest ein Buch.
Ein Mann mit gestreiftem Rucksack fhrt auf Rollerskates eine belebte Strae mit anderen Rollerskatern entlang.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Steinwrfel und isst zu Mittag.
Eine asiatische Schlerin in einer typischen Schlerinnenuniform: dunkler Pullover, karierter Rock und Kniestrmpfe mit Slippern.
Eine Frau mit rotem Kopftuch geht durch einen Zugangsweg auf eine Strae.
Ein Mdchen spielt in einer Badewanne mit Spielzeug.
Zwei Leute kochen an einem sonnigen Tag fr andere.
Der Mann wartet auf einen Zug und liest unterdessen ein Buch.
Eine afroamerikanische Frau pflckt in einem Garten Tomaten.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters mit Brille und eine Frau mittleren Alters sehen beide mrrisch und verrgert aus.
Ein spanischer Gitarrenspieler und eine Tnzerin geben eine Bhnenvorstellung.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht einen Handstand auf einem Trampolin.
Ein kleines Kind mit trkisfarbener kurzer Hose steht bei einem groen Baum.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen, die alle hnlich gekleidet sind, marschieren und halten an ihrer rechten Seite einen groen Gegenstand.
Eine Menschenmenge hrt ein Konzert.
Eine Menschenmenge versammelt sich um die Oxford Circus Station in London.
Leute sitzen und schauen einem Straenmusiker beim Singen zu.
Ein junger Mann in grnem T-Shirt hegt eine Tomatenpflanze.
Ein Mann in grnem T-Shirt mit einem Teppichmesser, umgeben von Gemsepflanzen.
Eine Frau mit Brille sitzt an einem Tisch mit Glsern, einer Flasche und einem Vogel.
Ein Mann und zwei Kinder schauen in eine Kamera.
Eine junge Frau geht an einem mit Zeitungspapier verdeckten Fenster die Strae entlang.
Eine Frau mit bronzefarbener Haut geht in einem eng anliegenden Kleid einen Fugngerweg entlang.
Zwei ltere Mnner sitzen auf Motorrollern vor einem Koffee Cafe.
Drei Leute sitzen auf dem Gehsteig an einer Strae.
Viele Leute gehen und viele Autos fahren an einem Caf an der Straenecke vorbei.
Eine Gruppe von Tauben luft ber einen Brgersteig.
Drei Leute versuchen, eine groe Tr zu einem geschlossenen Geschft zu ffnen.
Ein Tag mit viel Betrieb auf den Straen in der Stadt.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt in einem Restaurant an einem Tisch unter einem Schild an der Wand, auf dem Oh boy mom's pancakes! steht.
Vier Leute gehen einen Brgersteig in der Stadt entlang - drei davon schauen zur Kamera, die andere Person schaut weg.
Ein fleiiger junger Mann fegt den Boden.
Eine Frau rennt an einigen Leuten vorbei, die beim Mittagessen sitzen.
Ein Mann in Uniform berquert eine Strae.
Eine Frau geht an einem alten Bagel-Laden vorbei.
Eine Mutter und ein Kind sind zu Fu im Regen in einem grnen Bereich unterwegs.
Ein lterer Fischer rudert im Stehen ein grnes Boot auf einem ruhigen Fluss.
Drei Segelboote fahren in einer tropischen Gegend auf ruhigem Wasser eine Wasserstrae entlang.
Baugerte und Bauarbeiter in einer Stadt, die nicht in den USA liegt.
Da steht eine ltere Frau mit hellgelber Bluse auf einem Brgersteig und schaut in ein Geschft.
Ein Mann zieht seinen Essenswagen ber die Strae.
Eine Frau in einem bunten Kleid tanzt einen Tanz, bei dem man sich windet und den ihr ihre Altvorderen beigebracht haben.
Zwei Mdchen in Kleidern stehen auf einem mit Ziegelsteinen gepflasterten Gehweg.
Ein weitgehend schwarz gekleideter Mann mit einem T-Shirt, auf dem ein grafisches Gebilde zu sehen ist, erscheint inmitten einer Menschenmenge im Rahmen einer Stadtszene.
Ein Mann zieht in einer lndlichen Umgebung an einem Seil.
Eine Frau geht auf dem Brgersteig, und eine andere Person geht hinter ihr her.
Eine nachdenkliche Frau geht durch eine Seitenstrae in einer Grostadt.
Ein Mann setzt sich in einer belebten Strae hin, um sich auszuruhen.
Kinder, eine Frau und ein Mann schauen sich in einem Park um.
Auf einem Feld hackt ein lterer Mann Holz neben einem groen Baum.
Die Person im weien T-Shirt ist zu Fu unterwegs.
Frau mit Kunstblut und Schminke berall im ganzen Gesicht, am Brustkorb und am Hals.
Ein Mann brt vergngt chinesisches Essen .
Ein blau gekleideter Straenmusiker mit einer Zigarette im Mund und einer riesigen Gitarre in den Hnden.
Eine Strae mit Straenlaternen und einer Bushaltestelle.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten mit fellartiger Frisur geht einen regennassen Gehweg entlang.
Frau in einem rosaroten Kleid mit kleinen weien Punkten steht auf einem Steinsockel und macht in Richtung der Leute in ihrem Blickfeld eine Pssst-Geste.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Crossbody-Tasche geht nahe an einer Treppe mit silberfarbenem Gelnder entlang.
Zwei Leute sitzen auf einer Bank vor einer Braut und einem Brutigam und sonnen sich.
Ein Kleinkind in einem orangefarbenen Kleid schaut sich ein Graffiti an, das ein afroamerikanisches Baby zeigt.
Ein Kleinkind mit blau gemustertem T-Shirt und grauer kurzer Hose geht zusammen mit seiner Familie spazieren.
Ein Mann mit grauer Baseballkappe geht neben einer rothaarigen Frau mit langrmliger blauer Jeansbluse.
Eine groe Anzahl von Leuten steht um eine rote Metallskulptur herum.
Zwei Frauen stehen am Zaun, und ein Kind luft auf sie zu.
Eine schne junge Frau hlt ihre Tasche.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen T-Shirt arbeitet an einem Kunstwerk auf dem Brgersteig.
Ein niedliches Kleinkind mit einem kleinen grnen Preisschild auf der Nase.
Drei Mnner in weien Hemden posieren vor einem ortstypischen Geschft fr ein Foto.
Eine Frau mit kurzer Jeans posiert fr das Foto.
Zu sehen ist ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille an einem sonnigen Tag bei einer Skulptur in einem Park.
Ein Mann mit weiem Helm in einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau steht in einem weien Raum, der mit Zahlen versehen ist, die einen Kreis um die Frau herum bilden.
Ein Mann steht am Ufer eines Strandes.
Eine Gruppe von jdischen Menschen schwenkt Flaggen, um ihre Religion zu feiern.
Ein nackter Mann liegt, in ein Netz gewickelt, auf Steinen am Meeresufer.
Rote chinesische Laternen und Transparente mit chinesischen Aufschriften hngen ber einer belebten Straenszene.
Am Rcken dieses Mannes ist Blut zu sehen.
Leute stbern auf einem Markt im Freien Waren durch.
Einige Kaukasier bereiten offenbar Speisen und Getrnke zu.
Auf einem Tisch liegt eine Sonnenbrille, und im Hintergrund ist eine Familie an einer Pier zu sehen.
Eine Frau steht vor einem Geschft, das La Perla heit.
Eine Gruppe von Leuten versammelt sich im Freien, whrend ein Mann mit blauem Hemd und Brille auf die Kamera zuluft.
Eine zufllig zusammengewrfelte Gruppe von Fugngern schaut etwas an, was nicht im Blickfeld der Kamera liegt.
Jemand luft auf einer Strae am Wald mit der Sonne im Hintergrund.
Der brtige Mann mit Hut hlt seine Kamera in beiden Hnden und wartet auf den nchsten Schnappschuss.
Eine gut gekleidete ltere Dame steht vor einem Bus, der mit Bildern von violetten Blumen dekoriert ist.
Eine Person in einer blauen Jeans und einem blauen Kapuzenpulli, der ihr Gesicht verdeckt, repariert ein Fahrrad.
Ein Mann in einem hellrosa Poloshirt hlt eine Flagge, die hinter ihm in der Luft weht.
Auf einem Volksfest nehmen Leute an einem Wettschieen teil.
Ein Mann mit geschminktem Gesicht und Hals sieht aus wie ein schwer blutender Verwundeter.
Ein lterer Mann sieht einem jngeren Mann zu, der verschiedene Speisen grillt.
Ein Paar versucht, den Ort zu finden, zu dem es will.
Ein Mann sitzt schreibend an einem Tisch, der auf dem Brgersteig aufgestellt ist.
Drei Mnner stehen da, whrend ein weiterer Mann nahe bei ihnen steht und eine Zeitung in der Hand hlt.
Eine braunhaarige Frau mit rotem Kopfschmuck nimmt an einem Umzug teil.
Eine hispanoamerikanische Frau hat sich mit hellen Farben fr einen Umzug herausgeputzt.
Ein Tattoo-Knstler macht einer Frau ein Rosen-Tattoo.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen auf einem Boot, und der Mann macht ein Foto.
Ein Typ in weiem Hemd macht ein Foto.
Eine schne Frau in einem pfirsichfarbenen Kleid geht nachts eine mit Ziegelsteinen gepflasterte Strae entlang.
Ein dunkelhutiger Straentnzer bei einer Darbietung vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein kleiner Junge schiet auf einer Rasenflche einen rotweien Fuball.
Ein Mann lsst sich von einem Tattoo-Knstler seinen Bauch ttowieren.
Ein Mann und eine blinzelnde Frau schauen sich auf einem Bildschirm etwas an.
Eine Frau in violetter Bluse steht da und schaut zu einem jungen Mann.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd und khakifarbener Hose kontrolliert vor dem Eingang eines Gebudes sein Mobiltelefon.
Ein Tattoo-Knstler ist dabei, jemanden zu ttowieren.
Ein Tattoo-Knstler ttowiert einen Unterarm.
Ein Mann in Jeans bekommt ein neues Tattoo.
Zwei kleine Jungs spielen am Wasser auf Instrumenten.
Ein unscharfes Foto von einem Paar auf einer Bank, das anderen Leuten beim Spielen zuschaut.
Eine Frau schaut sich an einem wolkenbedeckten Tag durch ein blaues Fernrohr eine Dinosaurierskulptur aus Metall an.
Eine ltere Frau versucht, sich mit der Hand gegen die Sonne abzuschirmen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in schwarzer Kleidung fahren auf Rollerblades.
Zwei junge Frauen unterhalten sich im Gehen.
Frauen in bunten Kleidern tanzen bei einem Umzug die Strae entlang.
Ein Frisbee wirft einen Schatten auf den Hund.
Eine knstlerische Darstellung, die ein kleines Kind und seinen Hund zeigt, an einem ruhigen Gehweg, wo sich ein Mann schlafend an ein Gebude lehnt.
Zwei Personen in Superheldenkostmen stehen auf einer Strae in der Stadt.
Eine Frau, die neben einem Fotografen steht, gibt einem Mann in grnem T-Shirt ein Papier.
Ein Mdchen fhrt mit Rollerskates eine Strae entlang und telefoniert dabei auf seinem Handy.
Ein kleiner Junge steht auf einem Spielfeld und hlt ein Teil seiner Sportausrstung in der Hand.
Zwei junge Frauen gehen zusammen die Strae entlang.
Eine Verkehrspolizistin regelt an einer belebten Kreuzung in der Stadt den Verkehr.
Ein Herr steht auf einem Gehsteig und schaut ein Gebude an.
Das muss eines der besten Restaurants an der East Side sein!
Ein Junge in einem roten T-Shirt hlt eine Kamera.
Ein Mann geht die Strae entlang und ist kurz vor einem Schaufenstern eines Geschfts.
Fnf Straenarbeiter reparieren eine Strae.
Das Bild zeigt eine Frau bei einem Candle-Light-Dinner, die in die Kamera lchelt und eine Zigarette raucht.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und eine Frau berprft den Ofen.
Zwei Frauen stehen in einem Gang mit einer sehr hohen verzierten Decke neben einer sehr groen Anzahl Zeichen, auf den steht: Le Caf Marley.
Drei Frauen gehen einen Brgersteig in der Nhe eines Bistros herunter.
Zwei Mnner spielen eine Partie Schach im Park whrend zwei andere ungeduldig auf ihre Chance warten.
Leute gehen einen Gang, der von Gebuden umgeben ist, herunter.
Ein junger Mann sieht zu wie ein anderer Mann auf einem Zaun sitzt und dabei seine Beine um eine Frau in einem Pullunder und Rock, die wie ein Zebra gestreift sind, schlingt.
Ein Mdchen in einem kurzen schwarzen Kleid blst drauen eine riesige Seifenblase fr eine Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau und ein Kind sitzen bei einem Baum auf dem Brgersteig und im Hintergrund macht ein Typ Unsinn.
Ein Mann in Schwarz hockt whrend Leute ber die Strae gehen.
Auf der Strae spricht ein Mann in einem weien Hemd mit einer Frau in einer grnen Bluse.
Ein Mann lehnt seinen Kopf gegen eine Statur und hat dabei eine brennende Kerze in der Hand.
Eine Frau in einem brunlichen Oberteil und Jeans sitzt auf einer Bank mit Kopfhrern auf.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen mit Einkaufstaschen die Strae herunter.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt auf einer Mauer ber einer groen Flachreliefskulptur und einem reflektierenden Weiher.
Zwei wunderschne Mdchen zeigen ihre herrlichen Krper.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut steht in einer Ecke vor einer Reihe Motorrder.
Frauen genieen Getrnke in einem Straenrestaurant.
Eine Frau posiert auf einem Roller whrend ein Fotograf seine Kamera vorbereitet.
Eine junge Frau macht Fotos whrend eine Menschenmenge auf einer grnen Wiese faulenzt.
Eine Frau mit blonden Haaren in schwarzen Hosen bt ihre Karateschritte in einem malerischen Park.
Ein Mann steht vor einem gut beleuchteten Obststand.
Eine Person mit Sonnenbrille und in hell orangefarbenem Hemd geht einen nassen Brgersteig herunter.
Ein Mann und Kindern bauen einen Stand auf um Schmuck zu verkaufen.
Ein altes Gebude mit einem langen Flur und Glasdach.
Zwei Polizisten auf Rollschuhen stehen neben einem anderen Mann.
Ein Mann und ein Junge, beide mit Hut, sitzen vor dem Louvre.
Zwei Mnner machen drauen Bilder mit ihren Kameras.
Leute genieen das kalte Wasser eines Springbrunnens an einem heien Tag.
Zwei Mnner sitzen am Rand eines Wasserbeckens.
Ein Mann vllig wei bekleidet steht mit verschrnkten Armen vor einer grauen Wand.
Junge Frauen und Mnner in Kostmen sitzen und stehen herum.
Ein Bergwanderer steckt einen Stock in den tiefen Schnee.
Leute sitzen in einem Bus.
Ein Mann kehrt die Strae vor einer Wand mit Graffiti und zwei Wohnungen.
Ein HO King Geschft bietet Zuckererbsen, Brokkoli und Napa an.
Ein lterer asiatischer Mann wartet auf eine Bedienung an einer Essenstheke.
Ein Mann wirbt fr verschiedene Arten von Meeresfrchten auf dem Stock, auch fr Seesterne.
Zwei Mnner untersuchen einen Fahrradreifen whrend eine Frau im Hintergrund neben einem Topf mit Geranien gegen eine Wand lehnt.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank neben seinem Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht neben einem Boot auf einem Gewsser.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid spricht in ein Telefon.
Eine Dame sitzt am Ende einer Mole hoch ber dem Wasser.
Zwei Frauen sprechen mit einem Mann mit Kappe.Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich auf einer Strae.
Drei Erwachsene stehen vor einem Schild auf dem Vote steht und die amerikanische Flagge abgebildet ist.
Gepckwagen stehen in einer Reihe und warten darauf geschoben zu werden.
Eine Frau steht in einer Kabine, sie trgt eine orange Weste, bietet eine Kreditkarte an und lchelt.
Eine Frau fhrt Hunde auf einer Strae in einer Stadt aus.
Eine Frau liegt auf einer schwimmenden Plattform in der Mitte eines Gewssers.
Zwei junge Erwachsene sind drauen mit vielen Bumen im Hintergrund.
Zwei riesige Hhne stehen vor dem Restaurant El Pub.
Zwei Mnner tragen ihr Kanu durch den Wald.
Ein Mann sitzt gemtlich in einem Kanu auf einem See, der von saftig grnem Blattwerk umgeben ist.
Ein Mann und eine Frau zeigen einem kleinen Kind wie man ein Gewehr benutzt.
Ein Mann spielt auf einer einzigartigen Geige whrend er zur Decke schaut.
Ein Geiger spielt neben einer Werbetafel.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd mit langen Haaren spielt eine elektrische Geige.
Ein Geiger spielt in der New Yorker Untergrundbahn Musik.
Eine Person trgt ihr weies Kanu einen steinigen Weg hinunter und ein schwarzer Hund mit rotem Halsband beobachtet das.
Ein Mann vllig in schwarz gekleidet schlft auf seinem roten Motorrad.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem Hut auf spielt mit Seifenblasen.
Ein Priester mit einem buschigen Bart isst Fast Food.
Ein Mann in einer blau und Schwarz karierten Weste verkauft organische Frchte an einen Mann in einem grauen Polohemd.
Ein Typ mit einem Hut auf spielt Akkordeon.
Jimi Hendrix trgt blaue Kleidung beim Gitarre spielen.
Da sind zwei braune Hunde, die auf einem Feld spielen.
Die Menschenmenge beobachtet das Pferd, starrt den Cowboy nach, als er die Arena verlsst und wundert sich was als nchstes passiert.
Eine Frau geht eine Vorstadtstrae herunter.
Ein Mann lehrt kleinen Kindern, wie sie Fahrrder reparieren knnen.
Musiker spielen drauen fr Geld.
Die Straen einer chinesischen Stadt sehen alle gleich mit hellen Farben beleuchtet aus.
Einige Menschengruppen gehen Treppen herunter.
Man sieht mehrere Leute entweder auf Bnken sitzen oder durch eine Strae, die anscheinend aus Ziegelsteinen ist und auf der Bume aus unterschiedlich runden ffnungen wachsen, gehen.
Mehrere asiatische Fugnger gehen um einen silbernen Taxikleinbus herum.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rot bedruckten Sommerkleid geht durch eine Kunstausstellung unter freiem Himmel.
Man sieht eine Fuballmannschaft, die spielt, abblockt, fngt und rennt.
Ein Mann schaut auf eine Landkarte whrend eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille etwas sucht.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd liest in einer Landkarte.
Ein afro-amerikanischer Mann in einem grnen Hemd und brunlicher Jacke.
Ein Mann in einem lila Hemd und blauen Jeans spielt Harmonika an einem roten Bus.
Eine Gruppe Mnner und Frauen mit einem Kind gehen zusammen.
Eine Frau umarmt einen Mann.
Eine Dame ganz in wei sitzt auf einer Matte mit einem Ball in ihrer Hand.
Ein asiatischer Marktplatz hat in der Nacht seine Geschfte geffnet.
Eine Frau schaut zu wie eine andere Frau sich mit einem Teller voll Essen bedient.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau singen in einer Band ein Lied.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein Babyjunge schwimmen in einem Schwimmbecken unter Wasser.
Ein Hund in einem Auto.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht an einer Haltestelle einer Untergrundbahn vorbei.
Eine blonde Mutter hlt ihr neugeborenes Baby auf dem Arm.
Ein kleines Baby wird in einer Plastikwanne von einem Erwachsenen mit Handschuhen gebadet.
Die Frau wscht das neugeborene Baby.
Eine Frau mit freiem Oberkrper wiegt ihr neugeborenes gewickeltes Baby in einem Krankenhaus an ihrer Brust.
Eine Menschenmenge geht durch eine geschftige Strae.
Eine ltere Frau in einer hellrosa Bluse, sitzt auf einem Stuhl und hlt ein Baby.
Ein Mann und zwei kleine Jungen sitzen auf einem Felsen.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen spielen in einem Springbrunnen.
Eine Geschftsfrau in einem schwarzen und weien Kleid berquert die Strae.
Eine Mutter mit Tochter gehen die Treppe hoch, als eine Frau mit einem Kopftuch neben einem Mlleimer ausrutscht.
Ein franzsisches Fahrradtaxi steht ohne Passagiere an einer Kreuzung.
Ein junges Mdchen lacht und scheucht Tauben in der Strae wo andere Leute daneben gehen.
Ein Tourist macht von etwas Hohem ein Foto.
Eine Frau hlt ein sehr groes Handy an ihr Ohr.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, beide mit Sonnenbrillen, beobachten den Himmel.
Ein Mann mit einer Einkaufstasche und eine Frau sehen in eine Kamera.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Plastiktasche unterm Arm hlt eine Kamera ber ihrem Kopf.
Ein junger Mann sitzt auf einem Zaun vor einem prchtigen Blumengarten und hat zwei junge Damen auf seinen Knien.
Eine Dame geht die Treppen von einer Untergrundbahn hoch.
Ein Ansicht auf eine Menschenmenge, die am Ufer eines Flusses langgehen.
Ein gut beleuchteter Werbungsstand zeigt verschiedene Filmposter.
Zwei verschiedene Gruppen von Leuten unterhalten sich vor dem Shakespeare und Kompanie Geschft.
Ein Mann fhrt einen weien Kleinbus, der mit Graffiti bemalt ist.
Ein Mann mit einer Beinprothese schlft auf den Stufen vor einem Warenhaus.
Eine Person liegt in einem Krankenhausbett.
Eine Dame kurz davor oder kurz danach in den Kreisaal zu gehen.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters hlt ein Baby.
Ein Neugeborenes ist in eine gestreifte Decke eingewickelt und wird von jemandem mit beiden Hnden berhrt.
Ein Mann hlt ein schreiendes Baby auf einem Stuhl neben einem Fenster.
Eine rztin und ihre Patientin lcheln strahlend als der Sugling an der Brust der Patientin trinkt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd hlt ein Baby.
Zwei Mnner sitzen drauen und betrachten ein Bild von einer Frau in einem Bikini in einem Magazin.
Ein lterer Herr in dunklen Hosen und einem weien Hemd geht durch einen Park.
In einer Stadtstrae mit einigen Passanten ist eine Betonwand mit Graffiti zu sehen.
Zuschauer sind fasziniert von einem Mann, der whrend er auf einem Einrad fhrt, brennende Stbe jongliert.
Ein Mann steht auen an einem wunderschnen Gebude in einer neongrnen Bauarbeiterjacke.
Ein Zugfhrer last ein Kind im Zug fahren.
Ein Mann fhrt am Tag auf einer gemtlichen Fahrradtour durch die Stadt.
Eine Frau sitzt mit Sonnenbrille unter einem Schirm.
Ein Mdchen in einem lila Kleid und ein Mdchen in einem roten Kleid laufen lchelnd drauen herum.
Mehre Gruppen von Leuten geht in einem hbschen Park spazieren.
Telefonzellen besetzt von einigen Leuten.
Zwei Blonde verteilen Broschren und Ballons auf einem geschftigen Gehweg.
Ein Mann auf einem BMX Fahrrad fhrt ein Sprungkunststck vor.
Ein Taxi auf einer Kreuzung in der Innenstadt.
Ein Polizist in Madrid, Spanien, hlt an um mit einer lteren Damen zu sprechen.
Ein Motorradfahrer fhrt an einem asiatischen Supermarkt vorbei.
Eine Frau mit einem Sonnenschirm fhrt auf ihrem rosa Fahrrad die Strae herunter.
Eine dreikpfige Familie beobachten Mnner, die in Kostmen vorbeigehen.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Hemden fotografieren sich selbst, als eine Frau mit einem Schal an ihnen vorbeigeht.
Ein Paar geht auf einem Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann mit langen welligen Haaren spielt Geige.
Zwei Mnner auf einer Strae, einer hlt eine rote Fahne.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute steht vor einem schwarzen, rostigen Metallgebilde und berhrt es.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm hngt an der Seite eines Transportautos.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann schaut nach einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Gruppe Leute faulenzt um einen Stand, der Bier vom Fass verkauft.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht vor einem groen Gebude aus Stein spazieren.
Ein Mann sammelt Papier neben einem Gebilde, das aus Holz, eingewickelt in Papier mit Graffiti bemalt ist, auf.
Eine Person in lila Kleidung, schwarzem Hut und rosa Schal rennt auf einer Strae.
Ein Mann in Shorts und einem orangen Hemd sitzt auf der Heckklappe eines Lastwagens und schaut ein Handy an.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Zug und hrt Musik.
Zwei junge Mdchen gehen mit Schirmen einen Gehweg herunter.
Eine Person mit schwarzen Handschuhen und weiem Hut steht da und richtet ihren Schal.
Ein junger Mann geht gemtlich vor einigen Bumen die Strae herunter.
Zwei Frauen mit langen Haaren zu Pferdeschwnzen gebunden, joggen auf der Straenseite.
Eine Gruppe Senioren faulenzt in einem Gebiet.
Eine Person mit einem Cowboyhut reitet ein brunliches Pferd.
Zwei Leute halten einen Mittagsschlaf auf einer Parkbank.
Ein Mdchen mit blonden Haaren ist eingewickelt in bunte Bnder und geniet eine Art Feier.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Rucksack kniet ber einem Stapel Poster.
Eine groe Menschenmenge wartet vor einem aufgestellten groen Lautsprecher.
Eine Schlange von Lastwagen fahren eine sehr berfllte Strae herunter.
Leute mit gemusterten T-Shirts und bunten Brillen feiern einige Feste.
Ein brtiger Mann balanciert einen silbernen Ball auf einer Hand.
Ein kleines Kind in Schwarz spielt in einem Springbrunnen.
Ein junger Mann mit einem Rucksack trgt einen weien Pappkarton.
Drei Asiaten stehen vornehm in einem Kreis und unterhalten sich whrend ein Mdchen eine SMS schreibt.
Leute gehen auf einer berfllten Strae.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid und Cowboystiefeln geht neben einer anderen Frau in einem schwarzen T-Shirt.
Eine Frau in einem langen Rock und ein Mann gehen die Strae herunter.
Eine Gruppe Mnner macht eine Auffhrung auf dem Brgersteig mit ihren Gitarren.
Zwei junge Mdchen posieren neben dem Wasser fr ein Foto.
Zwei kleine Jungen mit freiem Oberkrper, einer lehnt gegen die anderen, stehen auf einem groen Stein vor einigen Bumen.
Die Strandpromenade ist in der Nacht strahlend durch die Restaurantreklameschilder erleuchtet.
Ein Kleinkind nimmt den Schnuller von einem anderen weg, was diesen zum Schreien bringt.
Eine Frau trgt ein Pfauenkostm.
An einem sonnigen Tag sitzt ein Mann rauchend neben einem Gewsser auf Steinen.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke fhrt am Straenrand Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe Schler steht drauen und wartet vor einem gelben Schulbus.
Eine Frau schaut auf ihr Handy und hlt ihren Spitz.
Zwei Frauen warten am Straenrand vor einer groen Reklametafel.
Vier Leute stehen drauen bei einem Nachbarschaftsladen.
Eine rothaarige Frau sitzt auf einer Bank in einer gestreiften Bluse und mit braunen Schuhen.
Ein Mann geniet ein Sandwich von Subway.
Ein Mann entfernt sich von einer Rolltreppe, whrend eine Frau gerade die Rolltreppe hochkommt.
Ein Junge steht in einem Boot und hlt lchelnd einen Fisch in die Kamera.
Eine Country-Band spielt auf der Bhne unter gelber und roter Beleuchtung.
Sechs Leute bei einer Art Versammlung.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd, braunen Schuhen und blauen Socken liest neben anderen Leuten und Bcherstapeln.
Ein Asiate in einem weien Unterhemd isst vor einem groen asiatischen, politischen Wandbehang.
Das kleine Mdchen schaut mit Ehrfurcht auf das Bild.
Straenansicht des Orient-Hotels.
Ein Mann auf einem roten Fahrrad, das einen Wagen hinterher zieht.
Leute gehen auf dem Times Square in New York City.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch das Wasser nahe bei einem Strand mit Land am Horizont.
Leute gehen in einer vielfltigen Stadt spazieren.
Eine Reihe Leute in roten Hemden zeigen Zahlenplakate.
Ein Mann und eine Frau rennen bei einem Marathonlauf.
Eine Person fhrt durch eine Strae in einer den Stadtkulisse Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe von drei Lufern laufen in einem Rennen vorbei.
Die Bnke stehen in einer langen Reihe und die silbernen, runden Tische sind ordentlich ausgerichtet.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Stufe.
Eine Menschenmenge im Alltag einer asiatischen Vorstadt.
Eine Frau schaut auf einen riesigen Basset, der seine Lippen leckt, in einem Schaufenster.
Ein Junge in schmutziger Kleidung liegt auf einer gewebten Matte in seichtem dreckigen Wasser, in dem sich Mll befindet.
Ein Kind sitzt hinten auf einem hlzernen Zugkarren.
Lchelnde Frau mit einer blauen Schrze steht vor einem Stapel Taschen und Kartons.
Ein Mann benutzt eine Pipette um ein Experiment durch zu fhren.
Zwei Jungen, einer hat eine UNICEF Tasche und der andere einen UNICEF Korb.
Zwei Jungen holen Wasser mit einem UNICEF Eimer.
Zwei weie Mnner und ein schwarzer Mann sitzen nebeneinander mit Jeans und schwarzen Hemden bekleidet.
Zwei Frauen stehen neben einer Gruppe Fahrrder.
Ein Mann in mittlerem Alter mit dunklen Haaren kocht und trgt dabei eine rote Schrze.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer roten Jacke umarmt einen kleinen Jungen.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper in blauen Jeans rennt einen Kai hinunter, auf eine Kamera zu.
Eine Frau geht auf einem Brgersteig in der Innenstadt.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und blauen Jeans spricht in das Telefon nahe der Strae.
Ein Baby, eingepackt in Decken, steckt in einem Metallwagen.
Eine Aufnahme von einem Gebude und einem Brgersteig. Leute sind in der Entfernung zu sehen.
Es ist Donnerstag Nacht in einem rtlichen Klub, man wartet nur auf Freitag Nacht.
Ein Mann sitzt lchelnd in einem Oldtimer und hlt einen Plastikbecher.
Ein Mann steht in einer Strae ber einigen Kunstwerken whrend mehrere Leute vorbeigehen.
Zwei junge, blonde Brder haben ihre Arme einer hinter dem anderen inmitten einer Wiese ausgebreitet.
Ein Arbeiter in einem sauberen Anzug poliert einen groen Spiegel.
Eine Person in einem blauen Hemd und Hosen sitzt drauen auf einer Bank.
Eine Teenagerin in einem rosa rmellosen Hemd hlt beide Daumen hoch.
Zwei Bauchtnzer tanzen neben einer Mauer.
Frauen berqueren vor einem schwarzen Auto die Strae.
Zwei Leute joggen neben dem Ufer zusammen.
Eine Frau isst auen vor einem Gebude einen Lutscher.
Ein Kind in einem roten Hemd luft im Wasser herum.
Ein Hund springt ber ein Hindernis.
Ein gefleckter Hund spielt mit einem anderen Hund auf einem Baseballfeld.
Sechs Leute treffen sich in einem amerikanischen Geschftsklub.
Ein Mann in einem weien, zugeknpften Hemd und mit roter Krawatte spricht zu Leuten in einem Restaurant.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd nimmt einen Holzlffel um Essen auf einem Grill zu kochen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau werden von hinten gezeigt wie sie eng zusammen auf einem Sofa sitzen und Nintendo DS spielen.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem kleinen Jungen Schach.
Leute vom Suglingen bis zu Alten scheinen begeistert zu sein als eine Frau in einer gelben Bluse vor einem Schild das anzeigt:Bienvenue WELCOME hochspringt.
Leute gehen ber einen Jahrmarkt wo groe ausgestopfte Tiere zu sehen sind.
Zwei Verkufer mit roten und weien Schirmen sind drauen mitten zwischen vielen Leuten.
Viele Leute an einer Straenecke mit braunen Gebuden.
Zwei Frauen, eine hlt eine Plakette, die andere trgt ein Namensschild, sind beim Abendessen.
Eine Gruppe unterschiedlichsten Alters unterhlt sich auf einer Konferenz.
Vier Frauen sehen ein Fotoalbum durch.
Ein lterer Mann ffnet ein Geschenk.
Zwei Jungen tragen rote Rettungswesten und sitzen nebeneinander auf dem Bootsdeck.
Ein Mann und eine Dame in weien Hemden sehen in die Ferne.
Ein Mann in wei mit Sonnenbrille umarmt eine Frau von hinten.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Motorrad vor Eddies Sigkeitenladen.
Vier Mdchen spielen Fuball und ein Erwachsener sieht zu.
Ein Mann und ein Mdchen sitzen auf einer Bank und essen Eistten.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Hemd und Badehose rollt in einem Plastikball durchs Wasser.
Ein Mann sitzt unter einem Schirm und angelt.
Ein afrikanisches Kind mit einem Holzstuhl auf seinem Kopf und ein anderes afrikanisches Kind ist hinter ihm.
Mehrere Frauen sitzen und halten sich an dem Gelnder eines sich neigenden Pendelverkehr fest.
Ein junger Mann in einem weien Hemd sitzt im Dunklen und hlt sein Gesicht mit seiner Hand hoch. Er trgt Kopfhrer.
Ein Mann und eine Frau schauen sich Gemse an.
Drei kleine Kinder haben Spa mit Wasser aus einem Feuerhydranten auf dem Brgersteig.
Eine asiatische Frau nimmt an einem Wettkampf bei der Winterolympiade teil.
Ein Mdchen klettert an einer Felswand.
Leute gehen durch einen beleuchteten Tunnel mit grnem Gelnder.
Leute gegen durch eine geschftige Strae, wahrscheinlich im Ausland.
Zwei Mdchen faulenzen auf Campingsthlen an einem Lagerfeuer.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters mit einem weien Hut, blauem Sweater und Khaki-Hosen schiebt einen Golfball.
Zwei Leute in gestreiften Hemden sitzen an einem Tisch.
Fugnger machen einem Feuerwehrwagen, der auf eine Kreuzung fhrt, platz.
Straenmusikanten spielen Akkordeon, Geige und Gitarre.
Man sieht eine Frau in einer weien Bluse von hinten auf einem Friedhof.
Ein Mann mit Krcken geht hinter einem weien Lastwagen vorbei.
Eine Frau geht mit ihrem Kind und ihren Habseligkeiten, in Krben auf ihrem Rcken, vorbei.
Ein Asiat schlachtet ein Schwein, das an einem Haken hngt.
Ein chinesischer Knstler und Schreiber stellt sein Schild auf.
Ein Mann geht mit einem Einkaufswagen und trgt ein T-Shirt auf dem steht:long live the dead.
Ein braunhaariger Mann mit einem ungepflegten Bart in einem grnen Hemd, benutzt eine Kamera.
Ein Skateboarder macht ein Kunststck auf der Quarterpipe.
Ein Mann wscht in einem ffentlichen Springbrunnen die Ecke einer Jacke.
Eine Person geht ber eine Brcke.
Viele Leute sitzen an einer niedrigen Mauer vor einer Wiese herum und man sieht Gebude aufgereiht an der Strae.
Zwei Mnner mit Hten gehen an einer alten Wand vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einem orangen Turban steht vor einem Korb in dem eine Packung Marlboro Rot und andere kleine Sachen sind.
Ein kleines Mdchen blinzelt und schaut durch eine Linse.
Auf einer regennassen Strae hlt eine Motorrad, mit zwei Leuten, die Helme tragen, vor einem weien Auto an.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht eine Strae herunter.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Kleid macht ein Foto von einer Statur.
Ein Polizist aus Minneapolis steht vor einer Werbetafel eines Dessous.
Ein junger Mann in grnem Hemd spielt Xylophon fr eine Menschenmenge in einer ffentlichen Zone.
Eine junge Dame sitzt eingebettet zwischen Blumen und hat ein Sportgetrnk in der Hand.
Eine Truppe in senffarbenen Uniformen marschiert hinter einem Truppenfhrer, der ein Schwert hlt.
Ein geschftiges Kiosk, das auen steht, verkauft Sachen.
Ein brtiger Mann in grnen Sachen und einem weien Hut geht an einer hohen orangen Wand.
Eine Reihe Leute, die auf einen Karnevalszug warten.
Viele Leute stehen auf groen Steinen die in einem Fluss liegen.
Leute schwimmen in einem Fluss nahe bei einem Kai.
Eine Band macht eine Show am Ufer eines Gewssers in der Nacht und eine Menschenmenge tanzt wie verrckt.
Eine Frau in einem Sweater von der Universitt von Nottingham spielt mit einem Kind.
Ein Liebespaar, vor ihm Wasser und alte Gebude mit Sulen, geschmckt mit Ornamenten, im Hintergrund.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem roten Pullover hlt lchelnd ein Spielzeug in beiden Hnden.
Eine Gruppe Leute sitzt drauen an einem Haus mit einem Bild eines Cowboys in einem roten Hemd an der Seite.
Ein Mdchen in einer rosa Bluse klettert auf einen Holzstuhl.
Ein kleiner Junge steht neben einem groen Haufen Dreck.
Kinder spielen auf dem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann am Handy geht an vier Schildern mit der Aufschrift: NEVER SLEEP AGAIN vorbei.
Ein Mann geht am Strand mit seinen Schuhen in der Hand Spazieren.
Zwei Erwachsene helfen dabei Kuchen an Kinder in einem Klassenzimmer auszuteilen.
Zwei kleine Jungen stehen bei Tageslicht auf einem dreckigen Berghang.
Ein kleiner Junge und eine junge Frau in trkis strecken ihre Zunge fr eine Kamera raus.
Eine Wandmalerei von einem Mann und einer Frau an der Seite eines Gebudes.
Einige Kinder kommen nach drauen um im Hof zu spielen.
Man sieht ein Kind auf einer Schaukel spielen mit Bauarbeitern im Hintergrund.
Ein Kind liegt auf dem Boden und malt ein Bild von einem Mdchen, mit zwei anderen Kindern im Hintergrund.
Ein Junge sitzt allein unten auf einer Steintreppe.
Eine Nahaufnahme von einem aufgeregten Jungen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd geht eine Bergstrae mit Ziegen in seinem Weg herunter.
Ein junger Mann lchelt und zeigt etwas weg von der Kamera, whrend er vor einer Anzeige steht.
Arbeiter putzen und renovieren auf einer Baustelle.
Zwei Mdchen pflcken gelbe Blumen an einem hellen, sonnigen Tag.
Zwei Hunde spielen im Gras.
Zwei weie Hunde beobachten eine Strae und sitzen neben einem weien Fahrrad.
Eine Gruppe Leute tanzt in einem Restaurant.
Eine Gruppe Asiaten ruhen sich an einer Metzgerei aus.
Ein Mann deckt einen Lastwagen voller Blumentpfe ab.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem Haufen Waren und schlt Gemse.
Eine Frau schreibt etwas auf, whrend sie an einer ffentlichen Haltestelle wartet.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd und grauen Hosen geht auf einer Strae und passierte dabei einen Laden.
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid geht die Strae herunter.
Eine Gruppe Leute hat groen Spa in den Straen ihrer Stadt mit Ballons und Fahnen.
Arbeiter in grnen Hemden warten auf mehrere Kunden.
Ein junger Mann reitet auf einem Pferd durch eine Gruppe Leute und spricht dabei in sein Handy.
Ein Mann in einem Rollstuhl sitzt vor dem Wandbild einer verngstigten Frau.
Eine Frau mit einer grnen Schrze schnitzt Fleisch von der Karkasse eines Tiers.
Eine Frau sitzt bei ihren Krben voll Blumen.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Stand, der Fuballschals verkauft, auf einem Hocker.
Ein Mann mit Zigarette in Nonnentracht.
Ein Mann in Nonnentracht hat eine Zigarette im Mund.
Ein junges Kind im Kinderwagen an einem sonnigen Tag.
Wir machen dieses Foto zusammen und setzen es auf Facebook.
Leute unterhalten sich auf einem Flohmarkt.
Alter Mann in einem gestreiften Hemd wartet auf jemanden, der seine Blumen kauft.
Zwei Mnner mit freiem Oberkrper gehen an einem berfllten Strand spazieren.
Leute gehen in der Nacht auf einem geschftigen Brgersteig herum.
Eine groe Gruppe Fahrradfahrer fhrt auf einer groen Brcke herum.
Dutzende von Fahrradfahrern fahren auf einer Hngebrcke und keine Autos sind in Sicht.
Da drngelt eine Gruppe junger Mnner, scheinbar singend, in einem Kreis.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke und weien Hosen steht drauen auf einem roten Gebude neben einem anderen Mann, der zwei gelbe Taschen trgt.
Leute berqueren das Signal.
Ein kleiner asiatischer Junge geht die Strae in traditioneller asiatischer Kleidung herunter und schaut zurck zu einer Dame mit Stckelschuhen und einem beigefarben Rock an.
Ein Mann steht vor einer Gemseauslage.
Eine asiatische Straenszene mit zwei Frauen im Vordergrund, einem roten Gebude mit einem Plakat von einem Lwen im Hintergrund.
Vier Jugendliche springen mit Bllen auf einem Basketballfeld.
Ein Mann in einem lila Hemd, blauen Turnschuhen und einem schwarzen Rucksack fhrt ein Fahrrad.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau geht spazieren und hlt ihr Baby.
Ein brauner Hund mit einem Halsband jagt und beit in einen roten Besen.
Ein grnes Auto parkt in der Nhe eines berfllten Platz.
Zwei Mnner in einem Dorf in Indien spielen Stockball.
Einige Leute gehen auf einer Strae in der Nhe eines sehr groen Wandbildes.
Eine Gruppe Musikanten spielt etwas Musik vor einem Gebude.
Ein Mann hlt frische Frchte vor einem Markt.
Gruppen von Touristen gehen ber eine Brcke und betrachten die Aussicht auf alte Gebude.
Eine lchelnde Frau mit Schwarz verschmiertem Gesicht trgt einen Schirm.
Ein Clown in einem weien Hemd mit Krawatte spielt Geige.
Zwei Frauen in einer Menschenmenge lcheln zusammen.
Ein Mann mit einer Baskenmtze und getnten Brillenglsern steht vor einem Mikrofon.
Fugnger gehen auf einem Brgersteig in einer Stadtszene.
Ein junges Mdchen mit dunklen Haaren, das eine rosa Bluse trgt geht Treppen vor Fahrrdern hoch.
Ein Mdchen streckt die Zunge heraus und macht dabei Hula Hoop mit zwei Ringen.
Ein schwarzer Athlet macht eine Sprung whrend eines Wettkampfs.
Ein Paar zeltet im Wald.
Eine Frau in blau mit Brille hlt ein blau und wei gestreiftes Hemd zu einem Jungen, der gelbe Sachen und auch eine Brille trgt, hoch.
Ein Hund trgt eine gelbe Leine ber Steine, die mit Algen bedeckt sind.
Ein Mann im Anzug sitzt drauen und benutzt seinen Laptop.
Fnf Leute stehen auf einer Wiese.
Eine Frau mit roten Schuhen steht mitten auf der Strae.
Ein Mann angelt im Wasser mit hohen Wellen.
Eine Frau spricht am Telefon hinter einem Regal mit groen blauen Plastikflaschen.
Ein Mann macht ein Foto in Richtung des Fotografen.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem anderen Mann, der auf dem Brgersteig steht.
Eine Menschenmenge sitzt drauen auf einer Veranda.
Ein Mann auf einer Bhne zeigt seinem Freund seine Cue Karten.
Ein Mann in rotem Hemd und schwarzem Hut stiert auf einen anderen Mann.
Die drei Mnner spielen mit einer Frisbee.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen kssen sich an einem See.
Ein Mann sitzt mit bergeschlagenen Beinen auf einem Stuhl und sieht nach rechts.
Ein Mann in einem Aufzug inspiziert die Fassade eines Gebudes.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Weste tanzt mit einer Frau mit schwarzen Haaren.
Eine Vogelperspektive von Leuten die Getrnke in ihren Hnden halten.
Eine Frau, ein Mann und ein Kind stehen in einer Strae mit Schirmen.
Zwei Menschen die rote Pullover tragen, fahren auf ihren Fahrrdern die Strae hinunter.
Ein Paar umarmt sich neben einer mit Graffiti angemalten Sule, whrend ein Mann ein Foto von ihnen macht.
Zwei Mnner kaufen auf einem geschftigen asiatischen Markt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd geht zwischen Felsen im flachen Wasser in der Nhe eines landschaftlichen tropischen Strandes spazieren.
Ein junger Mann in Jeans balanciert auf Gleisen.
Eine Person bindet ihre Haare in einem belebten Viertel der Stadt, mit mehreren Telefonzellen im Hintergrund, hoch.
Ein Mann sitzt im Schatten an einem weien Plastiktisch.
Jungs und Mdchen stehen in einem engen Platz mit Getrnken in den Hnden.
Zwei Kinder stehen mit einem Netz stehen an einem flachen Ufer.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille bedient eine Steuerplatine.
Mehrere Leute stehen auf einer Party herum.
Eine Gruppe Leute unterhlt sich in einer Kneipe.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Stuhl auf der Strae und spielt seine Gitarre.
Zwei Mnner mit Angelruten stehen an einem Ufer.
Ein Fuballspieler in grn greift einen Fuballspieler in wei an.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke und weiem Hut posiert mit einer altmodischen Kamera.
Ein Mann fhrt drauen an einer orange Wand mit einem Fahrrad vorbei.
Eine Gruppe Leute fhrt auf einem Laufband am Flughafen.
Leute stehen auf dem Brgersteig einer Strae.
Eine Frau holt sich etwas zu essen unter einem blauen Zelt.
Eine Gruppe junger Tnzer fhrt zusammen vor dem Radio City auf.
Eine Gruppe von Tnzern zeigt in passenden Outfits eine Auffhrung.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Skateboard an einer mit Graffiti bedeckten Wand vorbei.
Eine Frau steht und blickt ber das Wasser, whrend jemand ein Foto von ihr macht.
Zwei nasse Jungen in blauen Badesachen.
Ein alter Mann schlft in einem Stuhl auerhalb eines verlassenen Gebudes.
Eine schwarze Frau sitzt neben einem asiatischen Mdchen mit temporren Ttowierungen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und spielt Gitarre.
Eine Frau stellt etwas feiner ein an einem Fahrrad, was von einem Zaun hngt.
Ein Mann der einen roten Hut, eine rote Jacke und eine rote Sonnenbrille trgt, hrt Musik auf seinem Musik-Player.
Der Weihnachtsmann ist in der Reihe der Tnzer fr die Parade.
Ein Mann mit einen blauen # 5-Trikot, schlgt einen gelben Softball zu einigen Feldspielern auf eine Wiese.
Eine braune Katze sitzt oben auf einem alten Auto.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen am Abend auf Stufen, mit vielen Sulen um sie herum.
Eine weie Katze sitzt auf einer Mauer.
Ein Mann der eine schwarze Jacke und Hut trgt, geht spazieren und hlt eine Zigarette.
Eine Frau wartet mit ihrem Kind auf einer Bank.
Eine junge Frau sitzt auf einem roten Bus und guckt aus dem Fenster.
Dutzende von Menschen sind zu Fu auf einem riesigen Platz vor einem massiven Treppenhaus unterwegs.
Ein junger Mann macht Fotos whrende andere Zivilisten an ihm vorbei gehen.
Ein Mann benutzt eine Kamera in einem Stadion.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke, steht neben einer Strae, die ein Gewsser berblickt.
In grnen Uniformen gekleidete Menschen heben Metall auf.
Zwei Mnner sitzen an einem Tisch mit Getrnken, und gucken einen anderen Mann an, der zu Fu mit einer Tasche drauen langgeht.
Leute gehen spazieren, und eine Frau trgt Taschen.
Eine Frau die ein blaues Hemd, Jeans und rote Converse Turnschuhe trgt, macht ein Foto.
Blick auf den historischen Bereich einer europischen Stadt.
Eine Frau, die in blau gekleidet ist und einen hellbraunen Hut trgt, lchelt.
Eine asiatische Frau steht in einem berfllten stdtischen Gebiet und hrt Musik.
Ein Mann, der ein Fahrrad fhrt, versucht eine belebte Strae zu berqueren.
Ein Junge mit schwarzem Hemd sitzt auf den Schultern seiner Mutter.
Eine Frau (Carol Thorn) in einem roten Kleid spielt ein elektrisches Cello auf einer Bhne.
Leute sitzen auf einer Reihe von Tribnen.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf einer Stufe nebeneinander.
Ein Auenverkufer mit einem Tisch voller Hte, Puppen und Schmuck.
Zwei Mnche in orangefarbene Gewndern sprechen auerhalb eines Hauses, wo gerade ein Mann in normaler Kleidung raus geht.
Die Frau spielt mit einem Baby.
Ein Mann der ein weies Hemd und Khaki-Hosen trgt, geht an einem Imbissstand vorbei.
Eine Gruppe lterer Mnnern sitzt auf einer Bank im Freien.
Eine Frau die ein rotes Kleid trgt, spielt ein Saiteninstrument.
Menschen stehen zwischen vielen Windrdern.
Mehrere Menschen versammeln sich an einem Tisch mit Schirm vor einem Laden namens DAHLAK.
Eine Person hat zwei kleine Kinder vor sich auf einem Motorrad sitzen.
Ein Mann hlt sein weies Hemd hoch und zeigt seinen Bauch whrend er auf einem roten Motorrad sitzt.
Eine asiatische Frau die eine geblmte Jacke trgt hlt ihr Baby.
Eine militrische Blaskapelle mit Soldaten in formeller Uniform mit roten Mnteln und schwarzen Hten, marschiert, angefhrt von einem Saxophonisten, vorbei.
Ein Mann runzelt die Stirn mit seiner Kamera in der Hand.
Eine Frau mit kurzen Haaren spielt Geige.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann mit Brille und einem schwarzen Hemd hlt ein Instrument.
Ein Paar steht an einem oberen Ende von Treppen und ksst sich.
Der Mann im blauen Hemd fhrt sein Fahrrad die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann in Kochkleidung hlt einen groen Lffel ber einen riesigen Kochtopf auf dem Herd.
Eine sehr belebten Strae mit vielen Leuten, die sich in der Nhe von einem chinesischen Restaurant unterhalten.
Mehrere Motorradfahrer fahren auf der Strae an einem sonnigen Tag.
Ein paar Touristen auf einem chinesischen Markt blicken auf ihre Kamera.
Ein junges Modell posiert fr ihre Fotoaufnahme unter einem Kai.
Ein Mdchen mit Handtasche geht zu Fu an einem Fenster vorbei.
Eine Familie, die auf einem Brgersteig aus Ziegelsteinen steht, ist im Gesprch mit einem Knstler, der einen groen Skizzenblock hlt.
Die Menschen gehen durch eine Gasse in der Trkei.
Eine kleine Menschenmenge versammelt sich und schaut sich eine Aktivitt an die vor ihnen Auftritt.
Eine Frau in einer blauen Jacke geht eine Strae entlang.
Eine Person, die in schwarz mit einem roten Rucksack gekleidet ist, geht zu Fu in die Richtung eines Freiluftmarktes.
Eine bunte Rikschaw mit zwei Fahrgsten stoppt am Strand an einem Cola-Kiosk.
Drei Mnner sphen durch einen Zaun der mit Felsen bedeckt ist.
Ein Mann scheint eine Art Instrument zu spielen.
Ein Junge, der eine rote Badehose trgt, schwingt an einem Seil ins Wasser.
Ein Straenhndler in Europa verkauft an mehrere ltere Leute.
Drei Mnner die in blau gekleidet sind spielen Gitarre, whrend eine Frau singt.
Eine Band tritt vor einer Menschenmenge auf.
Eine Band spielt auf der Bhne, mit zwei Menschen die einander zugewandt sind und singen, eine Person die Schlagzeug spielt, eine die Keyboard spielt und eine Person die Gitarre spielt.
Ein Jazz-Cover-Band spielt unter heien Stroboskoplichtern.
Eine Person geht durch einen Gang mit Steinbgen durch.
Eine Braut trgt einen orangefarbenen Grtel an ihrem Hochzeitstag.
Eine Frau in einem weien Hemd mit einem Schal schreibt SMS auf ihrem Handy whrend sie geht.
Eine blonde Frau in einem schmutzig weien Mantel scheucht Vgel von einem Tisch.
Ein afro amerikanischer Junge steht in einem umzunten Gebiet mit Hnden an seinem Gesicht.
Ein Mdchen steht in der Nhe, whrend ein Junge in einer offenen Tr sitzt.
Eine Gruppe Leute, die mit dem Kopf leicht gesenkt und den Armen leicht nach oben gebeugt stehen, schlieen eine Bewegung ab.
Drei Menschen gehen an einem stark reflektierenden Gebude vorbei.
Zwei Frauen tragen Sonnenbrillen und essen.
Eine Menschenmenge versammelt sich auf einer Grnflche.
Weibliche Sicherheitsbeauftragte mit Sonnenbrille stehen in einer Gruppe zusammen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd fhrt mit einem ffentlichen Verkehrsmitteln.
Der Blick von einem Park durch eine Stadtstrae.
Schottische Mnner in formaler Kleidung spielen Dudelsack.
Menschen stehen sich in einer Reihe gegenber und halten Flaschen mit bernsteinfarbener Flssigkeit, Kisten und Etiketten in der Hand.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann steht vor einem krftig roten, schwarz und weien Hintergrund.
Zwei Menschen kssen sich auf einem sehr kunstvollen Balkon neben riesigen Sulen.
Ein lterer Mann mit Stock, geht einkaufen.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt nimmt Geld von zwei Frauen fr Lebensmittel.
Vier ltere Herrn sitzen drauen auf Sthlen.
Eine groe Gruppe Leute geht im Freien an einem McDonalds vorbei.
Mehrere Menschen sind im Regen zu Fu unterwegs.
Ein Mann steht vor einer weien Wand, mit einer Geschftsanzeige.
Eine Menschenmenge sitzt auf einer Wiese und klatscht.
Es werden rosa knstliche Tulpen in einem Lokal mit drei Menschen im Hintergrund angezeigt.
Ein Arbeiter in einem Spirituosengeschft.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd schneidet das Gras mit einem Aufsitzmher.
Vier Leute sind in einem kathedralenartigen Gebude dargestellt.
Eine Frau mit kurzen braunen Haaren, in Jeans und einem Leopardenoberteil macht ein Foto.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper sitzt auf einem Moped.
Eine Frau die ein blaues T-Shirt mit Nike Aufschrift trgt, trgt Gemse.
Einer Frau in einer gestreiften Bluse wird eine Halskette gezeigt.
Zwei Frauen in Shorts sitzen auf Stufen einer Wohnung oder eines Hauses.
Leute ziehen aus ihrem Haus aus.
Der orangehaarige Hund schttelte den Kopf am Strand.
Ein Mann mittleres Alters mit langen blonden Haaren und Brille sitzt in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein junges Paar ist im Gesprch mit einer lteren Frau auf einem belebten Podest.
Ein Kind steht vor einem riesigen mechanischen Elefanten.
Eine Frau hilft einem Mdchen ein Symbol in Steine zu ritzen.
Zwei Frauen gehen auf einer Strae neben Graffiti entlang.
Zwei Motorradfahrer fahren eine Strae herunter.
Ein paar Kinder sitzen auf einer Bank und spielen mit einem roten Helm.
Ein Mann sitzt vor seinem Hotdog-Stand neben einer Baustelle und liet ein Buch.
Eine Gruppe Leute liegt in einem Park.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten an, um ein Bild in einer Auenanlage zu machen.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen T-Shirt und schwarzen Shorts saugt ein Schlafzimmer.
Ein Mdchen macht in einem Park ein Foto.
Ein kleiner Junge recht die Bltter mit einer Harke.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen mit einem roten Beutel steht auf der Strae.
Paare tanzen in den Straen.
Ein Mann steht neben einer groen schwarzen Lwenstatur.
Eine Frau in schwarzer Hose berquert einen belebten Brgersteig vor einem Herrenclub.
Zuschauer machen Fotos von einem Fahrradrennen.
Dieser Mann fhrt seinen schwarz-weien Hund ber ein blaues Hindernis.
Ein Mann bestellt einen Hot Dog bei einem Straenhndler.
Ein junges blondes Mdchen hlt einen Wasserball mitten auf einer Wiese.
Drei junge Mdchen gehen auf einem Brgersteig spazieren.
Eine Gruppe Jungen geht zu Fu ber einen Platz.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Kette.
Eine Frau lehnt mit einem Bein hoch gegen einer Wand und schaut auf ihr Handy.
Ein junger Mann berprft sein Handy whrend er gegen einen Zeitungsbehlter lehnt.
Ein junger Mann mit freiem Oberkrper steht in der Nhe von einem Auto mit Surfbrettern drauf.
Eine Frau die ein bedrucktes Gewand trgt, liet ein Buch.
Ein Mann geht eine Strae neben Husern, die in einem geometrischen Muster angemalt sind, entlang.
Autos und Motorradfahrer fahren eine Strae, an der alte Gebuden aufgereiht sind, herunter.
Eine Stadtstrae mit vielen Leuten, Obstkarren und einem Bus.
Ein ganz wei gekleideter Mann sitzt drauen mit einem katzenartigen Freund.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Oberteil und brauner Hose malt ein Kind, das einen Baum umarmt.
Zwei Arbeiter arbeiten mit einem Werkzeug und befestigen einen Gegenstand an einen Stein.
Menschen stehen in der Strae vor einigen hohen cremefarbenen Gebuden.
Ein Straenmusiker fhrt etwas auf seiner Gitarre in einer belebten Strae auf.
Sieben Mdchen stehen in einer Reihe, um in einem Park zu spielen.
Zwei Frauen, die in Wei gekleidet sind, stehen auf dem Brgersteig unter einem Schirm.
Ein Mann in khakifarbener Hose beugt sich vor einer Graffiti bedeckten Wand ber.
Ein blonder Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper sprht Graffiti an eine Wand.
Eine Frau in einem weien Hemd und Jeans-Shorts, hlt ein Getrnk in der linken Hand.
Ein Mann auf der Strae, spielt Schlagzeug auf alten Dosen.
Eine Frau die ganz in rosa und Gold gekleidet ist, starrt auf etwas.
Menschen versammelten sich auf einer Treppe vor einer Kirche.
Ein Mann mit einer Aktentasche geht zu Fu durch eine Gegend, in der jemand die Wnde mit Kunst bemalt hat.
Ein junger Mann hrt auf einer Seitenstrae Musik mit Kopfhrern.
Eine Frau steht an einem Zebrastreifen, wo die Ampel nur die Hand und den Mittelfinger beleuchtet hat.
Eine Frau steht in einem Pool mit drei kleineren Jungen.
Eine Dame schwimmt mit zwei Jungen die beide Schwimmflgel tragen.
Zwei Mnner in Hten buddeln Steine und Dreck aus dem Boden.
Drei Mdchen mit langen braunen Haaren sitzen nebeneinander in der Nhe eines Baumes.
Eine junge Frau geht durch sitzende Zuschauer.
Eine Frau, die einen schwarzen Bleistiftrock, ein weies Hemd mit Knpfen und Flip-Flops trgt, geht ber die Strae.
Zwei Leute sitzen auf der Seite der Strae vor einem Jahrmarkt.
Zwei Asiaten mit Schutzhelmen fahren auf einem roten Roller vorbei an zwei Personen die auf der Strae mit zwei Krben an ihren Seiten knien.
Ein Junge zeigt das Bravo Zeichen, whrend er Wasserski auf trbem Wasser fhrt.
Ein junger Mann macht am Meer Fotos von zwei Freunden.
Ein Mann mit einem langen Bart guckt ins Wasser.
Ein Mann macht einen Breakdance auf einer groen Matte, whrend einige Leute zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute wartet darauf eine Strae zu berqueren.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd und weier Hose fhrt einen Breakdance vor Schaulustigen auf.
Ein Fahrradfahrer fhrt allein in einer abgelegenen Gegend herum und springt ber Gegenstnde.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Brille beobachtet etwas in der Ferne.
Eine Person mit rosafarbener Schwimmbrille blst unter Wasser Luftblasen.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille in einem Kleid und ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd stehen im Freien mit einer groen Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau trgt blaue Shorts, eine gelbe Bluse und eine Sonnenbrille.
Zwei Mdchen stehen am Straenrand.
Dieser Sprung eines Fahrrads scheint den Fahrer gegen den Horizont zu heben.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd wandert ber Felsen und Wasser.
Drei braune Welpen laufen im Gras.
Zwei Menschen heben ihre Habseligkeiten vor einem Laden namens Subway auf.
Ein brtiger Mann macht mit einer Kamera und einem Teleobjektiv Fotos.
Ein Mann mit Brille sitzt vor einem Apple-Computer und trinkt aus einer Tasse, whrend ein anderer Mann mit einer Kappe und Brille vor einem Mikrofon steht.
Mnner sitzen auf ihren Taschen auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann schneidet seine Haare auf einem offenen Platz.
Drei Jungen hngen drauen an einem Obststand herum.
Ein Baby hngt in einer Babyschaukel auf einem Deck in einem Seehafen.
Kinder gehen einer Strae neben Fahrzeugverkehr herunter.
Drei Mnner baden mit freiem Oberkrper in einem Kanal.
Kinder, die Videospiele spielen.
Eine Dame in einem roten Hemd und Bikini-Unterteil ist auf dem Weg ins Meer zum Surfen auf einem blauen Board.
Ein Soldat spricht vor mehreren Leuten.
Menschen fahren auf einer Achterbahn vor einem Gewsser.
Ein Mann und eine Frau betrachten ein Lotterielos in China.
Eine Junge mit freiem Oberkrper steht vor einem Pool, whrend eine Frau in religiser Kleidung hinter ihm steht.
Eine Frau spielt Himmel und Hlle.
Eine Frau mit einem gelben Hut und buntem Kleid schaut sich ein Buch auf einer Terrasse an.
Ein Mensch und ein Kind fahren auf einem Rasenmher die Strae hinunter.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd blickt auf seinen blauen Wschesack neben einer Waschmaschine.
Ein Mann arbeitet an schwere Maschinen.
Der Mann im grauen Hemd versperrt einer zweiten Person in einem schwarzen Hemd die Sicht whrend er in eine Waschmaschine schaut.
Zwei ltere Frauen gehen durch flaches Wasser.
Eine ltere blonde Frau mit Sonnenbrille lehnt an einem sonnigen Tag auf einem Brckengelnder.
Ein obdachloser Mann sitzt und starrt.
Eine schwere Frau in einem blau-weien Kleid geht um ein Stadtviertel.
Drei Freunde stehen um einen Fotoautomaten herum.
Zwei Mnner lachen vor einem Licht.
Ein Mdchen sitzt gegen ein Gebude gelehnt in der Nhe eines Feuerhydranten.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann sitzt an einem Tisch und macht ein Foto von einer lteren Frau auf einer Terrasse.
Zwei Frauen machen einen Pole-Dance in der Mitte einer Strae.
Ein Mann versucht ein Foto von seiner Frau und ihm zu machen, whrend sie sich umgeben von Blumen, kssen
Ein Gentleman sitzt allein an einem Tisch.
Eine Person, die graue umgekehrte Schuhe trgt, macht ein Bild davon, wie das Wasser fast seine Schuhe berhrt.
Eine Gruppe Mnner angezogen in seltsamer Kleidung, unterhalten sich ber ihren Tag.
Eine Frau und ein Mann sind an einem Schreibtisch mit Stapel von Bargeld oder Whrung um sie herum.
Funken fliegen whrend ein Mann Metall schweit.
Zwei Mnner und eine rot gekleidete Frau, stehen mit einem Surfbrett am Strand.
Einige Kinder spielen in Gras in der Nhe von Bumen.
Zwei Frauen gucken sich Esel an einem Strand an.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht am Strand herum.
Zwei Mnner spielen mit ihren schwarz-weien Hunden am Strand.
Zwei alte Mnner sitzen auf gegenberliegenden Enden auf einer Parkbank.
Eine Frau mit einer grnen Handtasche sitzt in einer Kneipe mit einem leeren Glas vor sich.
Ein Barkeeper mischt viele Cocktails.
Eine Frau liegt in einem schwarzen Badeanzug ausgestreckt auf einem Bett, das auf dem Dach eines Gebudes steht mit einem groen weien Schirm in ihrem Blickfeld.
Zwei Frauen lachen ber einen Witz auf einem Stoppschild.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd der ein rotes Herz in seine gebleichten Haare rasiert hat, telefoniert auf einem Handy.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Hemd und Jeans geht zu Fu durch eine Innenstadt.
Ein asiatischer Fotograf prft seine Kamera vor einem Modegeschft mit Fugngern um ihn herum.
Eine Person surft auf dem Kamm einer Welle.
Ein Mann mit einem groen weien Bart schiebt einen Wagen voller Mllbeutel und Kartons einen Brgersteig hinunter.
Ein Mann spielt Schlagzeug auf Krgen die auf dem Kopf stehen.
Ein alter Mensch guckt Fernsehen whrend er vor einer Geschftsvitrine hockt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt und einer Gesichtsmaske arbeitet mit Haken.
Zwei Personen schwimmen in einem groen Pool umgeben von Liegesthlen.
Zwei Handwerker in Schutzhelmen arbeiten auf einer Baustelle.
Die meisten von ihnen tragen eine Maske um sich vor Schadstoffen zu schtzen.
Ein Mdchen luft auf Gras.
Zwei Kinder sitzen auf der Rckseite eines dreirdrigen Motorrollers, das von einer jungen Dame in Rosa gefahren wird.
Ein Gebude hat eine Biene auf das Dach gemalt.
Blonde Kinder schlafen auf dem Scho eines Erwachsenen, whrend sie in einem Bus fahren.
Eine im Regen stehende Frau, die ein Kleid trgt, hlt ein Stofftier, eine Geldbrse und einen Regenschirm.
Eine Frau wirft der Kamera einen bsen Blick zu whrend sie auf dem Brgersteig entlang geht.
Zwei Personen mit groen Ohrstpseln sitzen neben einander.
Eine schwarze Frau mit einem Schal auf ihrem Kopf steht auf einem Brgersteig und lchelt.
Eine junge Dame geht durch die Strae.
Zwei Mnner fahren auf einem Motorrad auf einer Strae.
Eine Frau isst Popcorn von ihrer Popcorntheke.
Eine Frau, die ein schwarzes Hemd trgt, steht drauen auf der Strae und telefoniert auf einem Handy.
Eine groe Anzahl von lteren Menschen sitzen drauen auf Bnken.
Menschen in Geschftskleidung gehen eine Gasse hinunter.
Ein kugelfrmiges Meeresaquariumgebude.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Exuma, whrend drei andere Mnnern um eine Baustelle herum stehen.
Eine blonde Frau trgt ein rmelloses Hemd und verschieden farbige Handschuhe.
Mehrere junge Menschen spielen ein Brettspiel auf einer groen Decke in einem grasbewachsenen Feld.
Zwei Personen gehen und gucken sich Stofftiere an.
Eine Gruppe Leute guckt sich Bcher in einer Bibliothek an.
Eine Frau liest mit einem Kind.
Einige Frauen sind mit Kindern in einer Bibliothek.
Menschen gehen auf einem gepflasterten Gehweg in der Nhe eines Seehafens.
Ein lterer Herr sitzt mit gekreuzten Beinen auf einer Bank und raucht eine Zigarre.
Ein belebter Vergngungspark in Europa.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Rock schiebt einen Kinderwagen entlang einer Allee.
Ein Volleyballspieler schlgt einen Volleyball.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und dunkler Hose lehnt an einer Wand mit zwei Schaufenstern die hell erleuchtet sind.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hut und gestreiften Hemd geht spazieren.
Eine Motorradfahrerin mit Helm in der Hand steht an ihrem Motorrad.
Eine Frau mit einer grnen Tasche macht ein Foto.
Ein Typ in einem schwarzen Hemd und brunlicher Hose lehnt sich leicht aus einem groen Fenster heraus, um sich etwas anzugucken.
Ein junges Paar ksst sich vor einem Fahrradstnder.
Ein Mann malt vor einer Schaufensterfront, wo seine Gemlde ausgestellt sind.
Ein Mann telefoniert auf seinem Handy vor einem Brunnen.
Ein Mdchen ist in der Luft mit Gesicht nach oben und macht irgendeine Art von Gymnastik oder vielleicht springt Sie auch in einen Pool.
Eine Turnerin trgt einen schwarz-orangefarbenen Anzug und ist in der Luft.
Eine Dame mit schwarzen Haaren und einem burgunderroten und schwarzen Anzug macht einen Sprung ins Wasser.
Ein Mann putzt die Fenster an einem roten Backsteingebude.
Eine junge Frau die ein glitzerndes schwarzes Kostm trgt, gleitet ber das Eis.
Menschen starren hoch auf ein Flugzeug das vorbei fliegt.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd redet mit einer Gruppe von sieben Kindern.
Ein lterer Mann mit wilden Haaren guckt sich Motorrder an.
Eine Frau in einem roten Mantel sitzt mit Kaninchen im Gras .
Ungefhr sechs ltere Frauen sitzen auf einer Bank und unterhalten sich.
Ein afrikanischer Mann mit einem bunten Hut spielt auf Kongotrommeln.
Ein Mann der einen gelben Schutzhelm aufhat, zieht an einem Seil.
Eine Gruppe Mnnern in Smokings redet mit Leuten die auf dem Brgersteig sitzen.
Ein junge Schwimmerin erhlt eine trstliche Umarmung von einem Trainer.
Ein wunderschnes Foto von einer Strae, wo Menschen an einem alten Gebude vorbei gehen.
Eine Frau und alte Damen sitzen auf einer Bank.
Ein Vater und ein Sohn genieen eine Fahrradtour an einem schnen sonnigen Tag.
Das Bild zeigt eine attraktive Frau, die schwarz angezogene ist mit ihrem Handy.
Ein Typ in schwarze Badezeug steigt aus dem Pool in einem Hotel heraus.
Ein Mann kniet auf einem Fuball, whrend zwei Frauen ihn beobachten.
Ein kleines Mdchen das ein gelbes Hemd trgt, springt ber eine orange Kegel.
Ein junges Mdchen das ber orangen Kegel springt.
Ein lterer Mann in einer orangefarbenen zeremoniellen Jacke hlt einen Blumenstrau in der Hand.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd trgt eine Tasche ber seiner rechten Schulter.
Eine junge Person, geschminkt im Stil einer Tigerzeichnung, knurrt.
Mehrere Lufer konkurrieren in einem Straenrennen.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht einen Handstand und lchelt dabei.
Frauen fahren auf einer Stadtstrae Fahrrad.
Eine Frau mit einer weien Handtasche geht ber einen grauen Plattform vor einem hohen Gebude.
Ein Mann ist geschminkt wie ein Clown.
Ein Mann mit brauner Hose verkauft Lebensmittel von einem fahrbaren Verkaufsgrill.
Ein Mann hlt einige Formalitten mit Bezug auf Bankrettungsfonds in der Hand.
Ein Kind mit einem roten Hemd rollt eine Bowling-Kugel die Bahn hinunter.
Eine Frau mit einer Designerhandtasche bewundert die Aussicht.
Ein Mann fhrt mit dem Fahrrad an dem Chung Mai Food Market vorbei.
Ein Geschft ist in der Nacht geffnet.
Ein Mann mit viel Schminke und einem blutigen Hemd, hlt eine Flasche Wasser.
Leute fahren auf ffentlichen Wegen Fahrrad.
Fahrradfahrer nehmen an einem Straenrennen teil, bei dem die Spuren mit gelben Kegel abgetrennt sind.
Zwei Autos werden auf einem Parkplatz gewaschen.
Ein Junge mit kurzer Jeans und hell-blauen Turnschuhen fhrt Skateboard neben einem hohen Zaun.
Eine junge, schwarz gekleidete Frau guckt sich Gegenstnde von einem Straenhndler an.
Ein Teenager-Jungen mit einem roten Hut sitzt an der Seite von einer Fugngerbrcke, whrend Menschen an ihm vorbei gehen.
Leute in einem Lokal lachen und unterhalten sich.
An einem sonnigen Tag hat dieser ttowierte Mann seine Kleidung in einem Detailgeschft ausgezogen.
Eine belebte Stadt mit Autos und Leuten mit einem riesigen Wolkenkratzer.
Eine Gruppe amerikanischer Kamelreiter lchelt und hat Spa auf einem Schotterweg.
Eine blonde Frau hlt ausgestreckt etwas in ihrer Hand, whrend eine andere Frau und ein Mann an ihr vorbei gehen.
Ein Mann auf einem Stuhl liest ein Buch auf dem Brgersteig, nur mit seinem blauen Pyjama und Kopfhrern an.
Ein Motorradfahrer mit einem Baby in einem kleinen Abteil und anderen Motorradfahrern im Hintergrund.
Ein Kind in einer Jeans-Jacke wo auf dem Rcken Love Kills Slowly geschrieben steht.
Leute gehen die Strae entlang, whrend andere Menschen sitzen und zu Mittag essen.
Ein Fuballspieler liegt verletzt auf dem Boden und ihm wird vom Schiedsrichter und einem anderen Spieler geholfen.
Zwei Mnner tragen Netze in der Nhe eines Piers.
Zwei Frauen spielen im Wasser an einem Strand in der Nhe der Kste.
Eine grne halbberdachte Brcke steht vor einem Haus.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben T-Shirt taumelt zum Ende einer gelben Rutsche.
Drei Personen, die alle dunkle Kleidung tragen, unterhalten sich an einer Straenecke.
Dinosaurier-Ausstellung neben einem Baum, an dem ein Ballon in den Zweigen hngen geblieben ist.
Ein Typ in einem blauen Hemd zieht etwas.
Ein Gebude mit einem groen Schild mit der Aufschrift Schmerz ist vorbergehend, Aufgeben ist fr immer.
Eine groe Menschenmenge steht vor einem belebten Gebude.
Ein Kind in einer grnen Jacke und blauem Hut sitzt auf einer Bank und isst Eiscreme aus einem Becher.
Dies ist ein Berufstaucher.
Eine Frau in einem rot-blauen T-Shirt starrt auf einem Poster an der Wand.
Zwei Mnner genieen die Zeit in einem Skatepark, der eine fhrt Fahrrad und der andere sein Skateboard.
Eine Frau in einem grnen T-Shirt telefoniert auf ihrem Handy whrend Sie an einem Mann mit blauem Hemd, der eine Zeitung liet, vorbei geht.
Drei verkleidete Leute spielen auf einem Brgersteig Musik.
Drei junge Mnner tanzen vor einer halbrund aufgestellten Menschenmenge.
Ein paar Schler liegen nebeneinander in einem Betonpark.
Ein Mann in grau-schwarzer Kleidung, spielt eine schwarze akustische Gitarre mit einer etwas kleineren rosa gekleideten Frau, die eine Geige spielt.
Ein Mann macht einen Breakdance drauen vor einer Menschenmenge.
Eine Frau mit Ttowierungen, die ein schwarzes rmelloses Oberteil trgt, schaut auf den Boden.
Ein Mann auf einem Feld macht ein Foto bergab.
Eine Frau auf einem blauen Fahrrad trgt einen weien Stuhl auf ihren Schultern.
Ein Mann kitzelt ein kleines Kind vor einem sonnigen Fenster.
Eine Geisha steht auerhalb eines Ladens und spht zur Seite.
Leute fahren auf einem Motorrad an einer Uferstrae.
Ein Mann in einem langrmigen T-Shirt, sitzt an einem Kchentisch und isst von einem Pappteller.
Ein asiatischer Mann mit Brille und einem blauen Oberhemd, gibt eine Vorstellung mit Hilfe eines Projektors.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gehen an Schaufenstern vorbei.
Ein Mann und eine Frau legen Handtcher auf den Sand am Strand.
Die Straenlampe steht im Mittelpunk, aber es wird auch eine Person gezeigt, die sich direkt hinter der Lampe hinunter beugt.
Ein kleines Mdchen luft auf einem Weg in einem japanischen Garten herunter.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack liest ein Buch in der Nhe von einer Frau, die sich auf einer Betonplatte entspannt.
Ein lterer Herr reinigt die Kneipe, whrend ein Mann hinter ihm ihn beobachtet.
Eine Frau fhrt etwas auf einer Bhne mit einem Mikrofon auf.
Ein Bahnsteig um 11:27 Uhr am Morgen.
Ein Mann mit Blumen schaut aus seinem Fenster im zweiten Stock.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einer Reihe von Blcken.
Ein schizophrener Mann malt eine Karikatur von zwei Mnnern, obwohl nur eine Frau anwesend ist.
Eine Frau richtet ihrer Digitalkamera auf ein groes Ereignis aus.
Eine Frau hlt einen schwarzen Regenschirm und eine weie Einkaufstasche im Regen.
Menschen mit Regenschirmen gehen im Regen an Geschften vorbei.
Ein Paar hlt an einem Teich an, weil die Braut sich einen Teich angucken will.
Ein lterer Mann repariert das Fahrrad eines jungen Mannes.
Eine Frau und ein Mann sitzen auf einer Steinbank, mit hohen Gebuden hinter ihnen.
Eine Person kauert sich unter einer Decke zusammen, whrend sie auf einer Bank sitzt.
Zwei Mher holzen an einem windigen Tag Palmenzweige neben einer nahe gelegenen Volkshochschule ab.
Leute sitzen in einer belebten Metropole.
Ein Mann an einem Flughafen winkt in die Kamera.
Es regnet drauen und man sieht drei schwarze Regenschirme und einen gelb-rosa Regenschirm.
Eine Frau sitzt neben einer Blume vor einem McDonalds-Restaurant.
Jemand schiebt Regenwasser von dem Vordach.
Eine Gruppe Leute, die bei einem Blumenstand steht, schaut, als eine groe Menge Wasser vom Zelt fllt.
Zwei Menschen die Ruckscke tragen, gehen neben einem Gebude.
Eine Person in einem grn-weien T-Shirt fhrt ein Gelndemotorrad in der Nhe einer Baumgruppe.
Ein kleiner Junge rennt mit einer Fahne durch das Gras.
Ein schwarzes Kind sitzt auf einer Spielzeuggiraffe und kaut an seinen Fingerngeln.
Eine Frau im Krankenhaus hlt ihr Baby.
Ein Mann in einem blauen geht neben Rauch und einem roten LKW her.
Eine gelbes Taxi in New York City.
Ein Mann in Stammeskleidung geht eine Strae hinunter, whrend Zuschauer hinter einem rot-weien Absperrband stehen.
Eine Frau in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt geniet Essen in ffentlicher Umgebung.
Der Hund hat all den Komfort in einem Haus, den er braucht, und doch hat er kein wirkliches Zuhause.
Menschen fahren die Rolltreppe, anstatt die Treppe hinauf zu gehen.
Verschiedene Glas- und Keramikteile werden auf Regalen mit einem Spiegeltrger angeordnet.
Eine Frau liest ihr Buch in einem rtlichen Stadtpark.
Eine braun gekleidete Frau hlt ihr Kind vor ein asiatisch inspiriertes Gebude.
Menschen gucken sich teure Ausrstung an und lcheln.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Baseballmtze sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein Mann trgt orange in Staub und Schmutz.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt einen Lufttrick zwischen schmuddelig aussehende Mauern vor, mit Stromleitungen die den Hintergrund durchkreuzen.
Asiatische Jugendliche ziehen Geld von einem Geldautomaten.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau, die Anzge tragen, gehen auf der Strae entlang.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau stehen vor einem Herd und kochen.
Ein Mann wirkt sehr klein, als er neben einem alten Gebude langgeht.
Verschiedene Menschen lungern um ein Gebude herum.
Ein Mann in einem cremefarbigen Blazer und Filzhut spielt das Saxophon.
Eine Person in einem roten Hemd und schwarzer Hose sitzt in gebckter Haltung.
Eine Frau in einer Militruniform mit zurckgebundenen Haaren.
Bauarbeiten auf einer Strae in der Innenstadt.
Zwei Frauen die Stiefel und Taschen tragen, unterhalten sich miteinander.
Eine Inderin in traditioneller Tracht geht mit einem Schirm spazieren.
Dieser Weg fhrt zum Eingang des Apfelmarkts.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einigen Stufen von Geschften auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack starrt in die Kamera mit einem gelb abstrakten Hintergrund.
Diese Leute fahren einen alt aussehenden Wagen.
Zwei Frauen lesen ein Plakat an der Berliner Mauer.
Ein schwarzes Auto fhrt an einem Laden von Walgreens vorbei.
Drei Mnner entscheiden sich ein Huhn von einem Ladengeschft zu essen
Drei Frauen die in Wei gekleidet sind, gehen zusammen spazieren.
Eine Frau auf einem Roller mit einer Zigarette, die aus ihrem Mund hngt.
Das kleine Mdchen spielt entlang der Kstenlinie und eine Mwe fliegt vorbei.
Eine rot gekleidete Frau warten darauf, von einer Wahrsagerin ihre Zukunft vorhergesagt zu bekommen.
Eine Person in einem gelben Hemd fhrt an einem historisch aussehenden Gebude vorbei.
Zwei Mnner rasieren sich in einem Auenwaschbecken whrend eine Frau zuschaut.
Junge schwarze Mnner spielen in einer Sporthalle Basketball.
Ein Mann geht auf einem Brgersteig aus Ziegelsteinen entlang und schiebt dabei eine Kiste.
Eine belebter Freizeitweg in der Nhe einer Wasserstrae, beherbergt Wanderer und Radfahrer.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem braun-orangen Hemd sitzt an einer Strae.
Ein Mann und eine Frau gucken viele Blle auf dem Boden an.
Eine Frau geht auf einem Brgersteig gegenber eines Discountmarktes mit Nahrung und Kleidung entlang.
Zwei Frauen ziehen Koffer ber einen breiten Brgersteig.
Mnner werfen aus einem groen Mlleimer Tomaten.
Eine Frau telefoniert auf ihrem Handy, whrend Sie Burritos aufhebt.
Jemand der ein schwarzes Hemd und Shorts trgt und ein anderer mit einem grauen Oberteil und einem Jeansrock, fhren Hunde spazieren.
Ein grner Animaniacs Becher steht neben einem Mann der auf seinem Schreibtisch schreibt.
Eine junge Frau die ein schwarz-rot gestreiftes Hemd trgt, steht vor einem Mikrofon, gegenber von einem Gitarristen auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen auf einer Bank mit Blick auf ein Poster von einer Frau.
Ein Kind, dem ein Schuh fehlt, sitzt auf einem roten Kissen.
Dieser junge Asiat ruht sich fr kurze Zeit auerhalb eines Brogebudes aus.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd sitzt auf dem Brgersteig und subert die Schuhe eines anderen Mannes.
Menschen bewerfen sich mit Tomaten.
Eine Frau hat ein grn-weie Jacke ber ihren Kopf geschlungen.
Ein Mdchen kniet vor dem Rand einer Klippe.
Ein nackter Mann sitzt im Park neben seinem Fahrrad und liet eine Zeitung.
Eine Frau schtzt ihren Kopf drauen vor der prallen Sonne.
Zwei kleine Jungen sitzen auf einer Mauer, der jngere liet dem lteren etwas vor.
Identisch aussehende Fabrikarbeiter sind aufmerksam.
Ein blondes Mdchen in einem rosa Pullover trgt ein Baby.
Ein Mann mit braunen Schuhen sitzt gegen eine graue Wand gelehnt.
Zwei groe Hunde spielen zusammen in einem Hof mit einem hohen Zaun.
Ein Mann blst Wasser aus einem Rohr.
Eine Freilichtveranstaltung, bei der ein Typ eine Plane an einem Unterschlupf anbringt.
Es sieht aus als wrde eine Parade stattfinden.
Eine Menge Mnner, die angezogen sind wie japanischen Samurai, machen verschiedenen Posen.
Menschen gehen auf einer Strae an einem regnerischen Tag.
Ein Mann der in einem weien Superheldenkostm mit einem goldenen Stern gekleidet ist, springt in einem ffentlichen Platz in die Luft.
Ein Glasblser stellt ein schnes Kunstwerk in seinem Feuer her.
Ein Junge der ein rotes Hemd und Jeans trgt, steht in der Mitte eines Feldes und wirft ein Spielflugzeug in die Luft.
Ein grnes Tuch hngt vor einer Strae, mit Menschen die im Hintergrund gehen.
Ein Mann in einem grnen T-Shirt trgt einen Korb auf seinem Kopf, whrend er mit einer Gruppe Leute redet.
Ein Fahrradkurier geht durch den Park.
Ein Mann schaut auf sein Handy, whrend zwei andere Mnner Bier in einem Geschft kaufen.
Die Parade der Olympioniken fllt das Stadion.
Ein schwarzer Mann mit nacktem Oberkrper hlt zwei kaukasische blonde Frauen an sich, whrend ein Mdchen seinen Kopf in ihren Hnden hlt.
Paddler machen eine Wasserschlacht.
Eine schne Strae und ein Gehweg neben einem Fluss, der zu einer Brcke fhrt.
Eine Frau geht die Strae im Regen entlang.
Ein junges Mdchen ist im Freien und guckt sich Kleider an.
Der Mann geht durch ein Feld und trgt Heu.
Eine Gruppe Leute, geschminkt wie Clowns, zeigt eine Auffhrung auf der Strae.
Ein verkrppelte Frau treibt Sport.
Ein Asiat steht auf einem Brgersteig aus Ziegelsteinen vor einem roten Roller.
Zwei Menschen mit Schminke verteilen Papiere auf der Strae.
Eine Gruppe Leute mit geschminkten Gesichtern steht im Freien.
Zwei Frauen, die auf einer Bank sitzen, lesen.
Zwei Mnner in karierten Hemden reiten Pferde und versuchen ein Lasso um ein Kalb zu werfen.
Menschen treiben Sport und tragen dabei grne T-Shirts.
Ein weier Mann sitzt auf einem braunen Pferd und schwingt einen Lasso ber seinem Kopf.
Zwei Jungen die grne Hemden tragen, spielen Tischtennis in einem Turnier.
Ein lterer Mann, ein Mann mittleren Alters und ein junger Mann, die jeweils auf einem Pferd sitzen, schauen in verschiedene Richtungen in einem Pferch in der Nhe von einem groen Baum.
Zwei Reiter jagen ein weies Pferd.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einem Superman-Hemd und Kniestrmpfe geht auf einem Brgersteig an einem Backsteingebude vorbei.
Ein junges Mdchen blst die Samen einer Lwenzahnblte.
Eine Frau auf einem braun-weien Pferd versucht ein Kalb mit einem Seil einzufangen.
Ein Mann mit einem Cowboyhut reitet auf einem braunen Pferd.
Ein Mann leitet eine Herde von Khen einen Weg entlang, whrend er auf einem Pferd reitet.
Ein Cowboy, der ein braunes Hemd mit der Aufschrift US-Armee trgt, hlt eine Pferdeleine.
Zwei Mnner auf Pferden reiten und unterhalten sich, whrend andere Mnner um sie herum auch reiten.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt auf einem Spielplatz.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann sitzen in einem Zimmer mit zwei Instrumenten.
Ein Mann der mit einem Ball auf der Strae spielt, rennt.
Ein Mann auf einem Pferd, in einem Pferch, jagt einen Ochsen.
Ein Paar wartet in der Nhe ihrer Taschen, whrend Leute vorbei gehen.
Eine Frau in einem rosafarbenen, rmellosen Hemd reitet ein Pferd bei einem Rodeo.
Zwei Reiter jagen eine Kuh um das Grundstck.
Eine Frau mit einem Bikinioberteil und einer Ttowierung auf dem Rcken, schaut nach links.
Eine Frau die auf einem Pferd reitet, schlgt eine Kuh.
Eine Person, die auf einem Pferd reitet, versucht ein Kalb, das vor ihnen wegrennt, mit einem Seil einzufangen.
Zwei Kerle, ein Kerl reitet ein weies Pferd.
Zwei Frauen gehen zu Fu einen Brgersteig in der Stadt entlang, eine trgt ein schwarzes Hemd mit roter Hose und die andere ein blaues Sweatshirt mit Jeans.
Eine Frau wirft bei einem Rodeo ein Seil um ein Kalb.
Ein Mann in einem orange-wei gestreiften Hemd, sitzt auf einem Boot und unterhlt sich an einem Telefon.
Ein sehr ruhiger, friedlicher See mit einem Berg im Hintergrund und einem Mann, der angelt.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Hemd steht an einem langen Tisch und blickt auf verschiedene Arten von Blumenschmuck auf dem Tisch.
Eine Gruppe schaut sich Sachen, die zu verkaufen sind, an.
Eine Menge chaotischer Mnner mit freiem Oberkrper spielt ein Spiel.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau, die einen roten Rock und weies Oberteil trgt, benutzt ein Mnztelefon.
Drei Kinder in regenbogenfarbigem Outfit spielen auf dem Rasen unter einem bunten Sonnenschirm.
Ein Paar geht die Strae herunter.
Eine Braut redet mit Mnnern auf ihrer Hochzeit.
Ein kleiner Hund trgt einen Jeansminirock.
Ein junges Mdchen trgt ein kleines Kind, das einen blauen Overall trgt.
Ein Mann fhrt heimlich eine Rikscha durch eine verlassene Strae.
Ein Mdchen in einem orangen Kleid fhrt ein Fahrrad auf einer ansonsten leeren Strae.
Eine Gruppe von Motorradfahrern fhrt die Strae herunter.
Ein lterer Asiat sitzt auf einer Steintreppen, in einer Umgebung, die aussieht wie eine Geschftsumgebung in der Innenstadt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Sweatshirt fhrt drei kleine Hunde spazieren.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd schaut in die Kamera; verschiedene Textilien sind hngend im Hintergrund zu sehen.
Eine Frau auf einem Roller wird an einer Stadtkreuzung gestoppt.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper geht hinter einem kastanienbraunen Lastwagen von Ford her.
Ein Mann mit Lei um den Hals hlt ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd geht ber eine Brcke.
Autos parken an einem Nachbarschaftsladen.
Viele Leute sitzen an einem Tisch mit grnen Sonnenschirmen.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper geht hinter einem Lastwagen her.
Eine ltere Frau die einen Warenkorb mit Kisten gefllt schiebt, geht an einem Theater-Schild vorbei das South Pacific liet.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse mit einem gelben Stirnband sitzt bei einem Kaffee.
Drei Menschen einschlielich eines langhaarigen Mdchens mit ihrem ausgestreckten Arm und ihrer Handflche nach oben.
Eine Person steht auerhalb eines alten Gebudes mit Kopfhrern auf.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut hlt ein Handy vor sein Gesicht.
Ein Kind spielt in einem Wiggles-Auto, whrend ein Mann zuschaut.
Ein lterer Mann schaut eine Frau in einem gelben T-Shirt an, whrend sie auf Bnken vor einer Putz-und Steinmauer sitzen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd ist an einem Telefon.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille geht an einem Backsteingebude in der Stadt vorbei, whrend sie an ihrem Handy ist.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Hemd schaut in ihre Kamera.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Lederjacke wendet dem Mlleimer den Rcken zu.
Mnner in weien Anzgen stehen in der Strae und entlang der Straenseite.
Zwei Personen, eine mit einem roten Hemd, sitzen am Wasser mit blicken auf einige Boote.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen neben zwei roten Fahrrdern.
Ein lterer Mann steht mit seinem Schutzhelm in der Hand und starrt auf etwas.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt durch eine kleine Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann, mit einem Hund, hlt eine Leine und eine kleine Tasche.
Dieses Foto ist in einem anderen Land, vielleicht Japan?
Ein Mann spielt unter einer Treppe ein Instrument , im Hintergrund ist ein rotes Auto.
Das Paar entspannt sich auf den Stufen whrend Sie durch den Reisefhrer gucken.
Ein Mann und ein paar Frauen beladen ein gelbes Fahrzeug mit Materialien um diese zu einem Ziel zu bringen.
Eine Frau redet mit einem Mann.
Ein Mann und zwei Frauen untersttzen einen Straenverkufer.
Leute sitzen drauen in einem Park auf einem Felsen.
Zwei Frauen unterhalten sich auf einer Strae.
Eine junge Frau macht eine Pause auf einer groen Umzunungsmauer.
Zwei Teenager laufen um die Wette - der mit den langen Haaren gewinnt.
Ein Mann in einem langrmeligen Hemd rennt.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem weien Hemd luft auf einer Laufstrecke und hlt einen Marker in der Hand.
Mehrere Leute stehen an einer Bushaltestelle.
Eine belebte Stadtszene mit vielen verschiedenen Fahrzeugen, die entweder abgestellt sind oder auf der Autobahn fahren.
Ein Kind in einem grnen Hemd fhrt Fahrrad.
Zwei Hunde jagen einander auf dem Gras.
Ein Mann trgt einen sehr seltsamen Hut.
Eine Actionaufnahme von einem grn gekleideten Kind, das in mehreren Schritten einen Skateboardtrick vorfhrt.
Ein grnes Motorrad ist neben einer Tr abgestellt.
Eine Frau mit schwarzen Haaren, die ein rmelloses Kleid trgt, steht neben einem Auto.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einem dnnen Kanu.
Die Dame mit einer dunkel getnten Sonnenbrille ist in einem Gesprch mit ihren Freunden.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd und roten Shorts steht auf dem Brgersteig.
Viele rosa und lila Ballons sind in einem Auenbereich gequetscht, als eine Frau mit einem Schirm vorbei geht.
Eine Menschenmenge an einer Straenecke, drei Jungen mit ihren Hemden in die Hose gesteckt.
Menschen sind in einem Gebiet, das durch Beleuchtung erhellt wird.
Menschen gehen in der Nacht eine Strae entlang.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau spazieren durch die Stadtstrae vorbei an Schaufenstern.
Dies ist ein Mann der neben seinem Auto Schnee schippt.
Ein junges Paar geht an einer Wand die mit Graffiti bemalt ist, und einem hellblauen alten Auto vorbei.
Ein junger Mann mit einer Retro-Frisur wartet neben einem Auto.
Eine grau-brauner Hund springt von einem Kai in einen See.
Ein Mann macht auf einem kleinen Kai ein Foto von einer Frau mit einem Hut in orientalischem Stil.
Ein Junge mit einem weien aufgerollten T-Shirt, zeigt seinen Bauch und lchelt.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut auf, sitzt auf einem Stuhl.
Ein Paar macht auf der anderen Straenseite des Arc de Triomphe ein Bild von sich.
Eine Stadt in der Nacht mit Menschen die herumlaufen.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack geht auf einer Strae entlang, rote Information steht im Hintergrund.
Ein Paar geht in der Nacht durch eine Fugngerzone spazieren.
Mehrere Gste, die auerhalb eines kleinen franzsischen Restaurants sitzen, werden in gelbes Licht getaucht.
Eine Frau auf einem ffentlichen Markt schneidet ein Huhn in kleine Stcke.
Ein Mann guckt sich Sachen, die zu verkaufen sind, auf der Strae an.
Eine Gruppe Leute kommt in einem Einkaufszentrum zusammen.
Eine Frau in einem Badeanzug sitzt auf einem Kai ber einem Gewsser.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht auf Stufen vor einem Gebude.
Eine Menschenmenge warten am oberen Ende einer Treppe auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Eine Frau in einem Batman-Hemd geht die Promenade entlang.
Eine Menschenmenge verfolgt konzentriert eine Frau mit langen blonden Haaren und einem schwarzen Hemd.
Mehrere Menschen kaufen Lebensmitteln in einem asiatischen Lebensmittelmarkt ein.
Motorradrennen auf einer Strecke mit einem gelben Gelndemotorrad und einem grnen Kawasaki Reklameschild.
Ein Mann mit einem groen Schnurrbart und lila Hut.
Eine Frau geht eine Stufe von vielen Stufen hinauf, auf ihrer linken Seite ist Wasser.
Ein Mdchen hlt eine Kamera und macht eine Geste mit der Hand.
Zwei Personen knnen in der Ferne in einer Gasse zwischen zwei groen Gebuden gesehen werden.
Eine Dame mit weiem Hemd und einer grnen Tasche posiert fr die Kamera.
Eine ltere Frau in rosa gekleidet geht spazieren und umklammert eine Zeitschrift in ihrer Hand.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Kleid posiert vor einer Kamera.
Ein lteres Ehepaar, das in Renaissance-Festival Kleidung angezogen ist, posiert mit einem Motorroller.
Der Mann denkt ber seine Situation bei einem Spaziergang durch den Garten nach.
Eine Menge von Leuten kommt sich oben vor einer Rolltreppe quer.
Ein Snowboarder mit einem bunt dekorierten Bord ist in der Luft.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper sitzt auf einem Stuhl an einem Flussufer und telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein Knabenchor reagiert auf Schsse die whrend einer Zeremonie abgefeuert werden.
Ein Asiat in kurzen Shorts und Knieschtzern joggt die Strae hinunter.
Ein Motorradfahrer macht eine scharfe Kurve.
Ein Mann in einem Hut mit einer Kamera und eine Dame die ein Schild hlt.
Ein Mann in einem Gefngnis-Overall lsst ein Foto von sich machen.
Ein lterer Mann in einem weien Hemd und einer schwarze Krawatte mit einer schwarzen Baskenmtze, geht die Strae hinunter.
Zwei Frauen, die auf dem Brgersteig gehen, teilen sich einen Regenschirm.
Zwei Jungen auf einem Skateboard stehen vor einer Statue eines Soldaten auf einem Pferd.
Ein Snowboarder springt in einem Wettkampf.
Ein Biker mit langen blonden Haaren isst ein Eis.
Eine blau angezogene Frau unterhlt sich mit einem Obstverkufer auf der Strae.
Eine Gruppe Snowboarder fliegt ber eine Hgelkuppe.
Zwei Frauen, eine die rosa und eine die orange trgt, arbeiten in der Kche.
Ein junges Paar geht Hand in Hand in einer Stadtstrae entlang.
Ein Mann und eine Frau genieen die Aussicht auf die Stadt.
Eine junge Frau mit Scrabble-Schuhen und einer wei umrandeten Sonnenbrille spricht und lchelt am Handy, whrend sie Pckchen ffnet.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd raucht, whrend er eine Anweisung erteilt.
Ein kleiner Junge, der in einem mit Lebensmitteln gefllten Einkaufswagen sitzt, isst einen kleinen Kuchen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd befindet sich unter einem Feuerball.
Das Mdchen mit der rosafarbenen Sportkleidung macht einen Salto.
Leute benutzen den Zebrastreifen in einer Grostadtstrae.
Ein kleines Mdchen kickt einen Ball vor einem Fuballnetz.
Die Frau guckt sich sehr genau die Schuhe an, die sie mag.
Ein junger Mann und eine Dame gehen auf dem Brgersteig neben einem weien Gebude.
Ein Mann sitzt alleine an einem Picknicktisch vor einem gelben LKW und isst sein Mittagessen.
Eine Familie, die Tochter in der Mitte, geht in einer Strae entlang.
Ein Mann und sein Sohn gehen an einer Videothek fr Erwachsene vorbei.
Ein lterer Mann mit grauem Haar steht auerhalb eines Ladens.
Ein Kind in einem roten T-Shirt sitzt auf den Schultern seines Vaters.
Eine junge blonde Frau geht durch eine Strae mit einer schwarzen Handtasche.
Ein junges Mdchen hlt einen Baseballschlger ber ihren Schultern.
Ein molliger Mann fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad die Strae hinunter.
Mnner und Frauen in einer Militrparade.
Eine Gruppe Leute in orangen Kostmen steht um groe Pakete herum.
Ein Junge sitzt auf dem Rasen in der Nhe von einer geometrischen Skulptur.
Eine Person am Handy, steht an einem Fenster in einem Zimmer mit hoher Decke und schwarz,rot und weien Fliesen.
Leute stehen auf einer Platte an der Auenseite eines Gebudes.
Ein Jugendlicher entwickelt seine Skateboardtechnik vor einem schnen, kunstvollen Gebude.
Zwei Leute kssen sich auf der Strae einer gut beleuchteten Stadt.
Eine Frau die auf dem Brgerstein sitzt, erhlt ein Armband von einer anderen Frau.
Diese Dame trgt ein rosa T-Shirt und stimmt ihre Gitarre.
Eine groe Gruppe Radfahrer fhrt auf einer Stadtstrae.
Sieben Feuerwehrleute schauen an einem Gebude hoch.
Ein Polizist sperrt einen Bereich ab whrend Schaulustige dies beobachten.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Mann mit Brille liest die Karte auf der Seeseite eines Restaurants.
Ein Man mit einer Waffe, liegt an einer Wand.
Ein Mnch in einer hautfarbenen Tunika steht auf einem Markt.
Ein alter Mann mit Stock steht drauen.
Sechs Leute, die in einem Restaurant am Fenster sitzen, wollen Essen bestellen.
Eine mnnliche Figur steht und guckt ber ein Gewsser.
Ein Mann trgt einen karierten Hut, eine Uhr, Jeans, vielfltige Accessoires und ein Hemd mit einem weien Kreis, in dem die Nummer vier in der Mitte steht.
Eine Gruppe Leute schaut sich von einer Aussichtsterrasse die Sicht an.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich whrend Sie ber das Gelnde eines Flusses hinweg gucken.
Ein Mann macht eine Pause bei seiner Wanderung.
Ein Mann geht auf einem Brgersteig vor einem Gebude.
Eine junge blonde Dame raucht eine Zigarette whrend Sie geht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die beide einen Helm tragen, kssen sich in der Strae.
Ein altes Paar geht Hndchen haltend die Strae entlang.
Ein Mdchen in einer rosa Jacke rutscht kopfber die Rutsche hinunter.
Ein Mann in Jeans und Sandalen malt Zeichnungen auf eine Wand.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und blauen Overalls geht die Strae hinunter.
Ein lterer Mann geht an Gebuden vorbei, die mit Graffiti besprht sind.
Eine wunderschne Aufnahme von einer Stadt mit einem Brunnen und einer Dame, die auf Stufen sitzt.
Ein Mann sitzt an Bord eines Schiffes und liest eine Zeitung.
Ein Kerl, der eine Brille und einen roten Hut trgt, grillt.
Dies ist ein kleiner Junge an einem Strand der einen Stock hlt.
Ein junges Mdchen fhrt ein rosa Cadillac Spielzeugauto.
Viele Leute beobachten einen Mann in Gelb, der Tierballons macht.
Eine dreikpfige Familie entspannt zur Mittagszeit.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Motorrad am Brgersteig.
Ein Chinesischer Mann schiebt einen leeren Rollstuhl durch eine belebte chinesische Strae.
Ein Mdchen mit rosa Zehnngeln liegt in einem Badeanzug auf einem heien rosa Handtuch.
Eine Frau mit blauem Biknioberteil geht spazieren.
Ein Mdchen beobachtet Sportler vor einer mit Graffiti bedeckten Wand.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf dem Bordstein vor einem Nachbarschaftsladen.
Zwei Mnner sitzen drauen auf einer Stufe.
Eine Braut und ihr Ehemann werden nach ihrer Hochzeit auerhalb eines Gebudes gesehen.
Ein Paar in Geschftskleidung sitzt in einem Eckcaf und speist im Freien.
Eine Familie hat ein Picknick im Wintergarten mit Liegesthlen.
Man sieht einen alten Mann mit weiem T-Shirt und Hut.
Ein Mann schnappt nach Hilfe als er auf einem Gerst klettert.
Verkufer bieten Essen auf der Strae an.
Eine Frau, die einen weien Hut und ein rot-wei gestreiftes Hemd trgt, sitzt auf einer Mauer.
Eine Asiatin, die ein weies Hemd trgt, sitzt in einem blauen Stuhl.
Eine Person malt ein Wandbild auf die Seite eines Gebudes und Leute stehen herum und schauen zu.
Eine Menschenmenge wartet darauf mit einigen Leuten in einem Innenraum zu interagieren.
Eine von Armut heimgesuchte Gegend mit einer Dame in Schwarz, die weien Kopfschmuck trgt, in der Ferne.
Zwei Mnner stehen auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Drei Polizisten stehen um einen jemanden herum, der ein graues Sweatshirt mit Streifen trgt.
Ein Mann mit Hut lehnt gegen eine Pfosten und liest eine Zeitung.
Eine Frau liegt auf dem Scho eines sitzenden Mannes und sie kssen sich.
Vier Leute in Fallschirmausrstung, die hoch ber der Erde in einem Flugzeug sitzen.
Zwei Frauen tragen Bikinioberteile und sehr kurze Shorts, whrend Sie auf der Strae spazieren gehen.
Drauen ist es dunkel und zwei Frauen stehen herum.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht zu Fu, in entspannter Reihe, ber einen mit Backsteinen gepflasterten Hof.
Ein Mdchen mit Rollkragenpullover und ein Kerl mit groer buschiger Frisur warten darauf die Strae zu berqueren.
Ein junger Mann in einem gestreiften Kapuzenpullover sieht sich eine knstlerische Levis Anzeige an, die sagt: Wir sind alle Arbeitnehmer.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen steht auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Eine Frau sitzt in einer Ecke und isst ein Sandwich.
Leute in traditionell militrischer Kleidung und zwei Leute, die irgendwo in Sdostasien Elefanten reiten.
Zwei Mnner schreiten Seite an Seite auf dem Brgersteig entlang einer roten Wand.
Schulkinder, die in gelb gekleidet sind.
Eine Frau in Schwarz, von hinten gesehen, sitzt neben einem Gewsser.
Eine blonde Frau sitzt mit berkreuzten Beinen gekreuzt und geschlossen Augen.
Ein Mann mit schwarze Hose und Hut schlft auf einer Bank vor einem historischen Gebude.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern steht auf einem U-Boot.
Eine Gruppe Leute, die gut gekleidet ist, entspannt zusammen auf grnem Gras.
Ein kleiner Junge mit grnem und rotem Outfit und Sandalen, hockt auf einem Brgersteig.
Zwei Mnner, die rote Hosen anhaben und eine senkrechte Leiter festhalten, sehen so aus als wrden sie Akrobatik auerhalb eines Gebudes machen.
Eine junge Dame sitzt in der Nhe von Husern mit Solaranlagen.
Ein blondes Mdchen mit einem blauen Mantel setzt den Helm auf um ihr Fahrrad zu fahren.
Auf einem Wandbild mit einem Auge und einer Hand steht: Stoppt die Gewalt, wir halten ein sicheres N.Y. im Herzen.
Eine gebrunte Frau fhrt in einem weien Bikini ein Fahrrad.
Ein Touristen-Boot auf einem Fluss bei einem geflschten alten Gebude.
Eine Frau sitzt in einem Laden auf einem Moped.
Drei Leute stehen auf einer Feuerleiter.
Zwei Menschen in Sportkleidung gehen zu Fu die Strae entlang, whrend der grere der beiden einen Basketball hlt.
Zwei junge Mnner sind in einem Gesprch vor einem Penn State Basketball-Tisch.
Ein Mann mit Bart beugt sich ber ein Auto whrend er in die Kamera guckt und an einem Auto arbeitet.
Eine Frau mit roten Haaren guckt nach links.
Ein Mann in blauem Pullover und schwarzer Hose verlsst ein Lebensmittel- und Zeitungsgeschft.
Eine Mutter schiebt einen Kinderwagen und hlt die Hand eines Kleinkindes.
Ein brauner Hund mit offenem Mund steht inmitten von Grnanlagen.
Eine Gruppe Leute entspannt sich an irgendwelchen Tischen.
Ein Mann mit einer Baseballmtze und Sonnenbrille steht in einem Sigkeiten-Kiosk.
Fnf Leute stehen unter einem asiatischen Torbogen.
Eine Gruppe Leute kommt zusammen und fotografiert in einer Innenstadt ffentlichen Grund.
2 Chinesen tragen traditionelle Kleidung.
Drei Mnner in Schutzhelmen, ein Paar, und ein Kind blicken auf etwas herab.
Ein Mann sitzt am Strand neben einer Stange.
Ein Leadsnger einer Band hlt ein Papier und einen Mikrofonstnder, whrend seine Band hinter ihm spielt.
Eine Frau in kurzer Hose und Stckelschuhen hrt etwas auf ihrem Telefon.
Mehrere Leute singen in ein Mikrofon und trinken.
Ein Freerunner springt ber eine Schiene.
Ein Mann, der eine blaue Jacke trgt, sitzt im Regen unter einem grnen Regenschirm.
Eine lange Stadtstrae von groen Gebuden umgeben.
Eine Sicht von Oben, die auf Leute runterguckt, die unten auf der Strae gehen.
Eine Frau mit rotem T-Shirt benutzt einen Hula Hoop Reifen.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper steht neben einem Mllcontainer.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt mit Requisiten.
Ein junger Eishockeyspieler spielt in der Eishalle.
Eine Frau untersucht eine Probe durch das Okular eines Mikroskops.
Ein Paar geht Arm in Arm durch einen langen Gang der von Steinsulen gesttzt wird.
Ein Kind in einem Ritterkostm lsst ein Foto von sich machen.
Zwei Menschen umarmen sich vor einem Gebude mit dem Logo Monk Kok.
Eine Welle will gerade einen Surfer vom Brett reien.
Ein Mann mit einer Basketballmtze steht auf einem Fugngerberweg mit einer Flagge in einer berfllten Stadt.
Eine Frau tritt gerade auf einer Bhne mit einem Mikrofon auf.
Ein Mann geht vor einem weien Lieferwagen die Strae entlang.
Zwei gegnerische Fuballer spielen auf einem Feld.
Eine Person fliegt einen Hngegleiter ber eine Stadt.
Leute filmen eine Dame, die einen Bericht erstattet.
Ein Mann in einem Kanu wirft ein Fischernetz in das Wasser.
4 Personen scheinen verschiedene Objekte aus einem Gebude zu nehmen.
Mnner und Frauen gehen auf einem Brgerstein neben einem Garten.
Ein Junge steht in einem Oberhemd und Shorts herum
Ein Mdchen macht ein Foto auf einem schnen Rasen, whrend andere sich neben ihr faulenzen.
Drei junge Mnner stehen vor einem lteren Mann mit einer Pfeife.
Eine ltere Frau in blau und rot, berquert die Strae auf einem Zebrastreifen.
Ein Pfeil zeigt auf einen Mann mit einem weien Hut, der gerade zu Fu unterwegs ist.
Eine Frau geht mit ihrem Fahrrad hinter zwei Leuten, die Sonnenschirme tragen her.
Ein glatzkpfiger Mann spaziert neben Sulen auf einem Brgersteig entlang.
Drei Leute gehen eine geschftige Strae, die durch Zeichen beleuchtet ist, in der Nacht herunter.
Drei junge Kinder sitzen bei einem wunderschnen Ausblick.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen stehen auf einer Klippe und nehmen die Landschaft auf.
Eine Person in einem grnen Kapuzenpulli, guckt sich die Aussicht an
Eine groe Gruppe von kleinen Kindern ist aufgereiht, whrend mehrere Erwachsene nach ihnen schauen.
Eine Person sitzt vor einer mit Graffiti bedeckten Wand.
Eine Gruppe von kleinen Schuljungen in Uniform macht eine Pause vor einer groen Affen-Statue neben dem Ozean.
Die Menschen berqueren die Strae zu einem Restaurant.
Zwei schwarz und weie Hunde auf einem Sandstrand, die sich um einen langen Stock streiten.
Zwei kleine Jungen reparieren ein kleines Fahrrad.
Ein Jockey reitet ein braunes Pferd auf einem Brgersteig neben einer Wasserflche.
In einer Bushaltestelle stehen viele Leute mit interessanten Objekten.
Gruppen von Leuten sind zu Fu auf einer schmalen Strae unterwegs, eine Frau mit schwarzem T-Shirt hlt einen Regenschirm.
Ein Mann der ein T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift Hippie Killer trgt, lchelt seine Freundin an, die ein T-Shirt mit der Aufschrift Return of the Living Dead trgt.
Ein paar Leute spazieren im Hafengebiet entlang.
Dieser Mann streckt seinen Schal und jubelt.
Ein junger Mann geht durch eine Pftze, whrend ein blaues Dreirad in der gleichen Pftze geparkt ist.
Ein Mann steht in der Nhe einer Stock-Struktur.
Diese kleinen Mdchen tragen chinesische Geisha Outfits und Make-up und halten rote Sonnenschirme.
Ein kleiner Junge mit nacktem Oberkrper schirmt sich spielerisch mit einem Regenschirm vor dem Sprhwasser eines Lschfahrzeugs ab.
Ein Mann in Sportbekleidung bckt sich um seine Schuhe zu binden.
Eine Gruppe Leute steht auf dem Dach eines Strandhauses.
Eine Frau in einem roten T-Shirt macht bungen in einem offenen Innenhof, whrend ein Mann mit einem weien Hemd und weier Hose zuschaut.
3 Personen fahren Motorrad auf der Strae.
Ein Mann, der eine Maske mit grnen Rasterlocken sowie blaue Handschuhe trgt, steht vor einer Frau in einer braunen Strickjacke.
Drei Cowboys auf Pferden arbeiten zusammen um ein Seil um ein Kalb zu werfen.
Die groe weie Kuh ist mit einem roten Wollknuel dekoriert.
Ein Teenager in einem roten Hemd fhrt Fahrrad.
Eine Frau mit groen Leopardenmuster Ohrringen macht ein Video.
Eine Frau posiert mit einem Minstrel auf einem Marktplatz.
Ein Kind jagt ein anderes Kind das einen Fuball hlt.
Eine Frau in einem roten Hemd und Hut raucht unter einem religisen Themen-Plakat.
Zwei Hunde streiten sich um ein Stck schwarzes Material.
Viele Menschen protestieren whrend Sie die Strae entlang gehen.
Ein kleiner Junge in grner Hose steht allein auf einer Strae.
Eine Frau sitzt am Wasser in der Nhe von zwei Studenten.
Eine Dame mit blauen Haaren sitzt vor einer blauen Wand und spielt Gitarre.
Eine Frau in einem gestreiften T-Shirt zeigt auf etwas mit ihrem blauen Regenschirm.
Eine Stadtstrae, in der eine Frau mit einem braunen Beutel und weier Kleidung an einem Ausstellungsraum vorbei geht.
Eine Karikatur Knstler sitzt unter einem rot-wei gestreiften Sonnenschirm.
Eine junger blonder Junge, der eine Nummer vorne auf seinem T-Shirt trgt, lehnt auf einem Gelnder.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Motorrad an einer Straenlaterne.
Eine Gruppe von drei Asiaten steht in der Mitte einer groen Stadt und diskutiert.
Ein aufgeregtes Kind luft in einem Rennen.
Ein Brgersteig in der Stadt mit Postern an den Wnden, mehrere Leute gehen darber mit Gebuden im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd wirft eine Orange Bowling-Kugel.
Ein Mann neigt sich auf einem Bein auf einer Bowlingbahn nach vorne, direkt nachdem er die Bowlingkugel geworfen hat.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Hemd sitzt auf einer Bank.
Ein Paar geht die Treppe zu einer Brcke in einem Innenstadtteil der Stadt herauf.
Eine Frau mit braunen Haaren sitzt auf der Ecke einer Srae und liest.
Vier Leute sitzen im Freien an einem weien, quadratischen Tisch, whrend ein Mann in einem rosa gestreiften Hemd mit ihnen spricht.
Ein junger Mann mit Brille guckt frustriert in einen Waschsalon.
Ein Mdchen wartet die Strae zu berqueren, whrend sie ein Baby in einem Kinderwagen beruhigt.
Eine Frau geht an einem Schaufensterspiegel auf dem Brgersteig vorbei.
Ein Kind und ein Erwachsener sind zu Fu auf einem Brgersteig unterwegs.
Zwei Menschen sitzen vor einem Computer, whrend Sie Sonnenbrillen tragen.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Waveboard das an einen Fallschirm angebracht ist.
Ein junger Mann mit einem schwarzen T-Shirt und einem grnen Hut steht herum.
Zwei Frauen in Badeanzgen, die in der Nhe einer Bank sind, starren hoch auf einen riesigen weien Ballon.
Vier Mnner gehen in ihrer orangefarbenen Kleidung die Strae entlang.
Ein junger Mann macht Skysurfen auf einem Brett, auf den ein orangeflammender Totenschdel gemalt ist.
Ein Mann paragleitet auf einem Gewsser.
Eine Frau mit dunklem Oberteil, dunkler Sonnenbrille und Keilabstzen geht die Strae entlang whrend Sie eine Grimasse schneidet.
Ein Mann der einen Marathon rennt unterhlt sich mit seinem Freund.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt sitzt auf der Motorhaube eines Autos.
Eine Frau kniet auf dem Boden und macht ein Foto.
Eine alte Frau benutzt eine Gehhilfe auf dem Brgersteig.
Die ltere Dame im weien Rock trgt rosa Schuhe.
Eine Menschenmenge kommt die Treppen von dem Gerichtsgebude hinunter.
Ein kleiner Junge schlft auf dem Scho seines Vaters auf einer grnen Wiese ein.
Eine blonde Frau mit einer 40er Jahre Frisur und Leopardenmuster Hemd.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in formeller Kleidung berqueren die Strae.
Demonstranten sind im Hintergrund dieses Fotos whrend eine Magazin-Anzeige im Vordergrund ist.
Massen von Menschen gehen die Strae hinunter, einige, die mit Regenschirmen Vorweg gehen.
Ein Mdchen in einem Kleid geht die Strae hinunter und diese Strae ist voller Bume.
Ein Parkplatz in der Stadt mit Menschen, die ber den Platz gehen.
Ein lterer asiatischer Mann in einem gelben Hemd mit Knpfen guckt in die Kamera.
Ein schwarzer Mann jongliert einen Basketball, eine Bowling-Kugel und einen Tennisschlger.
Ein Arbeiter trgt eine Maske auf dem Gesicht um sich von den wrzigen Chilidmpfen zu schtzen.
Eine Frau hlt den Rock ihres Kleides hoch.
Zwei Obdachlose und ein Hund sitzen auf dem Boden und einer hlt ein Pech-Plakat hoch.
Menschen drngeln sich auf einer stdtischen Strae.
Ein alter Mann schlft auf dem Gras am Fue eines groen Baumes.
Zwei Arbeiter mit Hten stehen auf einem Feld.
Ein asiatisches Paar mit zwei Kindern begutachtet das Obst und Gemse an einem Verkaufstand.
Ein Mann in dunkler Kleidung sitzt auf einer Bank vor einem LKW.
Zwei Mnner in weien Gewndern und roten Umhngen fahren Fahrrad beim Transport von Personal gekrnt mit Schdeln.
Ein paar Leute stehen in der Nhe von weien Sulen vor einer gelben Wand.
Zwei Mnner malen ein modernes Wandbild auf eine Wand an einem geneigten Gehweg.
Ein Mann mit Ttowierungen, der auf einem Brgersteig mit seinem Skateboard geht, zeigt die Daumen gen Himmel.
Frauen in roten und schwarzen Kleidern gehen zu Fu in einem Kreis vor einem Laden whrend ihnen eine kleine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Ein Mann in einem gelben T-Shirt hlt einen groen Camcorder.
Mehrere indische Frauen in bunter Kleidung arbeiten.
Eine Gruppe Leute hlt ein Gesprch auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Einige Menschen sind vor einem Gebude versammelt, an dem Plakate an den Wnden aufgereiht sind.
Ein Mann mit Locken spielt Gitarre bei einer Zeremonie, whrend Leute ihm zuschauen.
Ein Cola-Lastwagen fhrt an einem blauen LKW vorbei, der auf der Seite der Strae geparkt ist.
Eine Frau, die Lebensmittel trgt, geht an einer Graffiti-Mauer vorbei.
Ein Mdchen in schwarzer Kleidung mit einer Handtasche auf ihrem Arm lchelt einen Mann an, der in einem Raum mit vielen Desserts auf einem Tisch steht.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und schwarzen Shorts geht an alten Gebuden vorbei.
Ein Mann mit einem weien T-Shirt und eine Frau mit einem orangefarbenen Oberteil sitzen zusammen am Strand.
Ein Mann whlt eine Tomate auf einem Markt aus.
Ein Mann ist mitten in der Luft, whrend er einen Trick auf seinem Fahrrad vollfhrt, mit einem bewlkten blauen Himmel im Hintergrund.
Ein blau angezogener Mann macht seinen Weg durch eine Menschenmenge whrend eines Rennens.
Ein rot angezogener Mann sitzt in der Luft auf einem Podest.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einem Felsen und blickt ber den See.
Ein Mann, der gerade in seine Hosentasche greift, ist auf dem Brgersteig unterwegs zu seinem Ziel.
Ein Cowboy wird beim Rodeo von einem strubenden Pferd abgeworfen.
Lchelnde Kinder mit albernen blauen Hten auf dem Kopf.
Eine Gruppe Frauen in lila gekleidet, versammelt sich in der Nhe von einem Lastwagen.
Das Mdchen trgt ein lila Outfit und schaukelt kopfber.
Ein Mann fllt seinen Autotank auf, whrend er mit seinem Handy beschftigt ist.
Drei Hunde spielen zusammen auf dem grnen Rasen.
Drei laufende Mnner, die an einem Marathon teilnehmen.
Eine Frau in einem grnen T-Shirt luft ein Rennen und schaut auf ihre Uhr.
Menschen gehen eine Strae mit vielen Kneipen hinunter, von Reklametafeln umgeben.
Ein Mann geht auf einem gepflasterten Weg entlang, der direkt neben einer groen blauen Wand ist.
Kunden warten darauf ihr Essen zu bekommen.
Ein Mann in kurzer Hose und schwarzen Schuhen fhrt vor einem Publikum auf.
Eine Gruppe Leute betrachtet Sandskulpturen.
Jemand liegt drauen auf einem groen gebrunten Sofa neben einer Parkuhr.
Ein Mann unterhlt sich privat auf seinem Handy.
Eine Frau in einem Hemd mit Blmchen hlt ein braunes Men.
Kalifornien rennt zurck und nimmt eine bergabe.
Eine Schneiderin arbeitet in ihrem abgedunkelten Studio daran, ihre Modellschaufensterpuppen anzuziehen.
Eine Frau mit bunten Schal grinst frhlich inmitten von Menschen.
Ein braunhaarige Frau trgt ein rotes Hemd, einen blauen Rucksack und eine Sonnenbrille auf dem Kopf.
Eine brnette Frau in einem weien Hemd steht vor einem Schalter.
Ein asiatischer Mann bereitet seine Produkte an seinem Verkaufstand fr den tglichen Markt vor.
Eine Frau mit ausdnnendem Haar arbeitet in einem Fleischverarbeitungsbetrieb.
Eine Person schlgt den Ball in einem Cricket-Spiel.
Zwei Mdchen gehen unter einem lila Regenschirm spazieren.
Eine Frau mit einem groen Geldbeutel ruht ihren Fu gegen eine Wand aus.
Ein Mann bemalt eine leuchtend orange und gelbe Wand.
Zwei mnnliche Athleten in schwarzen T-Shirts rennen die Strae entlang.
Eine junge Frau in einem grauen T-Shirt hlt eine Halskette, die sie trgt.
Menschen in formeller Kleidung bereiten sich auf eine Veranstaltung vor.
Einige Leute nehmen an einem Straenrennen teil.
Ein schwarzer Hund und ein weier Hund spielen miteinander und einem grnen Ball.
Ein kleines Kind ist in einem weien Gewand gekleidet.
Jemand der sich nicht um die Erde kmmert war hier.
Eine ltere Frau in einem Kleid steht in der Nhe von Bschen.
Eine Person sitzt in einem Park, ein kleines Instrument spielend.
Eine Menschenmenge geht zu Fu durch eine Art von Gang.
Ein junger Mann steht mit verschrnkten Armen im Freien vor elektronischen Gerten, whrend ein anderer Mann im Hintergrund Kopfhrer trgt.
Viele Menschen gehen durch eine belebte Strae.
Eine Dame schiebt einen Kinderwagen, whrend ein Mann mit einem blauen Labor Day 2010 T-Shirt ein Kind auf seinen Schultern trgt und spazieren geht.
Ein Clown verteilt amerikanische Flaggen und unterhlt einige Kinder.
Ein junger, blonder Junge fhrt ein rot, wei, blau und gelb lackiertes Fahrrad mit amerikanischen Flaggen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Ruckscken sind drauen.
Menschen besteigen einen Zug mit blauen, weien und goldenen Farben.
Zwei dunkelhaarige junge Frauen die T-Shirts anhaben, laufen in einem Rennen.
Ein schwarzer Hund wird von zwei braunen Hunden am Strand gejagt.
Eine Frau ist im Gesprch mit einer Person die als Freiheitsstatue gekleidet ist.
Ein Kind sitzt auf einem Motorrad, aus dem hinten eine amerikanische Flagge herausragt.
Eine nachgemachte Freiheitsstatue steht zwischen einer Menge von Leuten.
Eine Frau in einem roten T-Shirt winkt hinter einer anderen Frau mit schwarzen Haaren.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl in einer Gasse.
Ein Mann beim Schaufensterbummel nach neuen Schuhen vor einem Sportgeschft in der winkligen Stadt.
Ein Mann neben einem Pferd sitzt auf einem Stuhl und verkauft Kunst.
Ein Seattle-Feuerwehrmann steht vor seinem LKW
Ein Feuerwehrmann starrt tief in Gedanken um sich herum.
Zwei Feuerwehrleute mit Seattle Fire auf der Rckseite ihrer Ausrstung schauen auf ihren LKW.
Zwei Mnner laufen in einem Rennen Seite an Seite.
Die Auenseite eines Unternehmens wird gezeigt, mit einem Mlleimer und vier Leuten, die herumspazieren.
Ein Taucher spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein Mann, der an einem Obststand sitzt, ist im Gesprch mit einem Jungen, der eine Schultasche trgt.
Hndler verkaufen unter einem Olivenbaum Obst auf einem Markt unter freiem Himmel.
Zwei Feuerwehrmnner bereiten sich darauf vor, auf ein Feuerwehrauto zu steigen.
Ein Feuerwehrmann, im Feuerwehranzug gekleidet, guckt sich verwirrt um.
Eine Gruppe von dunkel gekleideten Mnnern versammelt sich drauen und unterhlt sich begeistert.
Viele Menschen in weien Hemden gehen die Strae entlang.
Eine Dame mit rotem Hemd sitzt neben anderen Menschen auf einem Brgersteig und hlt eine Kamera.
Zwei junge Mnner in Tarnkleidung stehen im Gras.
Was wre ein Ausflug in den Park ohne den Besuch der Snack-Bar?
Zwei Mdchen heben ein anderes Mdchen hoch in die Luft.
Eine Frau, die einen bunten Bikini trgt, ruht sich neben blauen Wasser aus.
Ein Paar sitzt auerhalb eines Betriebes.
Eine asiatische Frau in einem roten Polo-Hemd guckt ber einen Schalter.
Ein Mann mit einer Einkaufstasche geht durch eine schattige Strae.
Sie schtzt sich mit ihrem kleinen gelben Sonnenschirm, whrend sie ihr schickes langes Kleid vorzeigt.
Die Country-Musik-Gruppe Sugarland fhrt auf.
Eine ltere Person mit Sonnenbrille geht zu Fu whrend des Tages spazieren.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid mit blauen Schmuck hlt einen Hahn.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd sitzt auf seinem Motorroller und wartet auf den Verkehr.
Ein Mann trgt Handschuhe und einen Schutzhelm.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einer Wand mit Graffiti.
Ein Schwerarbeiter spricht seine Gedanken in sein Megaphon.
Drei Menschen in einem kleinen Boot neben einem hlzernen Bootdock, wo zwei weitere Personen stehen.
Ein Mdchen in hellen Kleidern tanzt mit einem Hula-Hoop.
Eine Frau in einem rosa getupften Rucksack hlt ein Kleinkind.
Vier Frauen gehen durch eine Kunstgalerie.
Eine Frau mit einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt geht an einem 1-Stunde Fotoladen vorbei.
Eine ltere Frau stapelt Teller um Platz in ihrem Warenkorb zu machen.
Ein weier Mann mit langen grauen Bart trgt einen schwarzen Hut und einen langen schwarzen Anzug whrend er die Strae entlang geht.
In einem Themenpark oder einem Basketballplatz.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd macht ein Foto von sich und der Familie die er whrend des Urlaubs kennen gelernt hat.
Eine Frau und eine Gruppe von Kinder lebt in Armut.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem gestreiften Hemd geht zu Fu durch das Gras in der Nhe von ein paar Bumen.
Ein Junge schlgt eine Piata whrend eines Familienfests im Freien.
Lchelnde Kinder sitzen auf einer Betonplatte und zeigen einen kleinen Gegenstand in ihren Hnden.
Ein Mann in einem grauen T-Shirt hlt einen Hammer.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau beugt sich ber eine mehrfarbige Sitzbank, whrend sie in einen roten Eimer guckt.
Drei Frauen fahren in einem Wagen.
Eine junge Frau sucht in der Nhe des Eingangs nach etwas in ihrer Handtasche.
Ein Mdchen mit einer Sonnenbrille und einem orangefarbenen rmellosen Hemd macht Hula Hoops.
Ein Mann mit einer CGT Jacke geht mit Feuer in der Hand umher, whrend zwei Jungs ein Bild machen.
Mehrere Mnner tragen rote Warnwesten und Plakate, whrend Sie zu Fu durch eine Strae gehen, wo eine Explosion stattgefunden hatte.
Eine Gruppe Frauen, einige Kopftcher tragend, versammeln sich um eine Frau, die auf einem Moped sitzt.
Eine alte Frau steht neben Taschen, die Sachen enthalten.
Eine Frau mit Federn im Haar und einem Henna-Tattoo auf ihrem Gesicht schaut von ihrem Bildschirm auf.
Ein Mann, eine Frau und ein Kind sitzen auf einer Bank und warten auf den Bus.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarze Tasche hlt sich an einem Zaun fest.
Ein Mdchen lchelt auerhalb eines Ladens.
Ein Mann in einem dunkelblauen Hemd und roten Rucksack geht an einer Graffiti Wand vorbei.
Zwei Mnner, die beide Hte tragen, stehen auf irgendeinem Holz.
Eine Frau mit einer Einkaufstasche geht in die Richtung einer Strae.
Mittagessen im Freien an einem sonnigen Tag.
Eine Frau mit Jeans und blauem Hemd steht drauen und raucht eine Zigarette.
Eine Frau geht die Strae entlang in Jeans, schwarzen Absatzschuhen und einer beigefarbenen Handtasche.
Scheffel von Gemse stehen zum Verkauf auf einem Markt und ein Mann schiebt sein beladenes Fahrrad.
Eine Frau und ein Mann tanzen in der ffentlichkeit.
Eine Brnette in einem orange Hemd spielt mit einem grn-weien Hula-Hoop.
Ein Mann geht mit einem Protestschild umher.
Eine Parade findet statt und Menschen sind in hellen Farben gekleidet.
Ein grinsender Mann mit in vielen Farben gefrbten Haarspitzen und groen Ohrpiercings.
Ein asiatischer Mann studiert das Innere eines Glasgebudes von der Strae aus.
Ein Mdchen schreit, als sie von der Wasserrutsche rutscht.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich an einer Straenecke.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack und einem Paket geht auf einem Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann schaut gelangweilt, whrend ein anderer Mann durch zwei Juweliermikroskope schaut und ein Kind hat Spa.
Eine halbnackte Schaufensterpuppe ist im Fenster ausgestellt.
Fnf Menschen die Tauchausrstung tragen sind in einem ruhigen Gewsser versammelt.
Eine Frau bckt sich, um etwas in ihrer Tasche zu suchen.
Eine Frau in Leggings und Tunika liest ein Flugblatt an einem hellen Pfosten.
An einem sonnigen Tag teilt sich ein Paar einen Imbiss an einem ffentlichen Denkmal.
Eine kleine Gruppe von Hunden zieht einen Wagen voller Kinder, die mit Blumen bedeckt sind.
Ein Junge der in einem Blumenwagen sitzt, der von Hunden gezogen wird.
Eine Frau und ihre Tochter, die gerade Lebensmittel eingekauft haben, warten auf ihre Fahrt und zwei Menschen gehen an ihnen vorbei.
Eine Frau geht an einem Brunnen mit Palmen im Hintergrund vorbei.
Drei Menschen sitzen an einem Entwsserungsgraben neben einem Krokodil-Warnzeichen.
Eine Frau in weier Hose trgt ein Baby und blickt ber den Ozean.
Eine junge Frau, die grn und braun gekleidet ist, sitzt auf der Treppe mit einem Papier auf ihrem Scho.
Fallschirmspringen mit der Sonne und Himmel im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau, die neben ihrem Fahrrad steht, wartet darauf die Strae zu berqueren.
Ein Mann fhrt ein sehr kleines Fahrzeug.
Ein Mann in einem beige-wei gestreiften Hemd, brauner Hose und Schuhen schaut vorwrts mit einer Hand auf seinem Gesicht und einem Fu hoch.
Menschen sitzen und gehen zu Fu die Strae einer Stadt entlang.
Zwei Frauen sitzen in hinten in einem LKW und essen.
Ein Mann nimmt seine Katze auf einen Spaziergang mit in die Stadt.
Drei gebrunte Mnner, die auf der Seite eines Berges graben, machen eine Pause.
Zwei Menschen faulenzen in einem groen Auenbereich.
Eine ltere Frau geht mit einer Tasche unter einem Flughafen Zeichen durch.
Zwei Menschen stehen vor einem Gebude mit Graffiti, worauf Boss Life steht.
Eine Frau steht neben einem Fahrrad vor einem Geschft und einem Tunnel.
Ein Polizist schreibt einen Strafzettel fr schlechtes Parken.
Ein Mdchen, das an einem Schreibtisch in einer Bibliothek sitzt, legt den Kopf auf ein Buch.
Zwei Mnner spielen Schlagzeug vor einer Menschenmenge.
Viele junge Menschen sitzen auf einer Mauer und hngen zusammen rum.
Eine Frau die eine weie Bluse trgt, geht von einem Gebude weg.
Eine Gruppe von Surfern rudert hinaus ins Wasser.
Ein Mann mit roten Haaren und in grner Hose posiert fr ein Bild unter einem Schirm.
Zwei Jungen spielen auf einer Stadtstrae; derjenige mit einer Brille zeigt ein V-Zeichen mit seinen Fingern in die Kamera.
Eine Frau sitzt auf Betonstufen neben einer Zeichnung eines Herzen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd und schwarzer Hose schlendert durch einen Irish Pub.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem blauen Moped in einer Strae.
Eine Frau schminkt sich.
Ein blondes Kind steht in der Nhe von seinem Fahrrad auf einer ungepflasterten Strae.
Ein Mann lehnt sich vor, um eine Frau auf einem Fahrrad in der Nhe einer Palme zu kssen.
Ein Hund blickt ber grnes Gras und Blumen.
Eine Gruppe zumeist jngeren Personen entspannt gemeinsam in einem Hotel-Whirlpool.
Baumaschinen vor einem Gebude mit einem Wandbild eines Mannes, der von schwarzen Vgel getragen wird.
Eine Dame fhrt ihr Fahrrad auf einem Holzdeck am Strand.
Ein Mann sitzt mit seinem kleinen Hund zusammen.
Vier Mnner von unterschiedlichen Alter, schnitzen Designs auf groe weie Platten in einer chaotischen, offenen Werkstatt .
Rauch kommt aus einem Jet am Himmel.
Zwei Mnner mit Leitern arbeiten an einem Zaun.
Ein junger Wanderer sitzt auf einer Brcke mit Blick auf einen Fluss.
Eine Gruppe Leute fotografiert zur gleichen Zeit etwas, was oben geschieht.
Arbeiter tragen ihre Schutzhelme, whrend sie auf einem Felsvorsprung arbeiten.
Drei Blondinen, die in schwarz und wei gekleidet sind, gehen whrend des Tages zu Fu ber eine Brcke.
Ein graues Auto wartet, dass die Ampel an einer Kreuzung grn wird.
In einer belebten Gegend trgt ein Mann einen grauen Helm neben seinem Moped.
Zwei afrikanische Soldaten gehen durch einen groen steinernen Torbogen, einer zeigt mit dem Daumen hoch.
Mnner in der Armee halten Gewehre.
Ein Mann in einen blauen Blazer geht drauen spazieren.
Ein kleiner Junge schaut in die Kamera, einen New-York-Hut und ein schwarz-wei gestreiftes Hemd tragend.
Ein Junge auf einem grnen Fahrrad erhlt einen Anruf.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Kleid posiert vor dem Louvre.
Eine Straenszene von Menschen auf Mopeds.
Ein Kind springt von einer Schaukel mitten in der Luft.
Zwei Frauen umarmen einander.
Eine Person in einem lachsfarbenen Hemd macht ein Bild von etwas ber ihnen.
Eine Frau guckt auf eine belebte Strae.
Ein Mann, der einen blauen Pullover und eine Mtze trgt, raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt seinen Hund an einer Promenade Gassi.
Eine Dame in einem blauen T-Shirt schneidet eine Grimasse in einem Restaurant zu einem kleinen Mdchen, das gerade in etwas beien will.
Ein Paar geht an einem Caf vorbei, wo ein anderes Paar gerade drauen sitzt.
Zwei Straenhndler sitzen auf dem Brgersteig und warten auf Kunden.
Ein Mdchen manvriert ein Fahrrad durch ein Zelt das drauen aufgebaut ist.
Eine Frau, die einen weien Trainingsanzug an hat, streckt ihren Fu ber ihren Kopf.
Ein Clown hlt sich ihre Ohren zu und hat einen Ballon in der linken Hand.
Ein alter Mann spricht mit einem anderen Mann, der militrische Kleidung trgt und in der Nhe eines Affen ist.
Ein Mann fhrt sein Fahrrad mit Zeitungen in dem Korb.
Ein kleiner Junge schaut zurck in die Kamera whrend er auf einem roten Moped sitzt.
Ein Student eilt zur Klasse, Kopfhrer tragend.
Eine Dame geht in einem rosa Mantel mit einem kleinen rosa Regenschirm in der Hand.
Ein Profi-Fuballer versucht den Ball abzugeben, whrend ein anderer versucht, ihn anzugreifen.
Zwei Frauen stehen drauen um einen berdachten Tisch umgeben von schnen Blumen.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Mtze sieht zu einem brtigen Mann.
Ein Mann steht auf der Strae und geniet die Architektur eines Gebudes.
Eine Frau posiert im Freien mit einem Designer-Regenschirm.
Eine Gruppe von asiatischen Frauen ist in bunter Kleidung gekleidet und hlt Fcher in ihren Hnden.
Zuschauer beobachten wie das Fuballteam London FC Arsenal auf dem Feld trainiert.
Eine kleine Person hlt eine gelbe Flagge mit einem roten Logo.
Ein Mann in orangefabener Kleidung ist im Gesprch auf seinem Handy.
Eine Frau in einem rosa-grnen, rmellosen Hemd hrt einem grn gekleideten Mann mit blauen Rucksack zu.
Mehrere Personen faulenzen auf einem Platz im Schatten.
Ein lterer brtiger weier Mann in einem blauen Hemd und roter Jacke schaut hinunter auf einen Hot Dog, den er gerade hlt.
Zwei alte Mnner in Polo-Hemden.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und einer Hose hlt ein Seil und schaut nach oben.
Da ist eine Parade mit Menschen in Kostmen.
Ein Mann der ein grnes T-Shirt und eine Einkaufstasche trgt, liest die Zeitung auf eine Ecke in einer Stadt, Ecke, whrend eine Frau umher starrt.
Menschen gehen ber einen Fugngerberweg.
Ein alter Mann in einem weien rmellosen Hemd kratzt seinen Kopf.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters kauert in einem schmutzigen Zimmer.
Ein Mann mit einem Regenschirm steht auf einem Hgel und es regnet.
Ein Kind, das einen Hut und Rucksack trgt, geht zu Fu durch die Stadt.
Viele mnnliche Arbeiter stehen auerhalb eines Gebudes ,grn und blau gekleidet.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen rmellosen Hemd macht Hula Hoops.
Ein Mann geht auf einer Strae neben einer Wand, auf die ein riesiger Mund gemalt ist.
Die Frau mit dem Schal schaut dem Mann beim Kochen zu.
Zwei Mnner sind hinter der Theke einer Konditorei, whrend zwei Personen die Sigkeiten angucken.
Eine Frau benutzt einen Lffel, um Essen zu verteilen.
Ein junges Paar schaut sich in die Augen, whrend Sie auf einer Rolltreppe in einem Einkaufszentrum fahren.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd fhrt seinen Hund whrend eines Sonnenunterganges Gassi.
Ein Mann guckt auf sein Telefon whrend er seinen Hund am Pier Gassi fhrt.
Ein kleines Kind aus dem mittleren Osten in einer Art unterirdischen Holzhhle.
Ein kleines asiatisches Kind reitet auf dem Rcken einer Frau, die einen Hut trgt.
Eine Sportbar, wo man Spiele verfolgen kann.
Ein asiatisches Paar, das auf einer hlzernen Bank in einem Waldgebiet sitzt, liest und schaut sich um.
Ein Mdchen und ein Kleinkind gucken in verschiedenen Richtungen auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Straenverkufer trgt einen Kochhut und mehrere Personen versammeln sich um ihn und seinen Warenkorb.
Zwei Frauen in Mnteln schauen auf eine Auenanzeige von Schmuck.
Zwei Mnner stehen am Strand und schauen in die Ferne.
Der Mann in der blauen Jacke ist an der Telefonzelle vorbei gegangen.
Eine Frau in einem Hemd berquert die Strae an einem bewlkten Tag.
Zwei Mnner gehen auf dem Strand entlang mit Gitarre in der Hand.
Ein Mann in einem hellgrauen T-Shirt fhrt einen leuchtend roten Coca-Cola-Lastwagen.
Zwei Mnner und zwei junge Frauen arbeiten an einem blauen Fahrrad.
Ein Fotograf steht im Schatten vor einer mit Graffiti bedeckten Wand.
Menschen schauen sich Sachen an einem Schlussverkauf im Freien an.
Eine Frau in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt und weier Hose besucht den Gottesdienst.
Kinder, die sich ausruhen und viele Treppen hinauf gehen.
Ein weihaariger Mann und eine braunhaarige Frau gehen zu Fu Hand in Hand.
Ein Kellner steht an einem Tisch.
Zwei Personen stehen vor einem Tisch mit Essen.
Ein Mann steht mit seinem Blick nach unten gerichtet.
Ein asiatischer Mann hockt auf der Strae mit seinen Habseligkeiten.
Eine Frau geniet ein Getrnk in der Sonne.
Eine Person fhrt ein Fahrrad in einem Tunnel.
Weier Hund am Rande des Wassers.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt isst und steht neben einem Zaun.
Ein Mann beugt sich runter auf einem Felsen.
Vier Mnner in roten Hten und oranger Uniform geht zu Fu in der Nhe einer Hecke.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf der Strae Instrumente, um Passanten zu unterhalten.
Ein Mann wartet auf dem Bahnsteig auf die U-Bahn.
Ein lterer Mann in einem Anzug verschliet sein Fahrrad.
Eine Stadtstrae mit einem einsamen Mann in der Mitte.
Ein Hund starrt auf etwas mit einem Spielzeug im Mund.
Ein schwarz-wei gekleideter Mann steht auf der Seite der Strae und isst ein Eis.
Ein Mann greift nach einigen Frchten an einem Obstmarkt.
Studenten machen eine Pause, nachdem sie ein Technikexamen in der Haupthalle der Schule geschrieben hatten
Zwei Mnner in Anzgen und Hten gehen zusammen.
Fugnger versammeln sich auf einer Straenecke vor dem Lyppens & Schipper Schaufenster.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem gelben T-Shirt wird gelehrt, wie man schreibt.
Die sehr mde schwarze Dame trug ihre neue rote Bluse auf dem Weg nach Hause im Bus.
Eine Gruppe Leute hat sich versammelt, um zu schauen, wie zwei Mnner eine Frau auf einem hlzernen Wippe heben.
Eine junge Frau wird offenbar aus einem Abwasserkanal gezogen mithilfe eines an einem hlzernen Vierrad befestigten Sitzes.
Ein Mensch wird aus dem Wasser mit einem alten Heber gehoben.
Eine Gruppe von drei lteren Menschen und drei jngere Menschen stehen zusammen in einem Gewsser.
Zwei Mdchen liegen in einem Beet voll Blumen mit ausgestreckten Armen.
Eine Frau fliegt durch die Luft, whrend sie auf einer Welle Wakeboarded.
Ein Mann liest eine Zeitung whrend er auf einen Zug wartet.
Drei Menschen sitzen eine Karte zwischen sich haltend und auf die Strae schauend.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd bindet einen gelben transparenten Beutel zu.
Drei weie Mnner in Freizeitkleidung, einer in blauer Latzhose, einer mit einer orangefarbenen Basketballkappe und einer mit einem gelben Hemd, gehen ber ein gelbes Gerst.
Eine asiatische Frau in der Menschenmenge trgt eine schwarze Tasche, auf die der Schriftzug Pain und eine Hand mit aufgesetztem Schlagring gedruckt ist.
Zwei kleine Mdchen, die helle Kleider tragen, pusten Seifenblasen mit Luftblasen-Zauberstben.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die beide schwarz tragen, tanzen zusammen.
Eine weibliche Malerin malt auf eine Vase, whrend drei Personen sie beobachten.
Ein Mann mit einem braunen Schal blst Rauch.
Ein verzerrtes Bild von einem kleinen Jungen der luft.
Ein asiatisches Mdchen isst einen Hot Dog zum Abendessen.
Zwei Menschen, einer in hellen Jeans und gestreiftem Hemd, spielen Billard.
Ein Mdchen reinigt den Hartholzfuboden mit einem Mopp.
Fuballspieler in rot-weien Uniformen gehen auf ein Feld.
Ein Mann ist in einem Baum hngen geblieben.
Eine groe Klasse von Absolventen, die Gewnder und Doktorhte tragen, wartet auf ihr Diplom.
Ein Mann macht ein Bild aus einer Kabine, den Objektivdeckel noch auf dem Kameraobjektiv.
Drei Mnner in kurzen Hosen stehen auf dem Parkplatz eines Gebudes mit der Kennzeichnung Fabrik.
Eine Hand hlt ein Stck verziertes Metall.
Ein kleiner Junge in Jeans und einem blauen T-Shirt trgt einen blauen Helm.
Eine junge Frau fhrt in einem Auto.
Ein Mann betrachtet etwas, whrend ein anderer Mann, der hinter seiner rechten Schulter sitzt, ein Bier trinkt.
Ein junges Mdchen mischt etwas gelbes in einer Schssel.
Eine Dame mit braunem Haar trgt einen silbernen Ring an ihrem Finger.
Ein Mdchen in einem roten T-Shirt sitzt mit einem Laptop auf ihrem Scho.
Ein kleines Kind klettert ein Tor hinauf zu einem Drahtzaun.
Eine Radfahrerin arbeitet an ihrem Fahrrad, das auf dem Kopf steht.
Zwei Frauen sind drauen und machen etwas mit Tpfen, Pfannen und Schalen.
Eine Frau subert das Gesicht eines Kindes, whrend ein anderes Kind daneben steht und lchelt.
Dies ist ein Mann, der ein Seil in seinem Mund hat, und ein Kalb in der Luft hlt.
Viele Katzen sitzen im Gras.
Eine Dame in einem Hof hlt einen Hund, whrend ein anderer Hund umher springt.
Spieler bereiten sich auf Lasertag vor.
Eine Frau in kurzer Hose fttert zwei Lamas oder Alpakas in einem Feld.
Ein weier flauschiger Hund luft im Dreck umher.
Ein Mann, der an Gerten arbeitet, trgt einen blauen Hut und blaue Uniform.
Eine Frau hlt ein Stckchen einer Spitze in die Luft, whrend hinter ihr Mnner in Ponchos Musik spielen.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich drauen mit einer Frau, es sind Bume um sie herum und ein Gebude im Hintergrund.
Ein Junge der die Nummer # 24 Uniform trgt, schreit whrend eines Fuballspiels.
Ein Mann, der als Polizist verkleidet ist, hlt ein Mikrofon in der Hand und hat die Augen geschlossen.
Es sieht aus als wrde Dennis Hopper mit Cristy Ally reden.
Ein Mann mit Brille blickt auf etwas in seinen Hnden.
Ein Kind spielt und versteckt etwas unter Heu.
Fr ein Foto hlt jemand eine Schlange am Kopf und Schwanz.
Ein Arbeiter steht neben seinem Warenkorb und blickt auf etwas.
Junge Mnner nehmen an einer religisen Zeremonie in einem noblen Gebude teil.
Eine Frau trgt ein kleines Kind auf ihrer Hfte.
Eine amische Frau bereitet ein Clydesdale-Pferd darauf vor, vor einen Wagen gespannt zu werden.
Ein Mann hlt ein Kalb, whrend er von einer anderen Kuh abgeleckt wird.
Ein Mann winkt der Kamera zu, whrend er einen Stock mit einem Haufen von Holz trgt.
Zwei Mnner spielen ein Spiel und beunruhigen andere.
Zwei Fuballmannschaften spielen, das eine Team hlt den Ball und luft whrend das andere Team sie jagt.
Blick durch ein Teleskop in einem Wissenschaftsmuseum.
Zwei gegenberliegende Fuballspieler, wo der eine in schwarz den anderen in wei angreift.
Ein Kleinkind hilft dabei, etwas mit einem Handmischer zu mischen.
Zwei Mdchen und ein Elternteil richten ein Zimmer in einem Studentenwohnheim fr das Schuljahr ein.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten an Landmaschinen die von zwei Pferden gezogen werden.
Eine junges schwarzes Mdchen tritt aus dem Bad, eingewickelt in Bademantel und Handtuch.
Mehrere Jugendliche rauchen und trinken in der Nacht.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Overalls und verrckten Haaren sitzt auf einem grnen Feld whrend sie ein rot-weies Objekt isst.
Mehrere Menschen gucken sich die Waren in einem Zelt an.
Ein Mann mit schwarzem Hut, weiem Hemd und Sandalen legt Ziegelsteine auf einer Baustelle.
Ein sehr lchelndes Baby, das eine gestreifte Jacke trgt, sitzt auf einem Bett.
Eine Dame in rot lacht mit einer Dame in grn, whrend beide einen Teller voll Essen in den Hnden halten.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen sind auf einem blauen Trampolin.
Menschen sitzen an einem Tisch mit einem roten Tischtuch, der mit Essen beladen ist.
Ein Mann mit Krawatte unterhlt sich mit zwei Frauen.
Eine Frau mit grauen Haaren macht ein Bild, whrend ein Mann neben ihr steht.
Ein Mann zeigt einem jngeren Mdchen, wie man ein Tauchgert benutzt, whrend er gegen die Wellen angeht.
Eine Frau mit Brille, die blaue Jeans trgt, hlt einen Sugling, whrend sie nach oben zeigt.
Eine Frau kniet in der Nhe von Laternen, whrend ein kleiner Junge im Sand spielt.
Ein Mann hlt einem grauen Hund einen nicht aufgeblasenen Fuball hin.
Zwei Mdchen, die eine in wei gekleidet und die andere in braun.
Ein Mann in einer Jacke mit einem freien Wortzeichen.
Ein Mann schaut durch ein Teleskop in einer Stadt.
Ein Mann und Kind, die ihre Luft anhalten, schwimmen unter Wasser in einem Schwimmbad.
Ein kleines Mdchen pflanzt ihre erste Blume im Sand.
Ein kleiner Junge, der wei trgt und ein T-Shirt mit der Nummer 85 an hat, macht einen Kampfsport Tritt in die Luft.
Ein Snger im Rampenlicht posiert in seiner Lederjacke.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau die in einem grauen Tuch gehllt ist, schaut aus einer Holztr.
Ein Pilot fliegt ein Kleinmotorflugzeug.
Ein Kind in einem gestreiften Hemd balanciert zwischen Holzgelnder.
Drei Arbeiter auf einem Gerst streichen die Auenseite eines Hauses.
Dieses Bild enthlt einen Schachtisch mit vier Glsern und einen Aschenbecher.
Farbige Bollywood Tnzer die auf einer Bhne tanzen.
Ein Mann in einem T-Shirt und Lungi trgt einen Bndeln von Stroh auf seinem Kopf ber ein Ackerland.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd steht am Strand und wirft einen Stein.
Ein Mann mit einer wabbligen Kochmtze hlt eine Gewrzflasche in der Hand, whrend er ber seine Schulter guckt und es so aussieht, als wrde er mit dem Mann hinter sich sprechen.
Eine schne Auswahl an Farben wird von einer Tnzerin gezeigt.
Ein groer Brunnen mit mehreren Leuten, die auf der rechten Seite sitzen.
Ein Mann singt in ein Mikrofon.
Das kleine Mdchen im Pool trgt einen roten Badeanzug.
Ein Pfeifer mit Pfeife im Mund trgt ein Tablett voller Essen die Treppe hinauf.
Ein schwarzer Mann in einem gestreiften Hemd isst im Stehen aus einer Tasse und hlt eine gelbe Wasserflasche.
Ein Hund luft durch den Wald.
Ein Mann in einer Badehose mit amerikanischer Flagge schwimmt unter Wasser in einem Schwimmbad.
Eine Frau in rot steht im Freien mit anderen Menschen.
Ein Snger mit nacktem Oberkrper steht mit gehobenen Armen bei einem Konzert vor einer jubelnden Menge.
Ein Mann schaut sich seine Kamera an.
Ein junges Mdchen schlgt eine Scooby Doo Piata, whrend andere Jugendliche und Erwachsene sie beobachten.
Eine Frau in einem rot gepunkteten Kleid singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad und im Hintergrund einen Mann der ein Trick auf einem Skateboard macht.
Zwei Kinder malen mit Buntstiften an die Wand.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen halten eine Sitzung auerhalb einer Lagerhalle.
Ein gelber Hund fngt einen Frisbee in der Luft.
Ein Mann steht auf einem groen Haufen von Heu, das in einem Wagen von zwei Pferden gezogen wird.
Ein kleiner Junge schaukelt in einer Schaukel.
Dies scheint ein Arbeitsplatz oder eine Forschungsstelle, evtl. ein Bauernhof zu sein, aber ein sehr feuchter, wo grner, schick aussehender Schimmel die Wnde hoch wchst.
Ein Baby sitzt drauen im Gras.
Eine Frau mit einem Korb voll Blumen telefoniert neben einer Frau in einem Hochzeitskleid.
Ein Mdchen mit kurzen Haaren singt.
Ein weier Mann mit einem blauen T-Shirt steht auf der Bhne und singt ein Lied, whrend sein schwarzer Gitarrist hinter ihm steht und die Hintergrundmusik spielt.
Eine Frau jagt zwei Schafe mit einem Besen.
3 niedliche kleine Mdchen mit etwas grnem in ihren Hnden.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Haufen von Blttern.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem schwarzen T-Shirt spielt mit einer NERF Spielzeug Pistole.
Ein blonder Hund schttelt sich das Wasser vom Fell neben einem See.
Ein lchelnder Mann mit einem gelben Helm spht aus einem Mannloch heraus.
Ein Mann spricht in ein Mikrofon mit einer Frau neben ihm.
Eine Person steht auf einem Balkon neben Wsche, die auf einer Leine trocknet.
Kleine Mdchen halten eine Geburtstagsfeier die von einem Mann beaufsichtigt wird.
Ein lterer Mann ganz in Schwarz gekleidet liegt auf einem grauen Mbelstck.
Eine Frau mit einem blauen Hemd und Kreolen.
Ein bunt gekleideter Mann fhrt mit seiner ebenso bunten Fahrradrikscha die Strae hinunter.
Ein Kind benutzt einen Staubsauger auf dem Kchenboden.
Ein Tnzer wirbelt in einem lebendigen rosa Kleid herum.
Dieses Bild zeigt verschiedene Personen auf einem Platz, die durch Fernrohre schauen.
Ein Junge luft mit einem sehr kleinen Fuball auf einem gepflasterter Weg.
Ein Tormann, der gelb gekleidet ist, hlt einen Fuball fest, whrend ein blau gekleideter Spieler hinter ihm steht.
Ein schwarzer Hund ist im Wasser mit einem Tennisball im Maul.
Ein junges Mdchen luft glcklich durch einen Park whrend sie ihre Handtasche und Babyspielzeug umklammert.
Drei Frauen in schwarzen Mnteln reden und lachen in einer Kunstgalerie.
Eine Gruppe von Erwachsenen sitzt an einem Tisch und spielt Karten.
Eine Dame schneidet einen Kuchen, whrend eine andere den Teller festhlt mit anderen Tellern vor ihr gestapelt.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd fllt einen Jetliner mit Kraftstoff auf.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem blaue-gelb karierten Outfit und blauem Hut luft auf dem Weg.
Ein Mann entsorgt eine Flssigkeit aus einem Pappbehlter.
Eine Person in einem grnen T-Shirt sitzt auf dem Boden in der Nhe von einem Zaun, mit Obst vor ihr ausgelegt.
Ein Taucher steht gebeugt am Ufer.
Eine Frau steht bei rosa Blumen und hngt Wsche auf eine Leine.
Der schwarze Hund luft durch das Wasser mit einem rosa Ball.
Drei Kinder und ein Mann spielen barfu Volleyball im Sand.
Ein brauner Hund und schwarzer Hund suchen etwas im Unterholz.
Ein Kind mit lila T-Shirt und blauer Jeans sitzt auf einem braunen Pferd.
Eine Frau mit Brille sitzt auf einem Stuhl und hkelt.
Ein Mdchen das einen Papierhut trgt, ffnet ein Geschenk in rosa Geschenkpapier, whrend andere ihr zuschauen.
Zwei Personen klettern eine tragbare Felswand hoch.
Eine Frau die gelb und blau trgt, springt rckwrts ber einen Balken.
Eine Frau in einem Lebensmittelgeschft liest eine Notiz.
Ein Publikum beobachtet, wie ein groer Mann gerade etwas mit einem Gummihammer zerschlgt.
Er bereitet sich darauf vor seinen Golfball zu schlagen, whrend sein Caddie und Sekretr auf ihn warten.
Ein Mann in einer fluoreszierenden Bauweste zeigt whrend eines Treffens ein Modell von einem Gebude.
Ein Wildhund luft durch die Wste.
Das Mdchen sitzt an der Theke zwischen Eimern mit Blumen und Kartons.
Ein Mann fischt in der Nhe von einigen weien Wellen.
Drei mnnliche Motorradfahrer starren zur linken Seite des Bildes hinaus.
Eine Gruppe von Motorradfahrern steht neben ihren Motorrdern auf einem Parkplatz.
Eine Gruppe von mnnlichen Motorradfahrern unterhlt sich vor einer Bar, whrend ihre Ausrstung auf dem Boden liegt.
Ein Mdchen fhrt auf einem Weg in der Nhe einer Reihe von Bumen und einem Haus Fahrrad.
Zwei Radfahrer fahren mit ihren Straenrdern durch einen Park der gefllt ist mit Wohnwagen und anderen Radfahrern.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Hemd lehnt sein Fahrrad an einem Baum.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau stehen am unteren Rande eines Felsens.
Ein Paar, das fr eine formale Veranstaltung angezogen ist, posiert zusammen.
Ein Mann der in einem Mustang Hemd angezogen ist, bereitet sich darauf vor in einem Wettkampf ein Messer zu werfen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau wandern in den Wldern.
Ein junges Mdchen trgt ein Kostm und legt ihre Hand auf ihr Kinn.
Cheerleaders werfen sich gegenseitig in die Luft bei einem Fuballfeld.
Ein junges Mdchen sitzt auf einer blauen Bank und trinkt aus einem Strohhalm.
Zwei Mnner in weien Anzgen und Glsern mit einem Getrnk.
Ein Radfahrer in wei-schwarzer Strumpfhose trinkt vor einem Mini-Van.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Pullover benutzt ihr Teleskop in der Nacht.
Eine ltere Frau steht vor einem Plattenspieler, whrend eine andere Frau die Kamera ausschalten.
Ein Mann in roter Hose arbeitet an seinem Fahrrad mit einem Schraubenschlssel.
Ein Jugendlicher steht im Spritzwasser von einem Brunnen unter einem bewlkten blauen Himmel.
Eine Frau in einem orangefarbenen Outfit beugt sich nach hinten.
Eine Frau mit Brille sitzt an einem Tisch und ltet einen Gegenstand.
Ein Fischer mit einem Boot voller Fische.
Ein junger Mann der ein kariertes Hemd trgt, singt in das Mikrofon und spielt seine Gitarre.
Mnner und zwei Kinder fangen Fischen mit einem Netz.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Hemd und blauer Jeans wrzt das Fleisch, whrend es auf einem Grill hinten im Hinterhof grillt.
Zwei Handwerker streichen oder reinigen eine Backsteinmauer.
Ein Knstler, der eine Hose mit Blmchenaufdruck und einem weiem T-Shirt trgt, vervollstndigt ein Projekt mit einem asiatischem Thema.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad hat gerade eine Rampe getroffen und ist mitten in der Luft.
Zwei Jungen haben Spa mit einem Spielzeugauto zu spielen.
Kinder die lernen und kreativ in einem Klassenzimmer sind.
Mnner die weie Tuniken in Flammen tragen, tragen riesige Fackeln herum.
Teilnehmer in langen weien Tuniken posieren am Abend beim Burning Man fr ein Gruppenbild.
Schler sitzen aufgereiht auf Treppenstufen, whrend sie warten und ihre elektronischen Gerte berprfen.
Eine Gruppe Leute nimmt an einer Zeremonie teil.
Ein paar Jugendliche spielen ein Kartenspiel.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlichen pflckt Pflanzen in einem Garten.
Ein Junge in einem karierten Hemd zieht einen Wagen voller Pflanzen.
Dieses Foto zeigt drei Jugendliche die Fuball spielen.
Ein Radrennfahrer gleitet den Hgel hinunter in Richtung einer Flagge, whrend die Zuschauer entlang dem von Bumen gesumten Weg zuschauen.
Ein Fotograf macht ein Foto von einem Snowboarder mitten in der Luft.
Dies ist eine klassisches europisches Caf, mit einer Frau, die hinter der Theke Kaffee kocht.
Er spielt Fuball in seiner gelb-schwarzen Team-Uniform.
Eine Fuballmannschaft von Jungen mit gelb-schwarz gestreiften T-Shirts ist glcklich, und ein Kind umarmt einen Erwachsenen.
Kinder die an einer Karate-Klasse teilnehmen.
Die Jungen sind heute in einer Karate-Klasse.
Sechs Kinder planschen in einem Outdoor-Wasserpark.
Ein Mdchen, das eine blaue Schwimmbrille auf dem Kopf trgt. schneidet eine Grimasse whrend sie auf dem Rasen liegt.
Ein Snger machte einen zu hohen Ton und riss ein Stimmband.
Ein Mann in einem Jeans Overall und einem roten T-Shirt macht riesige Seifenblasen fr Passanten.
Sechs Musiker spielen ihre verschiedenen Instrumente.
Es ist Herbst und eine barfige Frau macht in der Nhe eines Gewssers eine Kampfkunstbewegung.
Polizisten auf Pferden stoppen vor einer Gruppe von Jungen.
Eine Frau mit rmellosen Hemd zndet sich eine Zigarette an, whrend sie bei einer anderen Frau sitzt.
Ein Junge springt mit den Fen zuerst in ein Hallenbad.
Ein kleines Mdchen das in dunklen Farben gekleidet ist, steht auf einem Felsen, der einen groen Teich im Park berblickt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in einem groen roten Kleid tanzen.
Ein Mann in einem dunklen Outfit schwingt seinen Tennisschlger, whrend drei Mnner im Hintergrund zuschauen.
Ein paar Mnner sitzen auf Sofas und spielen ein Brettspiel.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Kappe, einem weien langrmigen Hemd und blauer Hose spielt Golf.
Drei Mnner bndeln Heu.
Ein Fahrzeug kommt ber die Spitze eines Hgels.
Eine Frau zieht einen Wagen mit zwei Krbissen.
Eine Gruppe von sechs Personen ist in einer Besprechung im Gesprch miteinander.
Ein Mann mit zwei Taschen voll Eis betritt ein Haus.
Ein Vater spielt fr seinen Sohn ein Lied auf seiner Gitarre.
Ein Junge spielt Paintball und kauert hinter ein paar Stmmen.
Ein Mann mit gruseliger Gesichtsbemalung trgt ein Bodysuit und ist im freien Fall.
Ein Mdchen posiert auf einer Veranda.
Ein Teenager sitzt hinter einem Karton und lchelt in die Kamera.
Ein junges Mdchen leckt einen Teller und hat Kuchen auf ihrem ganzen Gesicht.
Das weie Boot auf dem Wasser hat angehalten.
Menschen arbeiten mit Blumen an einem Blumenverkaufstand.
Vier Mnner, die T-Shirts tragen und Musikinstrumente spielen, spielen in einer Band.
Kinder spielen Badminton auf dem Rasen.
Eine Person sitzt auf einem groen Felsen, whrend eine andere Person in der Nhe steht.
Ein kleines Mdchen umarmt eine liebe Katze.
Ein Mann in einem orangefarbenen T-Shirt benutzt einen Mac-Computer.
Ein Mann redet in ein Mikrofon mit den Fingern in der Nase eines Teddybren.
Ein Mann mit einer Weste und hellbrauner Khaki-Hose steht auf dem Dach eines Autos.
Ein Mann sitzt an einer Bank mit Computern drauf und trgt Kopfhrer.
Ein Mann mit einem Schnurrbart und einem schwarzen T-Shirt spielt Saxophon.
Eine stark geschminkt Frau mit braunen Haaren singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Frau die Jeans und ein grnes T-Shirt trgt springt im Freien vor einer silbernen Statue.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen zusammen auf einer Wiese.
Zwei Gruppen von Straenknstlern fhren etwas fr drei Leute an der Straenecke auf.
Drei Menschen machen einen Handstand bei einigen Bumen.
Eine sitzendes Publikum schaut einem Mann mit einem rotem Hemd und einer schwarzen Hose mit Hosentrger zu, wie er einen anderen Mann, der eine Maske trgt, in die Luft hebt.
Vier Kinder spielen auf einem zeltartigen Bau
Arbeiter bereiten sich auf eine Sptschicht in einem nahe gelegenen Unternehmenskomplex in der Stadt vor.
Zwei Mdchen tragen eine Tasse Wasser, whrend sie zu Fu neben einem Stacheldrahtzaun gehen.
Ein Pee Wee Liga Football-Spieler, der ein lila Trikot trgt, navigiert den Football durch die gegnerischen Spieler in weien Trikots.
Menschen bauen Sthle drauen auf einem Parkplatz auf.
Vier Menschen die wei gekleidet sind, sind auf einem kleinen Boot mit anderen Booten und heruntergekommenen Husern im Hintergrund.
Ein abenteuerlicher Mann navigiert durch den Dschungel mit einem langen Stock.
Ein Collie spielt mit einem weien Ball in einem Feld mit grnem Gras.
Vier Mnner in dunklen Hemden sind mit ihren Laptops beschftigt.
Leute benutzen die uerste linke von drei Rolltreppen, die zusammen durch einen langen Tunnel fhren.
Ein Mann, der das Saxophon auf der Strae spielt, sammelt Geld.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd spielt Musik auf einer Strae.
Der Mann im weien Hut sitzt bei den Bildern.
Eine dunkelhaarige weie Frau, die ein weies T-Shirt und eine Jogginghose trgt, recht die Bltter.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen das gelbe Anziehsachen trgt, lacht und luft.
Ein Mann mit einem Mohikaner, einem Bart und einer Lederjacke sitzt neben einem Mdchen mit einem rosa Mohikaner und Brille.
Menschen gehen den Brgersteig entlang.
Ein Mann mit einem schulterlangen Afro steht auf der Bhne und hlt ein Mikrofon mit Pop! Tech  Zeichen im Hintergrund.
Eine ltere Frau jagt ihre Enkelin in einem Restaurant.
Eine Person, die in einer gelben Decke zugedeckt ist, schlft unter einem Tisch.
Gezeigt werden viele Jungen, die im Freien zusammen laufen.
Ein kleines Kind in einem gepunkteten Hemd hngt kopfber an einem Baum und schwingt.
Kinder beobachten einen Mann der Tanzbewegungen macht.
Eine hohe Winkelsicht von drei mnnlichen Musikern die in einer dunklen Umgebung mit Gitarren und einem Xylophon spielen.
Vier Leute stehen in der Nhe von Schildern und lesen sie.
Zahlreiche Menschen erforschen eine Kunstinstallation auf einem Stadtplatz.
Ein kleines Mdchen spritzt mit Wasser um sich in einem natrlichem Wasserbad.
Eine Frau mit einer schwarzen Jacke sitzt und spielt Klavier.
Ein Mann blick mit seinem Sohn durch ein Teleskop.
Ein kleiner Junge ist nass, weil er mit seinem Spielzeugwelpen im strmenden Wasser gespielt und geschrien hat.
Eine Gruppe Leute vom selben Stamm gehen zusammen spazieren.
Ein Mann springt von einer Sanddne ab und macht einen Salto in der Luft.
Eine arabische Frau kauft Obst auf dem Markt.
Ein lterer Mann schneidet einen Kuchen fr zwei Mdchen die an einem Tisch sitzen.
Zwei Mdchen mit Pferdeschwnzen fahren auf einer Kirmesattraktion.
Ein kleines Kind benutzt einen Handmixer fr einige Eier mit Hilfe von jemand anderem.
Eine Gruppe Leute versucht einen neuen Baum zu pflanzen.
Ein Fotograf macht schnell ein Foto von einem gelben Sportwagen.
Ein Mdchen macht einen Salto in der Mitte einer Wiese.
Eine Frau mit langem Haar, Brille und einem langrmeligen Hemd sitzt an einem Tisch und lchelt.
Zwei Frauen und ein junger Mann spielen ein Spiel an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann und seine Frau erforschen einen grnen Wald.
Eine blonde Frau mit Brille hockt neben einem Pilz in einem dicht bewachsenen Gebiet.
Die Dame in Rot sitzt vor dem Brunnen.
Ein Musiker spielt ein Xylophon fr eine Kinderschar.
Zwei Frauen, die passenden Kopfschmuck tragen, verkaufen ihre Waren in einem Marktplatz auf der Straenseite.
Zwei Mnner verwenden ein Sonnenteleskop um in die Sonne zu blicken.
Ein kleine Gruppe von Leuten versammeln sich bei einer Messe, wo Stnde mit Flaggen von Lndern ber den Wnden hngen.
Ein Junge fhrt sein Skateboard im Park.
Zwei Frauen sitzen an einem Tisch, eine blickt nach unten und die andere auf ihren Laptop, hinter ihnen ist eine Flagge, auf der in spanischer Sprache Schweden steht.
Zwei Mnner an einem Tisch diskutieren einige Formalitten.
Zwei Mnner in einem Klassenzimmer vor einem weien Bildschirm.
Ein Mann spricht und hlt ein Stck Papier in der Hand.
Eine Person fhrt mit Ski einen steilen schneebedeckten Hgel hinab.
Zwei Mnner, die Taucheranzge tragen, reiten auf Surfbrettern eine Welle.
Ein junger Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt mit weier kurzer Hose ist dabei, einen Tennisball zu schlagen.
Ein Hund holt einen Tennisball aus einem Pool mit Wasser.
Ein schwarzer Welpe spielt mit einer Orange auf einem Teppichboden.
Ein Hund springt ber einen Zaun.
Ein weier Hund mit einem Maulkorb trottet auf Gras vor Bumen.
Eine Frau liest ein Buch mit Lebensmittelgeschften.
Vier Mnner, die mit weien Anzgen ausgestattet sind, die Infektionen verhindern, sind in einem Raum mit mechanischer Ausrstungen und einer Leiter.
Eine Gruppe von Freunden oder Familie springen alle zur gleichen Zeit fr ein Portrtfoto im Urlaub.
Die dunkelhaarigen Kinder lcheln in die Kamera, whrend eines von ihnen die Zunge herausstreckt.
Ein Junge mit blauer Gesichtsbemalung lutscht seinen Daumen.
Eine Frau in Wei sitzt vor einer Steinmauer und spielt ein Streichinstrument.
Ein Mann schaut in ein Teleskop.
Kinder sprechen zu einer Menschenmenge, die auf rotem Backstein steht.
Junge schwarze Kinder tanzen, whrend drei dabei eine Pyramide formen.
Eine Gruppe von vier Mdchen trifft sich mit einer Gruppe von lteren Frauen.
Ein Mann in einer orangefarbenen Kappe steht oben auf einem spitzen Stein.
Ein brauner Hund mit Hundegeschirr jagt einen roten Ball.
Zwei Mnner gieen Schmutz auf ein Feld.
Gerade als ein Mann die Strae entlanggeht geht, macht eine Taube einen Sturzflug hinter ihm.
Zwei Mnner ringen bei einem Wettkampf, whrend Schaulustige sie aufmerksam beobachten.
Ein junger Mann macht einen Inline-Skate-Sprung vor einem Glasgebude.
Ein Skifahrer springt ber eine Lcke.
Ein Clown in rot karierter Hose und einem rosa Hut sitzt vor einem Zelt.
Ein schwarzer Hund trgt einen Eimer im Mund.
Der Radfahrer lchelt dem nassen Hund zu, der entspannt vor dem Haus liegt.
Eine junge Frau liegt in einem Sonnenstudio.
Ein Mann schiebt zwei Kinder in einem groen Wagen, whrend ein kleines Mdchen neben her luft.
Zwei Kinder arbeiten an einem Projekt mit einer Frau.
Ein Mann mit Brille und einem zerlumpten Kostm spielt eine Jaguar E-Gitarre und singt mit der Begleitung von einem Schlagzeuger.
Ein Mann in einem roten Mantel und schwarzen Hut spielt eine Posaune.
Eine vierkpfige asiatische Familie sitzt um einen kurzen Tisch.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit langen Haaren schwebt in einem bunten Wald.
Ein Mann, der von einer Promenade fischt, wirft seine Angelrute ber das Gelnder.
Ein kleiner Junge fhrt sein Skateboard im Freien auf einem Gelnder.
Ein Mdchen steht auf einem Bein mit einer Hand in der Luft.
Ein Mann in einem Elmo T-Shirt fhrt mit seinem Fahrrad durch den Wald.
Ein Hund an der Leine legt seine Vorderpfoten auf einen Balken.
Eine Gruppe Leute, meist orange-schwarz gekleidet, geht unter Wunderkerzen durch.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid lchelt vor einem silbernen Lastwagen.
Ein Mann der ein grnes Sweatshirt und Jeans trgt, fllt von einer Leiter whrend drei Mnner zugucken.
Die Kinder vor dem Gebude spielen mit einer Seifenblase.
Jemand wartet an einer Bushaltestelle.
Menschen schwingen auf einer roten metallischen Kirmesattraktion vor einigen Bumen.
Eine Frau in einem blauen T-Shirt schaut in ein Schaufenster.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem Hut und roter Hose balanciert auf Hochseilen.
Ein Mann hlt whrend eines Konzerts eine Gitarre auf der Bhne.
Ein Vater und drei Jungen gehen in das Wasser am Strand.
Eine Sngerin singt in einer qualmigen Kneipe.
Ein Krankenwagen fhrt an einem Mann und Mdchen vorbei, der Mann trgt ein Bandana.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Outfit wirft Spielzeug Blle in die Luft.
Eine Gruppe Leute, die Taschen tragen, steht in einer Schlange fr einen Zug.
Ein Hubschrauber landet im Feld mit See im Hintergrund.
Ein lchelnder Kerl, der eine Brille trgt, hlt im Freien einen anderen Kerl hoch, der ein blaues Hemd und eine schwarze Hose trgt.
Ein Mann ist auf einem Skateboard auf einer roten Rampe.
Ein afrikanisches Kind hat einen Fu auf dem Pedal seines Fahrrads, und hat angehalten, um nach links zu gucken.
Ein paar Menschen dekorieren ein Pferd whrend eine Person es ruhig hlt.
Ein Junge mit schner Hose, einem Grtel und einer Krawatte springt von Treppen hinunter.
Ein Grundschule Kind gibt einen Basketball weiter, in einem Basketball-Team Spiel.
Eine Frau liegt auf einem gestreiften Sofa in einer Wohngegend auf einem grasbewachsenen Hof.
Zwei Personen in einem Vortragssaal halten Kunststofffolie in der Hand.
Es wird ein Geschft in einem fremden Land mit einem Mann hinter der Theke gezeigt.
Ein Herr in einem rosa Hemd trommelt, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Ein Mann, der eine Grimasse zieht, zwingt sich, ein ungewhnliches Essen mit Stbchen zu essen.
Ein Mann und Frauen machen einen Stepptanz fr eine Menschenmenge.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer roten Jacke steht in der Mitte des Waldes.
Eine Band tritt auf der Ecke einer Strae auf.
Ein Skateboarder macht einen Kickflip von einem angehobenen Podest auf einen Brgersteig.
Ein Mann rudert ein Kanu und wird von einem Hund im Kanu begleitet.
Ein Mann mit lila Haaren und einem blauen Hemd repariert einen Staubsauger mit einem lteren weien Mann.
Ein Mann zieht sein Gepck auf Rdern an einem Fenster voll mit blhenden Blumen vorbei.
Eine Dame steht auf einem Ausstellungstisch fr ein Ringwurfspiel.
Ein Mdchen in rosa und Mann in schwarz, paddeln durchs Wasser.
Ein paar junge Mnner sitzen auf einer Treppe in einem heruntergekommenen Viertel; einer scheint mit Metallbearbeitung beschftigt zu sein.
Ein Mann fhrt etwas fr eine Gruppe vor einem weien Haus auf.
Mnner sind zu Fu auf der Stadtstrae mit einem gelben Bus und zwei FedEx Fahrzeugen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann und ein junges Mdchen Schwimmen.
Eine Gruppe Kindern betrachtet eine Skulptur in einem Museum.
Drei Mnner spielen auf langen Trommeln auf einer Bhne.
Ein Hund hat einen orangen Ball im Maul.
Ein Kerl fhrt Motocross im Schmutz.
Eine Gruppe Leute geht zu Fu eine Rampe hoch an einem bewlkten Tag.
Afrikanische Mnner tanzen whrend sie eine Mischung aus traditionellen und westliche Kleidung tragen.
Ein lterer Mann in einem schwarzen Hemd sitzt mit drei kleinen Kindern im Freien
Ein Mann mit Stahlhelm kauft Sigkeiten ein.
Drei Afrikanische Frauen tanzen in einheimischer afrikanischer Kleidung, whrend einer Gruppe Leuten zuguckt.
Ein Mann schlft auf einem alten Sofa in einer Gasse.
Ein Mann geht in die Richtung eines weien Eiswagens, der in der Nacht auf der Strae geparkt ist.
Ein Mdchen schaut bengstigt auf einen Kfer auf ihrem Finger.
Ein Ort, der aussieht wie eine Fallschirmspring-Anlage, wo Leute Helme aufsetzen.
Ein Mann steht mit einer Angelrute auf einem Strand.
Eine ttowierte Frau spielt Gitarre und singt, whrend ihre Band hinter ihr steht.
Zwei Mdchen in Rcken stehen in einem Park und lcheln.
Zwei Frauen in rosafarbenen Overall posieren neben einem weien Fahrzeug.
Asiatische Mnner und Frauen sitzen auf blauen Plastikhockern und essen.
Eine dreikpfige Band spielt auf der Bhne.
Ein Hund rennt durch Wasser.
Diese Frau mit Ttowierungen steckt ihre gepiercte Zunge heraus, whrend sie eine Dose Bier hlt.
Eine Frau schminkt sich und redet gleichzeitig auf dem Telefon.
Ein Kind fhrt ein Einrad entlang eines Uferwegs neben einer Frau, die einen Hund Gassi fhrt.
Ein schwarzer Hund spielt in der Nhe eines Wasserfalls.
Ein Mann steht vor einem Trockner in einem Waschsalon und greift mit beiden Hnden in einen Behlter oder Korb.
Ein Mann der einen schwarzen Hut trgt, sitzt auf einem trabenden, weien Pferd.
Jemand luft schneller als eine Gewehrkugel und berholt fast die weie Limousine.
Ein Mann in einem Anzug reitet ein braunes Pferd.
Eine ruhige Straenecke mit einem Mann der auf einem Hocker sitzt und auf eine kleine Bhne starrt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt wendet Hamburger und Hotdogs auf einem Grill im Freien.
Ein Mann mit Brille benutzt einen Spachtel um einen Hamburger vom Grill zu heben.
Zwei Menschen bereiten sich darauf vor, Essen zu servieren.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten an Tpfen in einem Raum mit Tpferwaren an den Wnden.
Mehrere Mnner ziehen ein Fischernetz auf den Strand.
Ein Mann in einem Militrfluganzug redet an einem Mobiltelefon.
Ein Hund sitzt auf dem Scho eines Besitzers, der vor dem Computer sitzt
Ein asiatischer Mann versucht ein grnes Fahrrad im Freien zu reparieren, whrend zwei andere asiatische Mnner daneben stehen.
Eine Familie tanzt bei Sonnenuntergang am Ufer eines Sees.
Ein Mdchen in einem schwarzen Rock und blauen Kleid giet Blumen.
Zahlreiche Kinder versammeln sich um einen mit Essen gedeckten Tisch.
Ein Mdchen in einem langrmligen Hemd mit bunten Streifen und schwarzer Hose, isst einen Belag von einer hausgemachten Pizza, die sie gerade vorbereitet.
Ein junger, blonder Junge isst einen Kuchen mit einem Lffel.
Ein Kind mit einem blauen Mohawk spielt Violine.
Das Baby ist hypnotisiert und fasziniert durch sein Spiegelbild im Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Badehose spielt im Meer.
Zwei Kinder rutschen eine Wasserrutsche auf einem aufblasbaren Flo hinunter.
Zwei Indianer verkaufen Kartoffelchips an Fugnger als Straenverkufer.
Ein heimatloser Mann bettelt fr Geld mit einem humorvollen Zeichen.
Ein lterer Mann in Mantel und Stiefel bereitet einen frisch gefangenen Fisch vor.
Ein Mann mit einem Mikrofon spielt Klavier und Keyboard.
Ein Kind macht einen Handstand am Rande eines Strandes.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern auf einem Schiff das umgekippt ist, trgt Helme.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem leeren Saal mit zwei anderen im Hintergrund.
Ein lterer Herr zeigt voller Stolz seine Gartenernte
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung hlt einen Bndel Heu.
Ein Mann auf einer Leiter macht etwas mit getrockneten Pflanzen.
Zwei Mnner, einer in einem schwarzen T-Shirt, der andere in einer Jacke, hufen Weizen
Eine Frau in einem Trenchcoat hlt ein Taxi an.
Ein braunhaariger Junge in Badehose springt rckwrts ber einen Swimmingpool.
Ein kleines Kind plantscht in einem grn-gelben Planschbecken.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und einer roten Weste steht ist vor einem roten Hubschrauber.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Kleid spielt mit einem Hula-Hoop.
Ein Kajakfahrer in Stromschnellen zwischen zwei Felsen und ein Zuschauer auf einem felsigen Ufer.
Zwei Kinder Wasser-Raften auf einem See.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt in einer Metall-Wanne die mit Wasser gefllt ist.
Ein Mann auf einem Moped fhrt durch die Straen seiner Stadt.
Ein Mann, der ein Mikrofon trgt, hat eine rote Decke ber dem Kopf, als er zu einem schwarz bedeckten Tisch geht.
Ein Cirque du Soleil Schauspieler zeigt seine beeindruckende Kraft und sein Gleichgewicht.
Ein Mdchen wird von einem Seil gezogen, whrend sie auf einem Flo sitzt.
Zwei Jungen spielen mit einem kaputten Fuball.
Ein Baby in einem Autositz schlft und weint.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Brille und Trainingsanzug schwingt einen Schlger.
Junge Menschen mit gleichen Frisuren posieren fr die Kamera unter einem weien Schirm.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Hemd hlt eine groe Schnecke.
Eine junge blonde Frau versorgt im Freien einen winzigen Welpen.
Ein Mann mit einem orangefarbenen Hemd klettert auf einen Felsen.
Ein Mann mit Brille und einem grnen Hemd wird von einem Ziegenbock auf die Wange geksst.
Eine Menge Leute sitzen in der Nhe der Space Needle.
Eine Person auf Skiern springt ber einen Sprung an einem wunderschnen Berg, der mit Schnee bedeckt ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt drauen einen Schneeball.
Eine Band macht vor einer Menschenmenge eine Lichtschau und einen Auftritt.
Fuballspieler laufen auf der grnen Wiese auf einander zu.
Eine Frau fhrt ein Fahrrad vorbei an einem Auto und einer Gruppe Leute auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein kleiner Junge schiebt sein Dreirad zu Bllen, die im Gras liegen.
Eine/ein dunkelhaarige/r Kunststudent/in arbeitet im stehen an einem Projekt.
Drei Arbeiter heben einen roten Sack, whrend ein anderer auf einem Schwimmsteg sitzt.
Ein arbeitender Mann lchelt, whrend er ein Foto macht.
Eine junges schwarzes Mdchen zeichnet bunte Bltter auf Papier.
Ein junger Mann guckt sich am Abend den Himmel durch sein eigenes Teleskop an.
Ein Mann benutzt seinem Computer whrend er an seinem Schreibtisch sitzt.
Ein Motocross-Fahrer fhrt an einem sonnigen Tag auf einem Feldweg.
Der Mann fegt mit einem roten Besen.
Zwei Kinder, ein Junge und ein Mdchen, sind in der Luft ber einem Trampolin.
Ein groes Flugzeug wird gerade zusammengebaut.
Eine Dame bemalt viele Schachteln.
Eine groe Gruppe von Menschen hebt die Hnde bei einer Sitzung.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein Mdchen spielen mit Spielsachen neben einer Frau, die auf dem Boden liegt.
Der kleine Junge geniet die Gesellschaft seiner Eltern.
Mann fegt mit Zweigbndel Unrat von der Strae.
Ein Skateboarder in Bluejeans und einem grauen T-Shirt vollfhrt ein Kunststck an einer mit Graffiti besprhten Mauer.
Ein Mann wartet an einer Bushaltestelle neben einem mit Graffiti bedeckten Lastwagen.
Ein Mann fliegt ber einem Canyon durch die Luft.
Ein Mann lsst sich auf dem Wasser treiben und blickt dabei auf etwas Weies in seinen Hnden.
Die Kinder fahren mit einem Boot auf dem Wasser.
Ein Mann mit einem orientalischen Hut ist dabei, in einem blauen Hemd ein Feld zu pflgen.
Zwei Mdchen in Kostmen sitzen auf dem Gehweg.
Eine alte Frau in einem sonnendurchfluteten Raum wickelt Rohgarn zu Knuel, whrend die fertigen Garnknuel rechts neben ihr gestapelt sind.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen kauft Essen bei einem Verkufer.
Die drei Rockstars sind Mitglieder einer Band, die bei einem Konzert spielt, bei dem die Farben Rot und Schwarz vorherrschend sind.
Ein Footballspieler rennt in Richtung eines anderen Spielers.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Jacke lehnt sich in der Getrnkeabteilung eines Geschfts an ein Regal.
Ein Mann hlt einen Stock, whrend drei Hunde zusehen und hochspringen.
Drei Frauen arbeiten auf einem Feld, whrend vier Kinder und eine Dame, die ein Baby hlt, dabei zusehen.
Eine Frau in einem mehrfarbigen Shirt stellt eine Hngematte her.
Ein Mann in einem Pullover und Jeans spielt Gitarre, whrend eine Frau Schlagzeug spielt
Eine Nonne nimmt ein Foto im Freien auf.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Hemd schiebt ein Fahrrad, auf dem sich hinten eine groe Kiste befindet.
Ein Pilot reinigt ein Fenster des Flugzeugs.
Vier Mnner stehen im Freien an einem Brotstand, whrend einer von ihnen kostet.
Eine lchelnde Frau trgt zwei Krbe voller Waren an einer Bambusstange.
Eine Gruppe von Musicaldarstellern tritt auf und eine Menschenmenge umringt sie.
Zwei Mnner stellen in einem Land der Dritten Welt Kleidung her.
Der Hndler bereitet seinen Stand mit leckeren auslndischen Speisen vor, die an diesem Tag auf einem Freiluftmarkt verkauft werden sollen.
Ein Junge klettert auf einen Holzstapel, obwohl ein Schild es verbietet.
Eine Person mit einem Hut und einem lilafarbenen Pullover malt eine Hafenszene.
Zwei Kinder sind als Piraten verkleidet.
Eine Person duscht in einem dunklen Raum.
Zwei Kinder in Piratenkostmen kmpfen spielerisch mit ihren Schwertern.
Ein Pfarrer und ein kleines Mdchen im vorderen Teil der Kathedrale.
Ein Mann arbeitet an einem unfertigen Dach.
Mehrere Menschen mit Mopps stehen um zwei gelbe Wischeimer herum.
Ein Plsch-Cartoon-Maskottchen posiert mit einem jungen Mdchen.
Ein junger Skifahrer geniet die Skipiste mit dem Sessellift im Hintergrund.
Ein Snowboarder macht einen groen Sprung an einem hohen Berg und vollfhrt dabei ein Kunststck.
Da sind drei Chinesen, die beim Fischen eine Pause machen.
Die beiden Mdchen genieen das Rodeln im Schnee.
Ein brauner Hund und ein schwarzer Hund auf einem unbefestigten Weg.
Menschen gehen bei Nacht durch eine Strae in der Stadt.
Zwei Asiaten arbeiten am Rand einer Strae mit geparkten Autos.
Junges Paar heiratet umgeben von Bumen in einem Park.
Ein Asiate fhrt mit dem Fahrrad die Strae entlang, in der sich Blumen und andere Fahrzeuge befinden.
Ein Mdchen spielt in einem Haufen bunter Blle.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Hemd blickt eine Frau in einem mehrfarbigen Kleid an, whrend ein anderes Kind in die entgegengesetzte Richtung blickt.
Ein Mann trgt einen Anzug und fhrt einen Wagen.
Der Hund schlft auf dem Bett, das mit dem blauen Laken bedeckt ist.
Ein Boot namens ELOIN treibt auf dem Wasser.
Ein blondes Mdchen spielt auf einer lilafarbenen Flche mit Spielzeug.
Zwei Mdchen machen Yoga in einem Park.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem blauen Shirt betrachtet einen brchigen Ball, der an einem Seil hngt.
Ein alter Mann und eine junge Frau tanzen miteinander, whrend Zuschauer dabei zusehen.
Junge fhrt Skateboard vor hoher Betonstatue mit Bronzestatue darauf.
Ein Mann sitzt mit Angelruten an einem Gewsser.
Sieben Menschen, berwiegend in weien T-Shirts, tanzen in einem Raum mit einer roten Wand.
Ein Mann hlt ein Schild mit dem Angebot, ein Gedicht gegen ein Footballticket einzutauschen.
Ein dunkelhaariger Herr mit einem Schnauzer und einem Pullover drckt gleichzeitig Tasten an einem altmodischen Computermonitor und auf der Tastatur.
Ein Baby kaut auf einem Spielzeugkipper herum.
Ein Mann, der vor einem Hintergrund mit Flugzeugen E-Gitarre spielt.
Eine Frau in einer gelben Bluse rasiert den Kopf einer anderen.
Ein Mann blickt bedrckt nach unten, als er sieht, wie ein Groteil seiner Haare beim Friseur auf den Boden fllt.
Vier Menschen mit Schneeschuhen springen auf einem schneebedeckten Berg mit Bumen im Hintergrund in die Luft.
Ein Basketballspieler fhrt einen Freiwurf aus, whrend seine Teamkameraden und das gegnerische Team zusehen.
Ein Mann mit einer groen Bohrmaschine steht neben seiner Tochter, die einen Staubsaugerschlauch hlt.
Der Leadsnger einer Band hlt ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann trgt einen schwarzen Helm und steht auf einem schwarzen Skateboard.
Ein grimmig aussehender Mann mit ppigem Bart spielt Keyboard, whrend eine Bandkollegin Gitarre spielt.
Ein lterer Gitarrespieler ohne Hemd zeigt nach oben und schwitzt.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Trikot und ein Mann hilft dem Fahrradfahrer, whrend der Mann in der grauen Jacke zusieht.
Mann, der versucht, ein zgerndes Mdchen auf der Strae anzubaggern.
Ein Mdchen mit einem Bikini-Oberteil trgt ein Schild, das kostenlose Umarmungen verspricht.
Die stmmige Tnzerin schwenkt ihr Haar herum.
Ein Junge in Badehosen planscht in einem Swimmingpool.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau singen und spielen Instrumente auf einer Bhne.
Ein Junge springt mit einem Ball in der Hand in das Wasser.
Mnner in Arbeitskluft begutachten einen Ablaufbereich.
Ein blondes Mdchen posiert im Kerry Park in Seattle fr ein Foto.
Drei Mnner mit gelben Westen und Schutzhelmen in der Nhe des Wassers.
Ein Typ in einer orange-grau-blauen Jacke zieht einen Wagen vor einem Wandbild an einem Gebude einen Gehweg entlang.
Ein Mann in einem gestreiften Oberteil schreibt an eine Wandtafel.
Ein lterer Mann joggt auf einem Laufband, das von Life Fitness hergestellt wurde.
Dies knnte eine Jobbrse oder vielleicht ein Wahllokal sein.
Ein schwarzer Hund nhert sich einem goldfarbenen Hund an einem Kiesstrand.
Eine Frau in blauer Schneekleidung fhrt Ski, whrend sie einen Baum hinter sich herzieht.
Eine Frau auf Skiern fhrt einen Berg hoch und transportiert dabei eine Kiefer.
Der LKW-Fahrer hlt fr einen Fototermin an.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosafarbenen Schlafanzug spielt mit einem Spielzeughaus, whrend ihre Gromutter sie beaufsichtigt.
Eine Frau in bedruckter Kleidung trgt ein Tablett auf ihrem Kopf.
Eine Person in schmutzigen Kleidern behaut einen Stein und schreibt etwas auf Urdu
Die Silhouette einiger Menschen auf einem Pier zeichnet sich gegen den Sonnenuntergang ab.
Menschen erkunden eine Stadt und haben ihre Karten und Kameras herausgeholt.
Drei Streethockeyspieler bei einem Spiel.
Ein Mann, der einen Koffer hlt, geht allein in Richtung einer Rolltreppe in einem schwach beleuchteten Bereich.
Ein Hund springt ber die Stange.
Menschen, die Regenschirme ber ihre Kpfe halten, gehen einen Treppenaufgang neben einer Rolltreppe hinauf.
Eine Frau singt und spielt Gitarre.
Zwei Menschen sitzen mit ihrem Hund auf einer Bank an einem Gewsser.
Zwei Kinder liegen auf dem Boden und lcheln einander an.
Ein Junge mit einer roten Kappe ist von der Drehbewegung eines Spielplatzgerts merklich geschockt.
Ein Mann transportiert Rahmen auf die Strae.
Ein junger Afrikaner, der in jeder Hand einen Stift hlt, studiert ein Buch, whrend er an einem offenen Fenster sitzt.
Die Frau in den geblmten Hosen verrichtet Gartenarbeiten.
Ein gebckter Mann in einem Wald mit einem roten Hemd und Bluejeans zapft Bume zur Gewinnung von Ahornsirup an.
Viele Menschen fliegen mit bunten Drachen am Strand.
Die Frau in der blauen Jacke telefoniert mit dem Handy, whrend sie das Zapfventil einhngt.
Jemaine aus Flight of the Conchords unterrichtet Mathe in einem fremden Land.
Ein Maler sitzt auf einer Schaukel, damit er die Wnde eines Gebudes besser anstreichen kann.
Eine Teigrolle rollt gelb gewordenen Teig aus.
Ein magerer Typ isst ein Sandwich am Computer.
Frau in einer roten Jacke fegt die Strae.
Eine Gruppe junger Menschen trinkt an einer Bar.
Mitglieder der Heilsarmee stehen beieinander, whrend eines der Mitglieder ein Instrument hlt.
Zwei Hnde malen nur mit Farbe, kreisfrmigen Deckeln und den Fingerkuppen ein Bild.
Zwei kleine Jungen ringen in einem Sandkasten.
Ein Mann mit Weste und Krawatte spielt Gitarre auf einem Gehweg.
Ein Mann in Freizeitkleidung spielt Gitarre.
Die Gruppe arbeitet mit Mikroskopen und trgt saubere weie Kittel, Haarnetze und Gesichtsmasken.
Drei Menschen sitzen in warmer Kleidung auf einem Sofa in einem Haus und die lteste Person verdeckt den beiden jngeren Kindern die Augen.
Ein Mann mit einem hellbraunen Hut und Jacke fischt in einem grnen Gewsser.
Mdchen auf rosafarbenem Skateboard trgt schwarze Jacke
Ein Cellospieler und ein Geiger bereiten sich in einem eleganten Raum auf ihren Auftritt vor.
Die Nahaufnahme eines weien Hundes, der aus einer Leitung trinkt.
Die Angelrute einer Frau ist nach unten gebogen, whrend sie in einem Boot auf dem Meer steht.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Anzug und Hut hlt Garn in der Hand.
Ein Arbeiter arbeitet mit einem Presslufthammer an Felsblcken von einem Berg und in der Nhe parkt ein Kipplastwagen.
Ein Bauarbeiter grbt ein Loch in die Strae, whrend ein anderer Mann zusieht.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen fhrt eine Achterbahn hinunter, die Cyclone zu heien scheint.
Mitglieder einer Baukolonne diskutieren ein Problem mit dem Management.
Zwei Bauarbeiter in orangen Westen fahren in einem Gert.
Erwachsener Mann bt Kunststcke mit dem Skateboard in einem Skatepark.
Ein Mann in einer Gasse macht sich bereit, jemandem ber ihm einen Gegenstand zuzuwerfen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen trommelt und sitzt dabei in einem Kreis in einer Turnhalle.
Ein verletzter Footballspieler auf Krcken, der rot-wei-blaue Spielkleidung trgt, blickt zum Himmel.
Menschen gehen an alten weien Mauern mit grauen Quadraten vorber.
Zwei Frauen fllen Wrapper, whrend ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt zusieht.
Ein Hund rennt durch das Gras.
Zwei Typen in einem fremden Land grillen, whrend um sie herum Menschen gehen.
Ein junger Mann sieht Fotos auf seinem Computer an und sitzt dabei an einem Schreibtisch.
Ein kleines Mdchen lehnt ber einem niedrigen Zaun und betrachtet eingehend eine Kuh.
Ein Mann lehnt sich in einem Stuhl zurck, trinkt Limonade und isst.
Zwei Mnner, von denen einer John McCain ist, und eine Frau sitzen in roten Rollensthlen bei einem weien Schild mit einem blauen D und der Zahl 5 darauf.
Ein einzelner Bodyboarder mit einem lteren Mann im Hintergrund
Ein Mann mit Brille in einem braunen Hemd spricht, whrend ein Mann mit Brille in einem grauen Hemd zuhrt.
Mann in Shorts und T-Shirt ist im Begriff, ein Crosstrainer-Fitnessgert zu verwenden.
Zwei Mnner, die zusammen bei einer Talkshow sind, sitzen auf roten Sthlen.
Ein Mann malt eine Stadtszene in leuchtenden Farben.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf einer Strae mit hoch aufragenden Gebuden auf beiden Seiten.
Menschen gehen an einem schnen Tag durch San Francisco.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht ein albernes Gesicht, whrend sie im Freien einen Pokal hlt.
Blick von oben auf einen Kletterer mit gelbem Schutzhelm inmitten des Aufstiegs.
Mdchen mit langem schwarzen Haar und weiem Helm giet Wasser aus einem schwarzen Kessel in Becher.
Ein Einkaufszentrum mit vielen Menschen.
Zwei Kinder schippen Schnee und eines davon sitzt neben dem Schneehaufen
Hnde mit lackierten Fingerngeln schrauben Nagellack auf.
Ein Mann in blauer Kleidung kocht und ist dabei von Tellern mit Gemse umgeben.
Ein Bowlingspieler ist im Begriff, eine grne Bowlingkugel die Bahn hinunterzuwerfen.
Zwei Menschen fegen in einem Gebude mit Sulen, auf denen Bilder sind.
Eine schne Ballerina, um deren Krper eine Weihnachtsbeleuchtung gewickelt ist.
Eine Ballerina in grnblauer Kleidung vollfhrt whrend ihrer Darbietung einen Sprung.
Eine Frau und ein Mann spielen eine Partie Bowling
Ein schwarzer Hund auf einem Kai ist im Begriff, einem Ball hinterher in das Wasser zu springen
Ein schwarzer Hund an einer Leine geht im Wasser
Eine Wissenschaftlerin und ein Wissenschaftler blicken zusammen in einem Labor voll mit Pflanzen in ein Buch.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd sitzt bei einer Frau in einer blauen Bluse.
Ein junger Mann entfernt mit einem Laubblser die Herbstbltter vom Gelnde.
Eine Person mit einer groen Brille liest ein Buch mit orangem Einband.
Fnf Menschen in Blau rechen Gras vor einem weien Gebude mit einem blauen Balkon.
Eine Gruppe von Touristen macht eine Fahrt mit einer Pferdekutsche.
Ein Kind hpft auf einer Konstruktion, die mit weichem Material bedeckt ist.
Eine alte Frau mit einem Sonnenhut und rosafarbener Bluse begutachtet ein grasbewachsenes, sumpfiges Feld.
Zwei kleine Jungen machen ein Wettrennen, whrend ein kleines Mdchen zusieht.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille macht ein Foto
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf dem Boden und versucht, seine Stiefel auszuziehen.
Frau mit bauschiger Jacke betrachtet Suppenartikel in einem Lebensmittelgeschft.
Eine Gruppe von mnnlichen jungen Erwachsenen spielt Monopoly.
Eine Frau bedient einen Grill mit etwas Fleisch darauf
Menschen grillen Essen an einem sonnigen Tag, whrend andere Menschen in der Nhe stehen.
Ein Mann in einem blauen T-Shirt leitet Kinder an.
Ein Mann sitzt da und bohrt ein Loch in eine Glasflasche.
Eine Frau mit kurzem Haar und ein Kind sitzen da, whrend das Kind ein Geschenk ffnet.
Ein Mann mit einem Bart und einer Weste dekoriert seinen Kaminsims zu Weihnachten mit Strmpfen.
Ein Typ, der ein Computerteil repariert, dreht sich zu demjenigen um, der das Foto aufnimmt.
Zwei Menschen gehen in entgegengesetzte Richtungen ber eine Backsteinstrae.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Schutzbrille arbeitet an einem einfachen wissenschaftlichen Projekt.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt vor einem Weihnachtsbaum mit einer gelben Schaufel.
Vier Menschen in Rettungswesten treiben auf einem Flo.
Zwei Frauen stehen an einem Wintertag drauen in der Natur.
Eine Frau mit Geschirr im Schutt.
Drei Frauen ruhen sich an einem Tisch mit blauen Servietten und Wasserkrgen aus.
lterer Herr mit langem Haar spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Eine dunkelhaarige Person in einem gelben Oberteil sitzt an etwas, das wie ein groer Flgel aussieht.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer braunen Jacke spielt Klavier.
Ein Mann in einem kurzrmeligen Karohemd und hellbraunen Hosen springt vor in Nebel gehllten Bergen hoch in die Luft.
Zwei braune Pferde ziehen einen Schlitten durch den Schnee.
Ein blondes Baby sieht einem dunkelhaarigen Baby zu, wie es auf einem blauen Spielzeug herumkaut.
Eine Frau schnallt ein schlecht gelauntes Kind in einem Autositz an.
Eine Gruppe unterschiedlicher Menschen sitzt auf den Stufen und der halbhohen Mauer vor einer Schule.
Zwei Mnner schieen Fublle an einem Strand.
Eine Asiatin mittleren Alters zeigt dem Publikum bei einer Veranstaltung ein rotes Korsett.
Ein Bauarbeiter steht auf einem Holzbalken und blickt nach unten.
Eine Gruppe frhlicher Menschen lchelt fr ein Foto in einem Restaurant
Eine Gruppe von Menschen trinkt Kaffee und arbeitet dabei ein wenig.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil springt an einem sonnigen Tag in die Luft.
Viele Mnner in Lila spielen Trompete.
Ein Mann in einem weien Coca-Cola-T-Shirt und Schiebermtze hrt einer Band zu.
Eine Gruppe sitzt auf einem grasbewachsenen Hgel und ruht sich aus.
Eine barfige Frau in Trainingskleidung springt in die Luft, whrend sich hinter ihr andere, hnlich gekleidete Menschen befinden.
Ein lchelndes kleines Kind trgt ein Kostm.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Elefanten im Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge sieht sich eine Auslage mit Gummienten an.
Zwei Menschen gehen auf einem Weg mit einer Stadt in der Ferne.
Der kleine Junge geht den Hgel hinunter, whrend eine ltere Frau zusieht
Kleiner weier Junge mit Sonnenbrille steht in einem Feld mit weien Blumen und hlt einen Fuball.
Ein Polizist auf einem Motorrad redet mit zwei Mnnern auf einer kopfsteingepflasterten Strae.
Ein Junge in einem schwarz-blauen Schneeanzug und Schneeschuhen liegt im Schnee.
Zwei Menschen, die sich gegen den hellen Himmel abzeichnen.
Dieses Mdchen singt vor vielen Menschen in einem hbschen, modischen Kleid.
Ein Mann und drei Jungen sitzen auf einer Parkbank
Ein schattenhafter Mann blickt auf die weit entfernten Berge.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen mit bunten Spielzeuglastwagen auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau in lilafarbener Kleidung geht mit einer weien Tasche den Gehweg entlang.
Die Teilnehmer eines Fitnesskurses fahren auf Ergometern.
Ein Mann in einem lila-weien Trikot hilft einem Mann in einem Unterhemd beim Training.
Ein Elternteil rasiert sich das Gesicht, whrend ein Kind mit dessen Haaren herumspielt.
Ein Mann malt eine Szene mit einem See und Bootsfahrern, whrend ein anderer Mann zusieht.
Zwei Hunde beien einander im Schnee.
Ein lterer Mann siebt Wasser durch seine Finger, whrend ein kleines Kind vom Wasser aus zusieht.
Eine Reklametafel wirbt in einer heruntergekommenen Strae fr eine Urlaubsreise.
Eine Gruppe von Reitern reitet einen unbefestigten Weg entlang.
Drei Personen steigen auf Skiern einen Berg hinauf.
Ein Snowboarder, der eine orange Jacke und eine himmelblaue Tasche trgt, folgt einer bereits vorhandenen Spur.
Ein Mann schiebt ein kleines Mdchen auf einem Roller.
Zwei Mnner reinigen die Fenster eines hohen Gebudes
Ein junger Mann, der bei Nacht Snowboard fhrt, befindet sich mitten im Sprung von einer selbstgebauten Sprungschanze und macht dabei ein Kunststck.
Ein Mann in einem Badezimmer blickt in den Spiegel und trgt Rasiercreme auf.
Ein Skater grindet vor einem sdlndischen Geschft einen Handlauf hinunter, whrend drei Schaulustige zusehen.
Zwei junge Damen in einer Bar stoen mit Wein an.
Vier Balletttnzerinnen in schwarzen Kostmen treten auf einer Bhne auf.
Ein Mann in einer orangen Jacke fllt einen schneebedeckten Hang hinunter.
Zwei warm gekleidete Menschen sind dabei, bei einem Lagerfeuer im Schnee Tee zu kochen.
Drei Menschen gehen durch den Schnee.
Ein kleiner Junge steht in der Tr eines Vans.
Ein wei-rotes Schiff voll mit Menschen schwimmt auf dem Wasser, whrend eine Reihe weiterer Menschen auf dem Weg an Bord sind.
Ein schwarzer Hund taucht aus einem roten Tunnel auf.
Eine starke Frau in einem blauen Shirt hebt Gewichte mit einem Gert.
Eine Frau bei einem Sprung in einer wstenhnlichen Gegend.
Eine Menschenmenge steht mit Jacken und Regenschirmen im Freien, weil es regnet.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd mit einem Hund neben sich spricht mit einem Mdchen ohne Hemd, das auf einer Bank lmmelt.
Eine Hand, die aus dem rmel eines schwarzen Pullovers ragt, mischt mit einer Gabel ein Ei in eine Vertiefung im Mehl.
Ein Kind zieht ein Spielzeug durch einen Brunnen, whrend andere Kinder und Personen zusehen.
Drei Mnner stehen auf einem Polizeiboot, wobei sich hinter ihnen viele Steine befinden.
Eine Dame trgt an einem Schminktisch schwarzen Nagellack auf.
Ein junger Mann in einem roten Gewand lchelt.
Gruppe von Mnnern aus dem Nahen Osten verkauft Plunder auf der Strae.
Ein Typ mit langem Haar und einem Weinglas steht bei zwei anderen Mnnern.
Kleiner Junge in blau gestreiftem T-Shirt kommt eine groe Rutsche herunter.
Ein brauner Hund springt hoch und blickt dabei auf einen Fuball.
Vier ltere Mnner spielen Poker auf einer Terrasse.
Ein Mann mit groem Maurerdekollet zerstt aus unbekannten Grnden einen Stein.
Ein Kind mit einer leuchtend bunten Mtze begutachtet seinen Schneeengel
Ein lterer Mann verwendet ein Mikroskop, um eine feinere Holzbearbeitung zu ermglichen.
Ein Mann legt Gras auf einen Wagen, der von einem Rasenmher gezogen wird.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blondem Haar nimmt ein Bad in einer kleinen blauen Wanne.
Eine Band spielt Musik auf einer lichterfllten Bhne.
Ein Mann in einer braunen Jacke sitzt da und arbeitet an einem detailreichen Gemlde.
Drei Menschen stehen an einer Ladentheke.
Zwei junge Mdchen sitzen auf dem Boden und fertigen etwas aus Stroh, whrend ein kleiner Junge zwischen ihnen sitzt.
Mann springt am Straenrand neben einem Auto voll mit Freunden in die Luft.
Ein Typ lchelt mit einem Stab in einer Farbdose.
Vier Typen in weier Kleidung in einem Studio.
Ein kleines Kind steht ohne Hemd in einem dunklen Wald und hlt schtzend einen kleinen Vogel in den Hnden.
Der Hund steht in der Nhe des Meeres im Sand.
Ein Junge steht vor einem Schrottplatz, auf dem sich Metallschrott und ein beschdigtes Auto befinden.
Eine Frau zeigt auf ein Kunstwerk unter einer Glasabdeckung.
Ein Junge in einem Basketballtrikot und kurzen schwarzen Turnhosen steht auf einem Bein auf einer Strae.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern spielt Fuball in der Wste.
Eine junge Frau in Blau trgt eine Kiste in einem kargen Raum.
Ein sehr kleines Mdchen sitzt in einem Einkaufswagen in der Nhe der Feinkosttheke eines Lebensmittelgeschfts.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt vor dem Weihnachtsbaum mit einem Spielzeug-Tintenfisch.
Drei Kinder spielen mit einer Gruppe von Enten.
Drei Menschen spielen im Schnee mit einem Wald im Hintergrund.
Ein Snger tritt mit seinen Bandkollegen auf, die Gitarre und Keyboard spielen.
Ein Junge mit einem Ruder geht durch die Brandung zum Strand.
Eine Frau fhrt einen Freiwurf bei einem Basketballspiel aus.
Zwei Kinder hpfen auf einem Bett, wobei sich das kleine Mdchen in schwarzen Hosen mitten im Sprung befindet.
Eine Frau posiert mit einer Trollstatue fr Fotos.
Eine Gruppe von Hipstern auf der Bowlingbahn scheint auf schockierende Nachrichten zu reagieren.
Zwei Frauenbasketballteams beobachten voller Spannung, wie sich der Ball dem Korb nhert.
Drei Menschen stehen vor einem Fluss bei einer Stadt, whrend einer davon etwas hineinwirft.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen hngt kopfber in einer Achterbahn.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Menschen fhrt mit einem Kanu auf einem Fluss.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen fhrt in einem Pferdewagen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem Poloshirt isst etwas.
Ein brauner Hund springt in einen Teich.
Eine Frau und Kinder stehen neben einem groen Feuerwehrauto.
Ein gut gekleideter Mann hlt ein Saxophon und luft vor einem Klavier herum.
Ein junges Mdchen mit einer blauen Skimtze und einer zweifarbigen rot-grauen Jacke steht zwischen zwei Eisstcken.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit geschminktem Gesicht rennt durch einen Garten.
Auf einem atemberaubend blauen tropischen Meer sitzt ein Mann in seinem Boot und befestigt sein Fischernetz.
Zwei Menschen graben bei einer Reihe von Booten im Boden.
Es sieht so aus, als wre das Mdchen beim Shopping gewesen und htte etwas bei AVEDA gekauft.
Ein Mann geht mit seinem Hund auf einem Fugngerberweg spazieren.
Fnf Menschen arbeiten entlang der Kste in einem asiatischen Land.
Eine Person steht vor einem Fliegerdenkmal.
Vier oder fnf Ballerinas fhren auf der Bhne eine Tanzdarbietung fr die Massen auf.
Groer Hund versucht, einen kleinen Hund zu beien
Menschen stehen am Wasser, whrend ein Boot in ihre Richtung fhrt
Ein unerschrockenes Cowgirl reitet einen Mustang beim Rodeo.
Zwei Herren betrachten ihre Kulturpflanzen am Rand eines bewaldeten Gebiets.
Zwei kleine Jungen beobachten jemanden auf einem Skateboard.
Eine Sprecherin hlt eine Rede am SVA Theatre.
Eine Frau und ein Cockerspaniel spielen im Schnee.
Ein Junge mit einem roten Helm schlgt einen Ball mit einem Schlger.
Einem Kind wird von einem Erwachsenen beigebracht, wie man auf einem Schaf reitet.
Inmitten der Bume und Bsche wurde ein Zeltplatz errichtet.
Ein Mann in einem grauen T-Shirt mht den Rasen, whrend sein Sohn mit einem Spielzeug-Rasenmher das Gleiche macht.
Eine Person mit einer Gesichtsmaske, Handschuhen und einer hellbraunen Jacke liegt auf einem schneebedeckten Gelnde.
Ein junges Mdchen und ein Junge auf einem Fahrgeschft in einem Vergngungspark.
Person geht durch den Schnee, kahle Bume im Hintergrund
Eine Frau und ein Mann an einer Selbstausleihestation.
Zwei kleine Jungen in einem Kanu paddeln den Fluss entlang.
Zwei Frauen reiten ber einen grasbewachsenen Hgel.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem Fahrrad die Strae entlang, whrend eine andere in einem Boot auf dem Wasser sitzt.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen im Freien um eine rote Frisbeescheibe.
Eine Gruppe von jungen Erwachsenen kommt zusammen, um komplett mit Schlagzeug und Gitarre einen Song zu spielen.
Ein kleiner Junge schlft in einem Einkaufswagen ein.
Eine Frau mit Ohrenschtzern hlt eine Zeitung, auf deren Deckblatt real change steht.
Ein Feld von Radfahrern fhrt eine dicht mit Husern bebaute Strae entlang.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen blicken auf ein blaues Nintendo DS-Videospiel.
Eine Frau, die in ein seltsames Kleid gehllt ist, liest dem Publikum etwas vor.
Zwei Menschen fischen auf einem Kai mit einer langen geschwungenen Brcke im Hintergrund.
Ein Bauarbeiter fgt Metallrohre zusammen.
Eine Person in Schneeschuhen steht im Schnee an einem Bach.
Ein Typ fhrt bei einem Wettkampf auf seinem Quad.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre auf einer Bhne mit heller Beleuchtung hinter sich.
Bei einem Eishockeyspiel spielt das weie Team gegen das schwarze Team.
Kleines Mdchen in Jeans und rosafarbenem Shirt watet die Kste entlang.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in hnlicher Kleidung wartet.
Ein Mann mit einem Hut und Schrze kostet eine siedende Suppe.
Ein Mann streicht die Verkleidung eines zuvor beigen Gebudes wei an.
Ein kleiner schwarzer Hund jagt ein groes Tier in einem eingezunten Bereich.
Eine Frau schwingt bei der Ernte auf einem Feld mhsam eine Hacke.
Ein junges asiatisches Mdchen in einem trgerlosen Oberteil hlt ihre Kamera von sich weg, um ein Foto mit ihrer Freundin aufzunehmen, die das Peace-Zeichen macht.
Eine rothaarige Frau blickt am Kameramann vorbei.
Ein Mdchen in einem roten Trgershirt und Jeans schlft auf einem braunen Sofa.
Ein Mdchen steht neben einem liegenden Hund, whrend es an einem Zaun lehnt und auf dem schmutzigen Boden steht.
Ein Typ in einem Morgenrock sitzt lchelnd am Rand eines Whirlpools.
Eine sehr schwach aussehende Frau hlt einen Topf und ein paar Zweige ber ihrem Kopf.
Ein normal groes Pferd und sein Reiter fhren ein kleines Pferd und seinen Reiter durch die Stallungen.
Ein Kind blickt auf einem Boot durch ein Fernglas, whrend seine kleine Schwester neben ihm wartet.
Ein Mdchen, das ber seine Schulter blickt, liegt in einem Bett aus Blumen an einer Strae.
Zwei Frauen mit bedecktem Haar unterhalten sich in einer Kche.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem weien Rock, schwarzen Stiefeln und einer grau-grnen Jacke trgt eine rote Tasche auf dem Gehweg.
Zwei als Tiere verkleidete Menschen in der Nhe einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Junge in Schwarz winkt mit den Armen, whrend sich andere Menschen hinter ihm auf einem Feld aufhalten.
Zwei Frauen in Rcken gehen zusammen die Strae entlang
Ein junger Mann ohne Hemd, der unter einer lilafarbenen Beleuchtung steht, zeigt mit beiden Hnden zum Himmel, whrend er in einer Hand ein Mikrofon hlt.
Ein entlanggehender Mann wischt den Boden am Flughafen.
Der schwarze Hund und der braune Hund scheinen miteinander zu ringen.
Ein junges Mdchen treibt in einem Metallzuber auf einem Gewsser und hlt dabei eine Schlange.
Ein schwarzer Hund ist gerade eine blau-orange Rampe heruntergerannt.
Gruppe von Langlufern wandert einen Berg hoch.
Zwei Menschen mit Skiern, blauen Jacken und Ruckscken stehen in der Nhe einer Markierung im Schnee auf einem Berg.
Ein kleines Kind hngt mit dem Kopf nach unten auf dem Spielplatz
Ein braun-weier Sheltie springt ber eine Stange.
Kleines Kind spielt mit einem Fuball auf grasbewachsenem Gelnde.
Hier werden Soldaten in einem Fahrzeug zu irgendeinem Ort transportiert, sie sind von anderen Soldaten und Ausrstung umgeben.
Ein Junge in einem grauen Jogginganzug packt ein DVD-Spiel aus.
Zwei Kinder auf einer aufblasbaren Riesenrutsche.
Ein Mann in einem Morgenrock macht Seifenblasen in einer Badewanne.
Eine Frau mit Brille sitzt auf einer Schaukel auf einem Spielplatz mit vielen Bumen.
Drei Menschen fahren mit ihren Fahrrdern auf einem Gehweg.
Ein Mdchen in einem Pullover bei einem Tempel mit unterschiedlichen Pflanzen.
Ein Mann spricht in einer Kunstgalerie in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei Mnner reiten auf Pferden und jagen einer Kuh in einer Holzarena hinterher.
Vier Mnner zeigen eine musikalische Darbietung vor einem Gebude.
Eine Menschenmenge sieht einer Musikband zu, die sich unter einem Zelt befindet.
Fnf Menschen sitzen zusammen und spielen Instrumente.
Eine Asiatin bemalt ein Stck Holz.
Zwei Typen mit Schneeschuhen sind auf dem Weg durch den Wald.
Zwei Mnner, die beide Cowboyhte und Ponchos tragen, reiten auf Pferden und verfolgen eine Kuh.
Drei Mnner auf Pferden verfolgen einen Stier in einer Arena.
Ein mnnlicher Teenager in einem grnen Schneeanzug springt ber eine Reihe von Stromleitungen, whrend zwei Frauen zusehen.
Ein Mann in einem braun karierten Hemd hlt seine Hnde an einen Autoscheinwerfer.
Ein Typ springt von einem Kai in ein Gewsser.
Ein Postmitarbeiter hlt eine Handvoll zuzustellender Postsendungen.
Vier Musiker spielen ihre Instrumente auf der Strae, whrend ein junger Mann auf einem Fahrrad danebensteht, um ihnen zuzuhren.
Drei Mnner mit Trommeln und Ttowierungen stehen bei einem Typen, der Dudelsack spielt.
Ein brtiger Mann spielt Schlagzeug in der Abenddmmerung und ein Mann, der hinter ihm sitzt, spielt auf einer E-Gitarre.
Eine Frau steht erhht auf einer Mlltonne und fotografiert.
Ein Mann mit Schneeschuhen geht neben kleinen orangen Fhnchen einen Hgel hinunter.
Menschen in einer schneereichen Gegend machen sich bereit, Speisen von Tellern zu essen.
Eine Parade von Mnnern, die rot-gelbe Fahnen halten und sie stolz schwenken.
Gruppe von Menschen, die auf einer Wiese stehen oder sitzen.
Mdchen in blauen Kleidern halten ein dnnes, langes blaues Gewebe, whrend ein Mdchen lchelt und auf die Kamera zeigt.
Eine Frau geht auf dem Gehweg an mit Graffiti besprhten Wnden entlang.
Polizei und Feuerwehr besprechen, was mit dem im Schnee liegenden umgestrzten SUV geschehen soll.
Eine blonde Frau mit Pferdeschwanz und ein grauhaariger Mann unterhalten sich, whrend sie im Auenbereich eines Restaurants sitzen.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke, der sich an einem klaren, sonnigen Tag vor einem See oder einem groen Fluss postiert hat, lchelt in die Kamera.
Mnner bereiten ein Segelschiff an einem Kai vor.
Eine Frau mit Rollschuhen, Helm und Schutzpolstern springt in die Luft.
Ein Mann in blauem Hemd und Hosen steht vor einem groen Schild, das einen Yak zeigt.
Zwei Menschen in einem Boot, der eine in einem roten und der andere in einem grnen Shirt, beobachten das Flussufer, whrend sie daran entlangrudern.
Mann hlt drei brennende Stcke, whrend er in der Nhe eines Spielplatzes steht.
Der Typ hlt einen schwarzen Stock vor einem Spielplatz.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen, das eine hinter dem anderen.
Ein junges Mdchen macht ein Kunststck in der Luft vor einem Baum.
Ein Mann sttzt einen Jungen beim Spielen auf dem Spielplatz.
Ein Hund versucht, mit einem ihm zugeworfenen Ball zu spielen.
Kind in blauer Badehose planscht in blauem Kinderpool
Ein kleiner Junge klettert auf einen groen weien schlafenden Hund.
Ein Mann im mittleren Alter mit einem braunen Hut beobachtet einen Freiluftmarkt.
Zwei Eiskunstlufer, ein kniender Mann in einer schwarzen Weste und eine Frau in einem glnzenden goldenen Kleid, wirbeln zusammen auf dem Eis herum.
Der kleine Junge in Rot springt in die Pftze.
Eine Gruppe von fnf Kindern in Winterkleidung spielt im Schnee.
Ein Mann in Jeans liegt auf dem Holzboden.
Eine Frau in einem Trgershirt und ein Mann mit lockigem Haar spielen Gitarre und singen in Mikrofone.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt mit dem Skateboard einen Sims hinunter, neben dem sich Treppenstufen befinden.
Ein Mann in einer wasserdichten gelben Jacke und sein Begleiter in einem Boot auf offenem Wasser.
Bitte helfen Sie meiner Familie hier in Kenia.
Zwei Mnner in Overalls graben ein Loch mit einer Schaufel und irgendeiner Maschine.
Ein junges Mdchen in einer blau-grnen Jacke fhrt Schlitten.
Ein Mann und seine Shne sind an ein kleines Wasserbecken gekommen.
Ein Mdchen taucht in einem ffentlichen Schwimmbad und geniet das Wasser.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem grnen T-Shirt hlt einen Fuball, whrend es im grnen Gras steht.
Ein Mann mit Brille steht vor einem schneebedeckten Berg.
Ein Mann mit Baskenmtze und schwarzer Brille schrammelt in den Straen einer stdtischen Gegend frhlich auf seinem Cello.
Mutter und Kind gehen in gemchlichem Tempo den Pfad entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen setzt seinen Fu auf den Boden, um das Gleichgewicht zu halten, whrend sie mit ihrem Fahrrad durch den Park fhrt.
Kleine Kinder spielen auf einer grnen Wiese.
Ein Mdchen mit einer hlzernen Schleuder steht bei der Baumreihe und zieht das Band an der Schleuder nach hinten.
Ein Kind mitten in der Luft auf einer Sprung-Attraktion bei einem Jahrmarkt.
Mnner in khakifarbener Kleidung halten einen Mann an den Armen.
Mnner mit Bltterkronen stehen in einem Regenguss.
Eine Mutter hilft ihrer kleinen Tochter an einem sonnigen Tag auf der Piste mit ihren Skiern.
Zwei Mnner boxen in einem Ring, whrend ein Boxer dem anderen einen Schlag versetzt.
Zwei Menschen lcheln in die Kamera, whrend sie auf Skiern einen schneebedeckten Berg hochfahren.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt auf einer Halfpipe, whrend Menschen dabei zusehen.
Ein Junge mit einer gelben Kappe und einem T-Shirt, auf dem Elmo steht, zeigt auf seine Stirn.
Ein Erwachsener und ein Kind mit Skiausrstung im Schnee.
Diese beiden Menschen verwenden die Ruder, um auf dem Meer zu navigieren.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern macht bungen in einer Turnhalle.
Ein kleiner Junge fhrt auf seinem Skateboard und setzt zu einem Flip an.
Zwei Mnner fechten einen Kampf in einem Boxring aus.
Ein kleines asiatisches Mdchen gleitet an einem Spielplatzgert im Freien eine Stange hinunter.
Ein Musiker inmitten einer groen Menschenmenge.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Kleid mit roten Blumen blst in eine Pfeife.
Ein kleiner Junge hat seinen Zeigefinger im Mund.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Regenjacke fischt whrend eines Regengusses.
Junger Mann fhrt an einem sonnigen Tag mit dem Skateboard auf einer Strae.
Ein Mann mit Eiskletterausrstung klettert ber eine Eisflche.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf einem Berg im Schnee.
Ein junges Mdchen mit langem braunem Haar und einem roten Schlitten spielt im Schnee.
Verschiedene Menschen auf einem Pier blicken ber das Meer.
Ein aufgeregtes Mdchen in einem leuchtend pinkfarbenen T-Shirt wird von einem anderen Mdchen in einem hellrosa T-Shirt beobachtet.
Ein Kleinbauer pflgt sein Feld mithilfe zweier Ochsen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Felsen hoch oben in den Bergen.
Ein Mann in Grau auf einer Felsenklippe blickt ber die Berge.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt in einem Bus und blickt hinaus in die Landschaft.
Ein unschuldiges Kind erkundet, was die Natur zu bieten hat
Zwei Mnner mit orangen Sicherheitshelmen inspizieren den Stumpf eines krzlich gefllten Baumes.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt im Gras und bewundert eine winzige Pflanze.
Zwei Jungen versuchen, eine Banane und einen Apfel auf dem Sofa zu essen, werden jedoch durch ihre Verwunderung abgelenkt.
Ein Mdchen sitzt bei einer Party bei einem Typen auf dem Scho.
Eine Frau in oranger Arbeitskleidung neben einer groen blauen Mlltonne hilft einem Mann, Schmutz und Wasser in eine Handschaufel zu kehren.
Ein Mann kehrt im Freien, whrend er ein Baby in einer Halterung auf seinem Rcken trgt.
Ein Body Modifier geniet ein Bier, whrend er sich an einem schnen sonnigen Tag entspannt.
DJs albern fr die Kamera herum.
Eine Marschkapelle bt drauen auf einem Feld.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem braunen Shirt spielt Gitarre.
Kinder spielen 3 gegen 3 Tischtennis in einer Turnhalle.
Zwei Mnner spielen ein Doppel-Tennismatch.
Ein rotes Rennauto mit einem Fahrer in einem himmelblauen Helm auf der Rennstrecke.
Eine Person mit einer schwarzen Jacke springt in den Schnee.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit langem schwarzen Haar klettert auf ein Spielplatzgert mit Seilen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau nehmen Boxstellung ein, um mit ihrem Training zu beginnen.
Eine Gruppe von Tnzern in schwarzen Hosen, Trgershirts und schwarzen Hten tanzt und hlt dabei Stcke in die Luft, wobei das rechte Bein jeweils leicht ausgestreckt ist.
Ein Mann hlt ein Mikrofon und bedeckt die Augen mit der Hand
Eine Familie, die sich im Schnee an den Hnden hlt, hinter einem Mann und seinem Sohn, der eine blaue Jacke trgt.
Zwei Mdchen mit Schwimmringen springen in dunkles Wasser.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Kleid und Absatzschuhen hlt ein Baby in einem pinkfarbenen Kleid, whrend sie durch eine Glasschiebetr starrt.
Ein Mann bestimmt whrend einer Schneeschuhwanderungen, einem jungen Paar Baumarten.
Ein rausgeputztes asiatisches Mdchen trgt einen Camelbak und Wanderschuhe beim Ausfhren ihres Hunds in einem verschneiten Wald.
Zwei kleine Jungen rollen mit Stofngern.
Ein Jogger und sein Hund rennen auf einen Feuerwehrwagen mit ausgefahrener Leiter auf einer Strae zu.
Zwei Damen joggen auf einem Weg in der Nhe des Ufers.
Ein etwa 13 jhriger Junge spielt im Schnee und hat einen Schneeschuh auf seinem Bein, er rennt .
Auf diesem Foto werden Leute fr ihren Mut geehrt.
Ein Junge in einer orangen Jacke kriecht durch einen Spieltunnel.
Eine Frau kocht an einer offenen Feuerstelle.
Eine Gruppe afrikanischer Kinder zeigt Symbole, die auf einer Tafel geschrieben sind, in der Mitte eines schmutzigen Felds.
Ein Junge schiet einen Ball im Wohnzimmer.
Ein Mann ist an die Spitze einer roten Ampel geklettert und berhrt das Licht.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt Absprungtricks auf einer Rampe vor.
Eine junge Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse liest ein Buch in einem Flugzeug.
Ein Junge in einem roten Hemd steht auf einem Hausdach whrend ein anderes Kind von unten zuschaut.
Eine von Kopf bis Fu in dunkel blauer Kleidung, mit einer Maske und Weste, verhllte Person hlt ein dnnes Schwert in der Hand.
Einige Leute spielen Volleyball.
Ein Labortechniker schaut in einem Labor durch ein Mikroskop.
Ein Kind in einem roten Hemd erstellt eine Steinausstellung.
Drei ltere Frauen stoppen um sich eine Ausstellung in einem Museum anzusehen.
Ein Wissenschaftler schaut durch ein Mikroskop.
Eine junge Dame reitet ein braun-weies Pferd.
Viele Zuschauer beobachten farben prchtige Heiluftballons in der Ferne.
Ein kleiner Junge betrachtet einen weit entfernten Gegenstand durch ein Fernglas whrend ein kleines Mdchen daneben steht und zuschaut.
Leute halten eine Leine, wenn der Heiluftballon aufgeblasen wird.
Groe Familiengruppen versammeln sich in einem Auenhof um fr Regen zu beten.
Der kleine Junge trgt weie Shorts.
Ein Snowboarder in einem roten Anzug fhrt eine schneebedeckte Piste herunter.
Eine Frau in einem schulterlosen Top tanzt vor einer Band.
Eine Gruppe junger Leute hat es sich an einem heien Tag in einem Park mit einem Springbrunnen bequem gemacht.
Ein brtiger Mann mit einem roten Stirnband und einer Lederweste lchelt.
Ein Junge springt in einen Swimmingpool und zeigt das Friedenszeichen in die Kamera.
Eine Frau in einem Handtuch ruht sich in einer Sauna aus.
Eine Frau mit einer Handtasche steht auf einer Strae neben einem Mann, der an einer Wand lehnt.
Ein Cowboy hlt halt sich an dem Pferd fest.
Zwei Chirurgen untersuchen einen Patienten.
Ein halbwchsiger Junge fhrt auf einem grnen Schlitten einen schneebedeckten Hang herunter.
Ein Skifahrer lehnt sich zu einer Seite um seine Ski in den Schnee zu stecken.
Leute richten sich ein um mit ihren Gewehren zu schieen.
Ein Junge in einem langrmigen Hemd schaut von einem offenen Weg ber dem Erdboden in die Kamera.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem altmodischen Wagen.
Ein Monstertruck fliegt vor einer Arena mit vielen Zuschauern durch die Luft.
Ein Mann hat sich geschminkt.
Ein Keyboardspieler und eine Sngerin teilen sich ein Mikrofon whrend ein zweiter Mann zuschaut.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper arbeitet auf einer Dachspitze.
Da arbeitet ein Mann auf dem Dach eines Hauses, das entweder neu gebaut oder renoviert wurde.
Ein Mann ohne Hemd aber mit Jeans bekleidet geht ber eine Wiese.
Ein Mdchen in einer grnen Bluse spielt auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Mann zerkleinert Essen auf dem Boden.
Zwei Mnche in traditionellen orangen Umhngen gehen ein Treppenhaus hoch.
Ein Bauarbeiter mit freiem Oberkrper und Handschuhen an, steht auf einem Schindeldach.
Mehrere Leute, genau gesagt drei, kommen aus einem Einkaufszentrum mit Kartons und Pflanzen in ihren Einkaufswagen.
Ein kleines Kind mit einem Schnuller im Mund steht mit den Hnden gegen eine Glastr gelehnt und schaut nach innen.
Ein Typ mit erdbeerroten Haaren strahlt und lchelt in eine Kamera.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen in einem Flur auf den Stufen.
Ein Pilot stellt sein Gepck direkt neben das Flugzeug im Flughafen.
Eine Menschenmenge beobachtet einen Mann wie er auf einem Fahrrad ein Kunststck vorfhrt.
Zwei Mnner sind in einem blauen Kanu in der Mitte eines groen Sees.
Eine Frau in Jeans klettert auf einen Berg.
Ein Tnzer hebt seine Partnerin auf seine Schultern.
Zwei indische Frauen sitzen auf einem Markt hinter Gemse.
Eine Person in einer roten Jacke und Skistcken wandert auf einem schneebedeckten Baum ber das Wasser.
Ein Vater mit drei Kindern betrachtet ein Gemlde von einer bewaldeten Bergszene.
Eine Asiatin und ein schwarzer Mann gehen an den Treppen zur Untergrundbahn vorbei.
Ein Mann fllt fast von einer Leiter.
Drei Frauen und zwei Mnner benutzen drei eckige Netze in einem Strom.
Ein Wanderer posiert vor einem atemberaubenden Bild von Bergen und Wolken.
Eine junge Frau macht Liegesttze vor drei Soldaten bei einer Konferenz.
Ein junger Erwachsener lchelt nachdem er eine verschneiten Hgel heruntergerutscht ist.
Ein kleiner Junge in einer orangen Jacke buddelt neben einer Flagge im Sand.
Drei Mnner und ein Junge fahren auf einer orangen Achterbahn.
Polizisten in Schutzwesten, sowie zwei Polizisten auf Pferden greifen eine Menschenmenge, die hinter einer Barrikade ist, an.
Zwei Kinder, eins in einem weien und eins in einem schwarzen Hemd liegen auf Kissen.
Ein Tnzer in einem rosa Tutu fhrt eine Figur auerhalb eines Gebudes, das vllig mit Graffiti bemahlt ist, auf.
Drei kleine Kinder auf einem Felsen sehen aufs Wasser.
Eine Gruppe indischer jungen Frauen und Mdchen badet am Rande eines Bades mit ihrer trockenen Kleidung an und einem Gebude im Hintergrund.
Ein blonder Typ in einem grnen Sweatshirt isst ein Butterbrot.
Dieses kleine Mdchen, dessen Haar mit einem roten Band zusammengehalten wird, steckt spielerisch ihre Zunge gegen die Kamera raus.
Ein paar junge Mdchen in einem Klassenzimmer.
Die Frau ruht sich aus, indem sie ihre Fe in einer felsigen Gegend ins Wasser hlt.
Mehrere Mnner in schwarz-wei karierten Sachen tanzen um eine Fackel.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Hemd nimmt eine Fritte mit Stbchen hoch.
Eine Frau mit einer lila Bluse und Sonnenbrille, liegt auf ihrer Aktentasche.
Eine Frau in einer leichten rosa Jacke wirft eine Angelschnur in einen See.
Mnner mit freiem Oberkrper und gleicher Bekleidung heben ihre Hnde in den Himmel.
Der Skateboarder in einem weien T-Shirt mit blauer Kappe sitzt auf seinem Board und trudelt den sanften Abhang hinunter.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Skateboard auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Basketballspieler in einem weien Trikot versucht einen Spieler in einem dunkelblauen Trikot von einem Wurf abzublocken.
Eine Frau kauft frische Lebensmittel auf einem Markt ein.
Eine Gruppe Kinder sitzt eng zusammen und lacht, whrend ein Junge in einem weien Hemd ber sie springt.
Eine Frau sitzt vor einem Fernglas.
Eine junge Frau in einem lila Kostm mit weien Flgeln gibt einem kleinen Jungen in einer blauen Jacke ein Bonbon.
Ein Boxer versucht seinem defensive Gegner mit geballter Kraft ins Gesicht zu schlagen.
Ein Wanderer mit Schneeschuhen unterwegs auf einer Schneewanderung macht eine Pause um in die Kamera zu sehen.
In dieser Stadtszene joggen junge Leute im Schnee.
Herren in schwarzen und weien Hemden spielen auf der Bhne Gitarre.
Eine Gruppe Leute wandert durch Eis.
Junge Leute auf Skateboards sowie einer mit freiem Oberkrper hpfen in die Luft.
Gruppe von Leuten lacht mit Bchern im Hintergrund.
Zwei Angestellte kneten und bereiten Teig zum Kuchen backen, wie durch das Fenster zu sehen ist.
Ein Koch in weier Kleidung tut etwas in einen Steinofen.
Zwei Mnner, anscheinend Essenkufer, schieben einen roten Wagen, gefllt mit Obst.
Ein Mann geht mit einer Art Gartenwerkzeug ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann hockt auf seinem Feld und erntet Wurzeln am Mittag.
Zwei Mnner in einem Feld oder Dschungel schauen auf etwas.
Eine Person fhrt auf dem Snowboard einen mit frischem Pulverschnee bedeckten Berg hinunter mit Kiefern im Hintergrund.
Ein Skateboarder versucht in einem Skateboardpark einen Gelenderrutschtrick.
Ein Mann in einer roten Jacke benutzt eine Maschine, die auf Eisblcken steht, vor einigen Zuschauern.
Ein kleiner Junge in weier Winterkleidung steht neben einem Baum im Schnee.
Mehrere Leute arbeiten in einer warmen Mbelfabrik.
Es schneit auf Skifahrer, die durch die Schneelandschaft stampfen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd lchelt als er sein Essen auf der Strae verkauft
Eine junge Person rutscht einen Berg im Schnee herunter.
Person mit einem lila Mantel sitzt im Schnee unter einem Baum und isst ein Butterbrot.
Ein Mann stellt einen kleinen Tontopf auf einer Drehbank her.
Ein Mann in einem weien Hemd und Jeans kehrt den Brgersteig einer Strae.
Eine asiatische Dame steht da mit einem Wagen voll Kartoffeln.
Der Papst hat mit einem anderen Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug eine Unterhaltung.
Ein Kind ohne Hemd rennt im Dreck.
Mehrere groe Frauen in traditioneller gleicher Kleidung und Sandalen springen in die Luft mit drei aufgeblasenen Heiluftballons im Hintergrund.
Kinder arbeiten in der Schule an einer Aufgabe.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen zusammen.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt den Holzarm eines Schneemanns.
Ein brtiger Mann in blau gestreiften Shorts, einem dunklen T-Shirt und falsch herum aufgesetzter Baseballkappe steht am Steuer eines Schiffs und fliegt einen zerfetzten roten Krug bers offene Wasser.
Ein Mann ist auf einem Boot auf ruhigem Wasser und hlt ein Seil.
Kleine Kinder in roten Jacken und khakifarbenen Hosen sind oben auf einer Rutsche mit einem Zaun im Hintergrund.
Drauen sind mehrere Leute, die auf eine zerquetschte Eichel schauen.
Ein Mdchen kniet scheinbar in einer Kirche.
Ein Mann ist nach hinten gebeugt mit schwarzen Riemen um ihn.
Die Silhouette einer Person, die bei Sonnenuntergang in die Luft hpft.
Ein Mann wartet an einer Kreuzung, dass der Verkehr anhlt.
Ein gelber Schlauch, der auf zwei Teile verlngert wurde  weie Fahrzeuge, geparkt hinter ausgestreckten Sicherheitsbndern, whrend sich mehrere Figuren auf dem Brgersteig versammeln.
Feuerwehrwagen und andere Einsatzfahrzeuge reagieren auf einen Notfall.
Ein Mann fhrt in einem Traktor eine staubige Strae herunter.
Ein Priester am Telefon ist neben einigen weiblichen Soldaten, die eine Pause machen.
Es beginnt ein haariges Hockeyspiel zwischen zwei Mnnern.
Zwei Frauen und ein Kind sitzen neben einem Berg mit gestrickten Sachen.
Eine Gruppe asiatischer Leute schaut auf Kunstwerke, die von einer jungen Frau angeboten werden.
Zwei Kinder fahren auf einem Schlitten einen Berg herunter.
Ein Feuerwehrmann steht auf dem Dach eines Hauses.
Eine junge Person schaut scheu in die Kamera.
Ein Junge in roten Sachen hlt einen Schuhpokal ber seinen Kopf.
Eine Person in einem Mantel liest eine Zeitung auf einer Bank.
Ein barfiger Mann in schwarzen Shorts schlft auf der Trschwelle vor einer roten Tr.
Ein Neugeborenes hat ein Hemd an, auf dem steht: Ich bin der Boss.
Kinder nehmen drauen an einem Sackhpfenrennen teil und viele andere Kinder in der Nhe, schauen zu.
Ein Junge singt in ein Mikrofon, Bhnenlichter im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann springt von einem Sprungbrett in ein Schwimmbad.
Ein Turner wirbelt ein wunderschnes Band herum.
Ein Kind in blauem Hemd und Shorts grbt neben einer kleinen grnen Schaufel, ein Loch in den Sand.
Ein junges braunhaariges Mdchen mit einem Hemd, auf dem das Ahornblatt von Toronto abgebildet ist, posiert mit einem Hockeyschlger und Puck.
Ein Rugbyspiel in dem 2 Spieler versuchen einen Gegner daran zu hindern, einen Ball aus der Luft zu fangen.
Ein Junge in einem orangen Hemd sitzt auf einem Felsen am Wasser.
Ein junges Kleinkind schreit whrend sein oder ihr Schlafanzug zugeknpft wird.
Auf dem Fischmarkt wiegt und filetiert ein Arbeiter einen Fisch.
Viele Arbeiter in blauen Hemden und weien Schrzen bereiten Fisch zum Verkauf vor.
Ein Professor in einer schwarzen Jacke schreibt an eine Tafel.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner steht und sitzt um eine Feuerstelle whrend sie trinken und ihr Essen grillen.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer weien Badewanne hlt einen hlzernen Gegenstand ins Wasser.
Ein Fahrzeug beladen mit Heu und einem Jungen sowie zwei Mnnern, die oben auf dem Heu sitzen.
Zwei Leute verstecken sich unter riesigen Schsseln, vielleicht um der Sonne zu entgehen.
Da bgelt ein lterer Mann ein Hemd fr seine Arbeit.
Mehrere Jungen spielen auf einem Feld.
Zwei junge Mdchen fahren am Straenrand Fahrrad.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem Gewehr.
Ein Mann schreibt etwas auf eine Tafel in einem Klassenzimmer whrend ihm jemand zusieht.
Zwei Mnner ringen vor Zuschauern.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Haaren, adrett in grauen Hosen, Blaser und lila Krawatte gekleidet, steht auf der Strae vor einer Garage wirft einen Pfannkuchen hoch und fngt ihn im Flug wieder auf.
Ein kleiner Junge und 2 Mdchen ffnen Weihnachtsgeschenke.
Ein junges rothaariges Kind beit gerade in einen blauen gefrorenen Snack.
Sechs Kinder sitzen an einem rechteckigen Esstisch mit einer grnen Tischdecke und Essen darauf.
Zwei Mdchen liegen buchlings im Grass und teilen sich Kopfhrer von einem MP3 Spieler.
Zwei Mdchen lehnen rcklings auf Reifenschaukeln und sehen verkehrt herum in die Kamera.
Zwei Mnner stehen in einem Kran neben mehreren hohen Bumen.
Cowboy beginnt von einem buckelnden halbwilden Pferd zu fallen.
Man sieht wie eine Person verkehrt herum auf ihrem Fahrrad ber ein groes Feld fhrt.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt ein Kunststck vor whrend Zuschauer in einer entfernten Ecke zusehen.
Eine Frau geht ber eine Hngebrcke zwischen zwei Bergen.
Eine Frau, schwarz und wei bekleidet, berquert eine Strae.
Zwei ltere Frauen kaufen Blumen whrend ein afro-amerikanischer Mann ihnen an der Seite zusieht.
Zwei Kinder spielen im Schnee und rollen ihn zu einer groen Kugel.
Ein blonder Junge schaut auf einen roten Hundenapf und ein struppiger Hund sitzt hinter ihm.
Zwei Jungen schreiben mit Kreide auf den Brgersteig.
Ein Baby in einem weien Hemd sitzt zusammengesackt in einer Schaukel vor einer Waschmaschine.
Eine Frau und ein kleines Mdchen fahren glcklich auf einem Karussell.
Zwei Kinder schlafen in einem Zwillingswagen auf dem Brgersteig.
Zwei Kinder spielen Doktor mit einem Sugling.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge rutscht eine rote Rutsche herunter.
Drei Mnner spielen zusammen Musik auf einer Gitarre, einer Violine und einem Banjo.
Ein lterer Mann in einem blauen Hemd lehnt gegen schwarze Rohre.
Vier berittene Polizisten patrollieren durch die Straen.
Ein Mann in einem brunlichen Hut und Hemd und einer orangen Sicherheitsweste sowie dunkler Sonnenbrille, deutet auf ein nahes Auto.
Ein langhaariger Mann arbeitet in einem weien Raum.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke spielt auf seinem Smartphone whrend ein kleines Mdchen in mit einem Schal und blauer Jacke, neben ihm ein Buch liest.
Ein Mann fhrt auf seinem Boot Melanie zum Fischen.
Eine Dame lchelt whrend sie vor Whole Foods sitzt und ein Stck Essen hlt.
Ein Mdchen in einer roten Bluse ist auf einer Bowlingbahn.
Eine Flugzeugbesatzung macht ein Flugzeug zum Abflug bereit.
Ein dnner betagter Mann steht hinter einem Podium in einem leeren Festsaal.
Ein Snowboarder atmet tief durch bevor er einen Sprung auf einem verschneiten Berg macht.
Ein lterer geschminkter Herr spielt Geige.
Ein kleiner schlafender Junge wird von einem Mann auf die Stirn geksst.
Ein Mann steht vor mehreren Erdhgeln im Begriff mit anderen zu schaufeln.
Ein Soldat im Kampfanzug erklimmt eine Mauer um seine Kameraden auf der anderen Seite zu treffen.
Ein Mann begutachtet Schden in einem zerstrten Raum.
Da sitzt ein Mann in schwarz-weier Kleidung, sein Gesicht ist wei bemalt, auf einem Pfahl und hlt Blle fest.
Ein junge nimmt etwas aus einer Schachtel, die ein Mann in einem Hasenkostm, festhlt.
Ein blondes Kind schlft mit einer weien Decke in einem Bett.
Eine Person steht auf einer Leiter um eine Sule wei zu streichen.
Ein Mann in weiem Hemd und grner Weste benutzt altes Werkzeug um ein Stck eines Baumstamms zu schnitzen.
Ein Bauarbeiter mit einem blauen Schutzhelm stiert nach unten.
Zwei Arbeiter mit Schutzhelmen und Sicherheitsgurten reparieren ein Dach.
Ein junger Mann sitzt in einem Bro an seinem Laptop.
Zwei Frauen mit Schrzen und Bckerbekleidung kochen etwas in der Kche.
Zwei Jungen werden hinter einem Haus verprgelt und dort zurckgelassen.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einem Kunstatellier und ist umgeben von Kunstartikeln.
Ein kleines Mdchen rutscht lachend eine Rutsche herunter.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf seinem Stuhl und schreibt SMS auf ihrem Handy.
Ich sehe eine Gruppe Leute und einen Polizisten herumstehen.
Ein Mann ist stolz auf sein Kunstwerk whrend er sich auf das Schnitzen konzentriert.
Eine Dame mit einem roten Geldbeutel verlsst den Laden.
Ein brtiger Mann und eine blonde Frau sitzen im Zuschauerraum.
Bauarbeiter mit Schutzhelmen warten auf einen Aufzug.
Ein Mann isst an einem Tisch auf der Strae vor einem kleinen Lebesmittelladen whrend Passanten vorbeigehen.
Eine Dame in rosa Sachen ksst ein Kind nach dessen Auffhrung.
Die ansssigen Kinder machen einen Wettlauf.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Hemd luft.
Ein Kletterer hlt an um zu trinken whrend er in den verschneiten Bergen klettert.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bank aus Schnee.
Zwei Kinder spielen in einem Freibad.
Zwei Mnner auf einem Geschftsparkplatz. Einer beobachtet den anderen Mann beim Springen.
Ein Musiker spielt in ein Mikrofon in einer Bhnenbeleuchtung mit roten Zeichen.
Eine Person steht auf dem Kopf bei der Ausfhrung eines berschlags mit einem Snowboard.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Stapel Wassermelonen auf einem Stuhl.
Vier Tnzer in gelber Kleidung fhren einen ethnischen Tanz vor.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Skianzug vollfhrt einen berschlag auf einem riesigen Berg.
Ein Fischer schneidet drauen auf seinem Boot Kder, die an Deck festgemacht sind, whrend Pelikane in der Nhe schwimmen.
Ein lterer Metallarbeiter schleift ein Stck Blech in einer Werkstatt.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt ein anderes Fahrrad durch eine Stadtgasse.
Zwei Kinder, gegen die Klte zusammengekuschelt, bauen einen Schneemann.
Drei Mnner denken ber ihren nchsten Bullenritt nach.
Ein junger Mann in zerrissenen Hosen, sitzt auf einer Fensterbank und spielt Geige.
Eine Frau vermischt einen Essenteig.
Eine Gruppe schwarzer Kinder posiert vor der Kamera.
Ein Kaufmann posiert in einer Metzgerei.
Zwei Jungen springen wie Klatschbomben neben einem Paddelboot in einen See.
Ein Mann sitzt an seinem Arbeitsplatz und stellt Schmuck her.
Im Hintergrund arbeitet ein indischer Mann an einem Stoff und im Vordergrund frbt eine indische Frau Stoff.
Ein Umzug von Leuten in roten Sachen marschiert an einem Gebude vorbei und spielt auf Musikinstrumenten.
Ein Mann hockt beim Bemalen seines Kunstwerks auf einem groen Garagentor aus Metall.
Ein Mdchen benutzt ein seidenes Band um einen Sprung in der Luft auszufhren.
Ein Junge mit roten Schuhsohlen spielt auf einer Schaukel.
Eine weihaarige alte Dame in einer karierten Bluse kauft Produkte ein.
Eine junge Turnerin liegt auf einer Matte und schaut auf einen Hula-Hoopreifen.
Eine Kameracrew bereitet sich auf das Filmen mit einer Videokamera vor
Ein Nachrichtensprecher in einem blauen Mantel berichtet im Regen.
Ein junger Mann schnappt nach Luft whrend er auf dem Surfbrett fhrt.
Ein Mann in einer blauen Jacke kniet so auf der Strandpromenade beim Meer, dass er seine Angelschnur ausrichten kann.
Eine Person im Trainingsanzug klettert ein Seil hoch.
Ein Mann setzt all seine Kraft in einer Fitnesshalle ein um eine groes Gewicht ber seinen Kopf zu heben.
Ein Verkehrspolizist regelt den Verkehr in einer stark befahrenen Gegend.
Ein Pilot mit Kopfhrern sitzt mit seinem Copilot im Cockpit.
Ein Kind spielt mit Steinen.
Ein grauer Hund rennt den Steinweg hinunter zur Wscheleine im Hof.
Zwei Leute sitzen neben einer Tr und halten Schsseln auf ihrem Scho.
Ein Mdchen spielt barfu in einer Pftze.
Ein Mann zieht sich zu Hause an und sieht dabei auf seinen Laptop.
Ein Kind sitzt auf dem Boden und sieht aus als wre sie tief in Gedanken.
Ein halbwchsiger Junge und ein Mdchen genieen ein Fondue.
Zwei Mnner, einer in blauer und einer in weier Kleidung, spielen Feldhockey.
Eine Dame in einem Zebrastreifenmantel interagiert mit jemandem in einem Pandakostm.
Eine Gruppe Jungen spielt Baseball im Ausland.
Drei Mnner arbeiten mit ihren Fahrrdern auf dem Seitenstreifen.
Kunden und Arbeiter an der Kasse eines Geschfts mit roten Theken und Einkaufswagen.
Zwei Mnner mit schwarzen Hemden und Hosen halten Holzstcke.
Ein Mann in einem beigen Anzug spielt Trompete in ein Mikrofon.
Drei Frauen nehmen an einem Tanz auf einem Campingplatz teil.
Bei einem Lifekonzert wird Konfetti von der Decke geworfen und die Masse schreit ekstatisch auf.
Eine Frau springt vor einer Wand mit Graffiti.
Ein junger Mann streckt sein Bein aus und balanciert gleichzeitig eine Scheibe auf seinem Finger.
Eine Gruppe Hochschler spielt eine Runde Jenga.
Zwei asiatische Frauen sitzen in einer Straenecke whrend ein weies Auto vorbeifhrt.
Ein groes Mdchen in blauen Jeans springt ber einen Baumstumpf.
Ein Mann arbeitet auf dem Feld wenn er seine Hnde um das hohe Grass bewegt.
Eine junge Dame nimmt sich Zeit zum Nachdenken auf einer ffentlichen Bank.
Eine Frau, die fr Cosplay verkleidet ist, prahlt drauen vor der Kamera.
Eine Frau mit Schneeschuhen schaut auf ein Stck Papier.
Eine Hand hlt einen Bleistift ber ein Stck Notenpapier.
Eine Frau in einem Sigkeitenladen berfliegt die Sigkeiten.
Eine Frau sieht drauen in einen Mlleimer von Mango Mang.
Eine Dame richtet die Haare einer anderen Dame.
Ein lterer Mann in einem orangen Hemd und grnen Shorts geht an einem Gebude, das mit Graffiti geschmckt ist, vorbei.
Zwei Kinder spielen Fuball auf einer grnen Wiese.
Fischer ziehen ein Netz ein, dass wahrscheinlich mit Venusmuscheln gefllt ist.
berall ist Konfetti ber einer riesigen Menschenmenge bei einer Art Feier.
Ein Snger ist rot und verschwitzt von einer Konzertauffhrung.
Polizisten schauen sich gegenseitig auf ihren Pferden an.
Ein Mann mit einem Kind auf dem Arm schaut sich Spielzeug in einem Geschft an.
Ein Fuballspieler tritt einen Ball.
Eine Frau in einer schwarzen Bluse mit einem Schal um ihren Hals, nht.
Ein Polizist mit vielen Gegenstnden an seinem Grtel, bestellt etwas in einem Caf.
Ein farbenfroh geschminkter und bekleideter Mann gibt eine Vorstellung fr ein Publikum.
Eine Frau schiebt einen Einkaufswagen in einem Lebensmittelgeschft.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille sitzt in einem weien Fahrzeug mit einem Wappen auf der Tr.
Ein Junge lchelt, umgeben von mehreren anderen lchelnden Leuten, in die Kamera.
Ein Mann mit einem Glas und eine Frau in einer rosa Bluse sitzen nebeneinander.
Ein Mann spricht auf einem Podest in einer Kirche.
Eine Frau hat ihre Hand in einem groen Topf an einer Brunnenpumpe, die drauen ist.
Zwei erwachsene Frauen, eine trgt einen Schirm, und ein kleines Mdchen gehen ber eine Brcke.
Mehrere Leute, darunter eine Frau in einem roten Kleid, die ein Kind an der Hand hlt, sind in einer Strae in der Nhe von dutzend Tauben.
Ein kleines Kind lehnt sich aus einem Busfenster.
Vier Mnner in lila und zwei in dunkelgrauen Hemden verschieben eine Skulptur.
Leute arbeiten zusammen um Fsser auf einem Spielplatz aufzufllen.
Eine Gruppe junger Fuballspieler luft auf dem Feld hinter dem Ball her.
Ein Skifahrer furcht durch die Luft bei der Ausfhrung eines Kunststcks.
Ein Surfer fllt auf der Spitze einer kleinen Welle von seinem Surfbrett.
Ein lterer Mann und ein junges Mdchen schauen sich einen Fisch in einem knstlichen Teich an.
Ein Darsteller kniet am Bhnenrand um etwas von einer Frau, in der ersten Reihe, zu bekommen.
Zwei Mnner springen whrend eines Boxkampfs zwischen zwei Gegnern, hoch
Ein lteres Paar tanzt neben einem Tisch, an dem ein Junge mit gesenktem Kopf sitzt.
Eine junge Frau, die mehrere Einkaufstaschen trgt, hpft in die Luft.
Zwei Frauen tragen rote ethnische Kostme mit einem chinesischen Gebude und Bergen im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann und ein Junge geben sich die Hand mit zwei anderen Leuten im Hintergrund.
Zwei Mnner schwimmen an der Kste mit einem baumbewachsenen Hgel im Hintergrund.
Der Junge spielt Volleyball am Strand.
Zwei Mnner, einer wei und einer schwarz, spielen Ball, wobei der Schwarze auf die rechte Seite des Torrahmens zuspringt.
Sieben Leute benutzen PC Tische an einem runden Tisch.
Ein Mann in einer grnen Jacke hat eine Kamera auf Felsen aufgebaut.
Ein Mann steht vor einer hlzernen Brcke neben einem steinigen Fluss.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und in einem schwarzen Hemd fhrt leidenschaftlich etwas auf der Bhne auf.
Eine Gruppe Kinder geniet Snacks und spielt dabei ein Gesellschaftsspiel.
Ein Wissenschaftler zeigt auf einen Computerbildschirm whrend einer seiner Mitarbeiter hinschaut.
Ein Snowboarder mit hellgelben Hosen fliegt durch die Luft.
Ein Arbeiter auf dem Bau macht eine Pause whrend er die Aussicht betrachtet.
In einer Stadtstrae gehen drei Leute in verschiedene Richtungen.
Ein Mann, der die traditionelle Kleidung der Ureinwohner Amerikas trgt, spielt ein einheimisches Instrument fr seine Leute.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Kleid springt einige Stufen auerhalb eines Gebudes herunter.
Einige Angestellte in gelben Hemden helfen einheimischen Kindern bei Kunst- und Bastelaktivitten.
Ein Mann in einem roten Sportpullover, schaut bei einem Fuballspiel zu.
Vier Typen in weien Laborkitteln, im Hintergrund sind einige Schliefcher, halten etwas ins Feuer.
Eine Frau in karierter Bluse und ein Mann mit karierten Socken und im Kiltrock, machen sich bereit, die Nacht durchzutanzen.
Im Vordergrund liegen mehrere Leute an einem felsigen Strand und im Hintergrund stehen Leute.
Eine Gruppe Leute tanzt in farbenfrohen Kostmen vor einem Einrichtungshaus von Fired Earth.
Eine Gruppe Frauen in festlichen blauen Kleidern und mit Federkopfschmuck, marschiert die Strae herunter.
Zwei Frauen spielen vor einer Tr auf der The Castle Keep steht.
Drei junge Damen in gelber Uniform machen eine Pause an einem kleinen Tisch.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Hut und in Shorts wirft einen passenden gelben Leuchtstab.
Eine junge Dame mit wilden blonden Haaren spielt elektrische Gitarre auf einer Bhne.
Vier Kinder spielen in der Nhe eines Ufers im Sand.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem roten Trikot will den Ball schieen.
Ein kleines Mdchen putzt seine Zhne.
Eine Menge von Ausflglern auf einer Traktorfahrt, beobachten einen Bauer, der hart auf dem Feld arbeitet.
Ein Mann mit einem Einkaufswagen schaut sich die Regale in einem Supermarktgang an.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Gerst in einem Studio whrend ein Feuer im Vordergrund brennt.
Eine Aktionsabfolge einer Punk Rockband auf der Bhne.
Ein Paar, das aussieht wie Aladdin und Jasmin, fahren auf einem Zauberteppich durch den Nachthimmel.
Ein schwarzer und ein weier Hund laufen hinter einem Tennisball her.
Ein frhlich lchelndes Kleinkind sitzt auf einer schnen blauen, weien und gelben Decke und wirft einen blauen Ball.
Eine Band fhrt ein Lied in einem Club auf.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt den Atem an und springt in den See an einem warmen Tag.
Eine Gruppe Frauen die in Saris sitzt, unterhlt sich und badet zusammen.
Ein Junge mit einem gepolsterten Helm springt auf einem Trampolin im Haus.
Der Arbeiter schiebt seinen Karren alleine durch den heftigen Verkehr.
Ein Gitarrist spielt leidenschaftlich fr eine Menschenmenge auf seinem roten Instrument und ist umgeben von seinen Bandmitgliedern in strahlend hellem Licht.
Ein Mann spielt auf seinem Akkordeon in den Straen um Passanten zu unterhalten.
Eine Menge Erwachsener in heller farbiger Kleidung applaudiert.
Ein Mdchen spielt Geige und ein anderes Mdchen spielt hinter ihr Klarinette.
Eine Frau in einer gestreiften Bluse fhrt ein Pferd ber eine Strae.
Ein Mann passt auf ein Gemlde auf whrend eine andere Person beginnt das selbe Bild abzumalen
Ein Polizist auf einem Motorrad prft eine schrill Neonreflektierende Weste whrend er in der Nhe von zwei hellfarbig erleuchteten Polizisten auf Motorrdern, steht.
Ein kleines Kind spielt mit Spielzeug auf einer Arbeitsbank aus Holz.
Ein Mann mit einer Schrze grillt drauen auf einem Grill.
Vier Mnner faulenzen auf Mbeln und lehnen gegen eine brunliche Wand, wobei alle an ihren Laptops sind.
Da will ein Mann in einem roten Sweatshirt ein Kunststck auf einem Skateboard machen.
Mehrere Leute in Kostmen von Disneyfilmfiguren gehen die Strae runter.
Eine Touristengruppe sitzt auf dem Oberdeck eines Doppeldeckerbusses mitten auf dem Times Square.
Eine hbsche Dame setzt sich und ffnet ihren Geldbeutel.
Ein Mann fhrt Wasserski und das Wasser spritzt hinter ihm hoch.
Eine ltere Frau rollt Teig zum Backen aus.
Ein Mann mit einer Halbglatze und Sonnenbrille auf, in einem schwarzen Pullover und Jeans, hat eine Schaufel und schaufelt den Brgersteig und einige Stufen und wird dabei von einem Golden Retriever beobachtet.
Ein Mann grillt mit der Hilfe seiner Frau auf einem Propangasbrenner Steaks.
Eine Person pflckt Kichererbsen mit bloen Hnden.
Ein Mann reist mit zwei Eseln durch die Berge
Ein einsamer Bergsteiger auf einem Berg mit Schneekuppe mit mehreren Bergen im Hintergrund.
Ein brtiger Mann in blauen Jeans auf einem Skateboard springt ber einen Einkaufswagen.
Zwei Leute klettern durch ein Netz aus Metallgittern, sie tragen Shorts und Tennisschuhe.
Ein Mann gleitet ein Gelnder auf einem Skateboard hinunter.
Eine Frau mit leuchtend roten Lippen und einer gestreiften Bluse an, produziert sich vor dem Mikrofon eines Standes whrend eine andere Person im Hintergrund ein Mikrofon hlt.
Ein kleiner Junge brt drauen Fleisch auf einem Grill.
Ein asiatischer Mann, eine Frau und ein Junge suchen abgepacktes Essen in einem geschlossenen Markt, aus.
Ein Spielmannszug in blauer und schwarzer Kleidung tanzt durch die Strae.
Zwei Kinder stehen vor einem Dinosaurierskelett und schauen in die Kamera.
Zwei Leute, ein Mann und eine Frau, springen zur gleichen Zeit.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Karateanzug hpft auf einem Trampolin unter Anweisung ihres Trainers.
Ein Mdchen in rosa Sachen hngt an den Ringen.
Ein Kind sitzt an einem Tisch mit Wachsmalstiften und Kunstartikeln und malt ein Bild mit einem Baby im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau mit einem Mikrofon macht Espresso.
Jemand in einer Regenjacke schiebt eine gelbe Tasche auf Rdern den Brgersteig herunter.
Kleine Jungen spielen Fuball und tragen orange und schwarze Trikots.
Eine Jungenmannschaft in roten und schwarzen Trikots spielt Fuball auf einem Feld.
Zwei asiatische Mnner kehren von einigen Stufen Blumenbltter.
Eine Person in schwarzen Hosen und einem schwarzen T-Shirt hpft auf einem Platz mit Springbrunnen.
Eine Gruppe Jungens baut etwas aus Holz.
Zwei Frauen schaufeln Dreck in einem Hof bei einem Zaun.
Ein Mann mit einer Schutzbrille repariert einen Fahrradreifen.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung, auf der Flammen abgebildet sind, bt seine Kampftechnik.
Das Kind geht durch hohes Gras an einem sonnigen Tag.
Ein Mdchen scheint kopfber von einem Klettergerst zu hngen.
Ein Kind schwebt mitten in der Luft, gehalten durch einige Kabel.
Ein Athlet in roten Shorts ist bei einer Bewegung beim Basketball eingefroren.
Die Mdchen kehren whrend ihres Softballspiels auf das Feld zurck.
Zwei Mnner auf dem Schiff Amble laufen bepackt mit Fangnetzen, aus.
Zwei Hunde rennen durch den Dreck.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen und blauen Kleid luft Eis auf einem Bein.
Ein kleiner Junge schaut am Tag durch sein Teleskop.
Ein lterer Mann mit weien Haaren und einem Bart spricht in ein Mikrofon.
Bauarbeiter nehmen Kabel um sich von den Seiten eines Gebudes herunterzuhngen.
Zwei kleine Mdchen stehen auf einem Sims mit ihren Gesichtern zur Wand.
Ein Junge, der sein Skateboard festhlt, springt ber einen anderen Jungen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau, die wie Autobahnpersonal gekleidet sind, arbeiten am Straenrand.
Mehrere Gemeindearbeiter arbeiten an einem Bahnbergang.
Ein farbefroh gekleideter Mann tanzt durch die Straen und balanciert dabei etwas auf seinem Kopf.
Ein Typ fhrt auf seinem Snowboard einen groen Berg hinunter
Ein Skifahrer fhrt einen Berg hinunter und hat dabei eine Skibrille und einen roten Anorak an.
Ein Mann fliegt auf seinem Mountainbike durch die Luft.
Ein Mann sitzt am Rand einer geschftigen Strae und verkauft Blumen und Gemse.
Eine Person geht mit seinem Fahrrad und zwei weiteren Personen.
Ein Mann mit einem Bart repariert ein Netz, er sitzt neben einem Jungen und einem Seil.
Eine Person greift auf den Rcksitz eines Lastwagens whrend Arbeiter hinten arbeiten.
Ein Mann mit behaarter Brust mht einen Rasen.
Ein Junge in einem gestreiften Hemd sitzt an einem Tisch und schneidet etwas.
Ein lchelnder Junge gestikuliert mit einer Hand und hlt dabei eine groe Sodaflasche in der anderen Hand.
Ein Kind und eine Frau arbeiten im Garten.
Ein Mann springt mit seinem Fahrrad ber dreckige Hgel und ist dabei mehrere Zentimeter in der Luft.
Ein Gelndefahrer fhrt ber einen Holzscheit.
Ein Mann spielt auf der Strae fr die Menge, Gitarre.
Zwei Frauen kaufen Lebensmittel in einem Geschft ein.
Eine Frau wartet mit ihren Kindern bei der Kasse eines Walmarts.
Ein lterer Mann kauft Waschseife bei Walmart.
Eine Frau in einem Bikini steht, umringt von Fischen, im Wasser.
Zwei Mnner mit freien Oberkrpern stehen auf einem Dach.
Ein lterer Mann in einem weien Hemd schaut sich eine Webseite auf seinem Computer in seinem Bro, an.
Der Polizist auf dem weien Moped, berquert den Brgersteig aus Kopfsteinpflaster.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt an einem gelben Gebude, das mit Graffiti bemalt ist, vorbei.
Frauen stellen ein Foto von einem Herrn in einem Rollstuhl mit drei Zuschauern und zwei Beamten, auf.
Ein Mann, der wie ein Siedler angezogen ist, spricht zu einer Menschenmenge in einer bewlkten Stadt.
Ein Mann leitet ein Orchester und leitet Leute an.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera auf seinen Schultern nimmt eine Konzertauffhrung auf.
Ein Mann schneidet Gras neben einem Gebude und trgt dabei einen Gesichtsschutz.
Ein Mann wscht sein Auto drauen mit Seife und Wasser.
Eine Frau fhrt eine Turnbung mit langen roten Bndern vor
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille macht einen Schmollmund beim Essen von Meeresfrchten.
Ein Mann in Neonkleidung repariert ein Straenzeichen.
Eine Frau, mittleren Alters, kehrt den Brgersteig vor einem Einzelhandelsladen in der Innenstadt.
Ein Mann reinigt die Fenster eines Geschenkeladens.
Ein uniformierter Mann ist auf einer Rampe und schaut auf die festgefahrene Schlange von Einkaufswagen.
Die Damen in rosa Jacken spielen Saxophone.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in Shorts und T-Shirts joggt einen gepflasterten Gehweg hinunter.
Eine Gruppe Mnner steht bei einem weien Lastwagen.
Ein Mann wischt in einem Vergngungspark, die Innenseite eines Gefhrts, das mit blauen Plastikblttern bedeckt ist, ab.
Ein Mann schiebt einen Karren auf einem Brgersteig.
Ein Gitarrenspieler singt aus tiefstem Herzen und nickt dabei zu dem Lied in einem schlecht beleuchteten Raum.
Ein Mann spielt Akkordeon und ein Mdchen singt und spielt Tambourin dabei.
Eine Schwangere lsst glcklich eine andere Frau die Herztne ihres Babys anhren.
Zwei Leute schieben einen Einkaufswagen auf eine Rolltreppe.
Zwei Mnner sind in einem Schnellboot auf dem Wasser mit Land und Segelbooten im Hintergrund.
Zwei uniformierte Mnner fahren in einem Motorboot.
Mehrere Mnner in Rettungswesten und anderer Schutzausstattung sind auf einem Boot auf dem Wasser.
Die Band von vier Typen fhrt auf einer hell erleuchteten Bhne auf.
Fnf Frauen mit einheimischer Kleidung und zwei Mnner, die nur Hosen tragen, im Wasser beim Unterhalten und Plantschen.
Ein Mann in farbenfroher Kleidung macht Figuren aus Luftballons.
Zwei Leute absolvieren ein Turnier auf Pferden mit Lanzen und Schilden und Zuschauer sehen aus einem Zelt und unter freiem Himmel zu.
Ein Mann mit einem Helm fhrt mit einem Mountainbike durch die Wste.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Kleid mit Tupfen und Hasenohren auf dem Kopf spielt ein Arcade-Spiel.
Ein Mann putzt von auen ein Fenster, whrend ein Mdchen dasselbe Fenster von innen putzt.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und einer blauen Jeans macht einen Handstand auf einer Wiese.
Zwei Mnner rumen Zweige weg.
Drei Frauen in Kleidern stehen auf einer Bhne und lehnen sich auf einem Bein zurck, hinter ihnen befindet sich der Vorhang.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher jubelt in der Menge.
Auf einer im Fluss schwimmenden Plattform befinden sich ein Pianist, eine Sngerin und ein Mann, der mit einem Ruder die Plattform steuert.
Ein Mann, der eine Rikscha bzw. einen Handkarren zieht, teilt sich eine Strae in China mit einem Audi und einem Lkw.
Vier Mnner versuchen eine Heiluftballon zu reparieren, ein anderer Heiluftballon ist im Hintergrund zu sehen.
Ein Mann fhrt mit Inlineskates auf einem Gelnder.
Ein junger Mann fhrt auf Inlineskates ein Treppengelnder im Park hinunter und Leute schauen ihm dabei zu.
Mehrere Feuerwehrmnner stehen in voller Montur im Freien.
Ein Mann in einem hellgrnen Oberteil und mit Schutzhelm klettert einen Baum hinauf.
Straenarbeiter tragen orange Farbe zur Baustelle.
Ein kleines Mdchen putzt sich die Zhne mit einer orange-blauen Zahnbrste.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille haut mit einer Stange gegen einen Baum.
Zwei Mnner bedienen einen Schlauch, der im Wasser hngt. Worauf sie zielen, ist im Bild nicht erkennbar.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in Schlauchbooten versucht in einem eiskalten Fluss zu manvrieren.
Ein kleines Mdchen in Rettungsweste beobachtet einen Wal neben dem Boot.
Wartungsarbeiter reinigt die Auenseite eines rot-weien Zugs.
Ein alter Mann in einem blauen Oberteil fhrt auf seinem Fahrrad an einem groen Kreuzfahrtschiff vorbei.
Eine Frau arbeitet an der Nhmaschine.
Eine Frau mit blonden Haaren und roten Strhnen arbeitet am Computer.
Kinder spielen im Freien in einem Springbrunnen.
Eine junge Frau in Outdoor-Bekleidung wirft sich an einem sonnigen Tag mit anderen Personen, die aussehen wie Studenten, einen blauen Football zu.
Ein Straenarbeiter in grner Kleidung, in seiner Nhe ein oranger Kegel.
Bauarbeiter in blauen Hosen und hellgrnen Oberteilen schneiden Zweige eines Baumes ab.
Drei Gartenbauhelfer tragen einen heruntergefallenen Ast ab.
Eine junge blonde Frau in Sportkleidung ist dabei, einen blauen Football zu werfen.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau liegt in einem ruhigen Raum mit dem Gesicht nach unten auf einer Matte.
Zwei Kinder spielen in einem Fuballspiel auf dem Fuballfeld.
Ein Bullenreiter in voll gepolsterter Kleidung und mit Helm reitet auf einem groen braun-weien Bullen.
Zwei kleine Jungen sitzen im Wohnzimmer in Kisten neben zwei dekorativen Sthlen.
Eine Frau in einem leuchtend roten Kleid steht vor einem Gebude.
Ein junger Mann singt, mit dem Mikrofon an seinem Mund, auf einer Bhne.
Eine Band spielt auf einer kleiner Bhne mit Neonbeleuchtung.
Ein Mann in einem leuchtenden Oberteil, Khakihosen und mit einem orangen Schutzhelm geht an einer Mulchmaschine vorbei.
Ein hispanisch aussehender kleiner Junge sitzt rckwrts auf einem Esel.
Eine Familie sitzt auf einer Wiese, andere Personen gehen an ihnen vorbeigehen.
Ein Mann in Bauarbeiterkleidung beschneidet Baumkronen.
Ein Mdchen in einem grauen Tanktop reicht einem Mann in einem weien Oberteil ein Glas.
Kche bereiten Essen zu.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm gibt Kleinholz in einen industriellen Hcksler.
Ein lterer Mann hlt die Arme eine kleinen Jungen, der eine Batmanhose trgt.
Ein Junge in einem roten Trikot spielt Eishockey auf einer Eisflche im Freien.
Zwei Mnner, einer davon im schwarzen Mantel, unterhalten sich vor einem Gebude.
Zwei Frauen mit weien Kopfbedeckungen starren auf ein Handy.
Eine Frau hat eine Haltung eingenommen und streckt ihren Arm aus.
Ein Mann und zwei Jungen stehen im Spritzwasser.
Menschen gehen zur Herbst- oder Winterjahreszeit drauen spazieren.
Eine ltere Frau sitzt in einem Zelt auf einem Stuhl und repariert mit einer Schere ein Fischernetz.
Zwei ltere Herren erklren mit Begeisterung, wozu die Saite dient.
Eine Gruppe Mnner mit Cowboyhten sitzt neben einem Pferd.
Eine Dame in einem leuchtend gelben, schnen Kleid wird zum Tanzen aufgefordert, whrend Kinder zusehen.
Eine Frau in einem rosa-grnen Kleid tanzt mit einer Person in einem blauen Oberteil und weien Hosen.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher ist dabei, vor einem Publikum aufzutreten.
Zwei kleine Mdchen schauen sich in einem Geschft Barbiepuppen an.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil steht auf einem Flugzeug.
Zwei Mnner in Baseballkleidung spielen Baseball. Einer liegt mit einem Helm auf dem Boden, der andere ist in der Hocke.
Zwei Cowgirls mit weien Hten sitzen auf sehr gepflegten Pferden.
Ein Mann in weier Arbeitskleidung mit blauem Streifen bereitet Essen zum Servieren vor.
Zwei mit Gtern beladene Kanus treiben den Fluss hinab.
Ein junger Mann sonnt sich an einem schnen Strand, mitten im Meer steht ein Turm.
Drei kleine Kinder bedienen ein Mikroskop und einen Computer.
Eine junge Frau bekommt eine Manikre in einem Kosmetiksalon.
Zwei Mnner und vier Kinder tragen Partnerlook.
Eine groe Gruppe Kinder luft auf Zuggleisen, die von Bumen umgeben sind.
Zwei Mnner ringen miteinander und sind mitten in der Luft, whrend der Ringrichter und das Publikum zuschauen.
Ein Lehrer spricht im Klassenzimmer in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad spricht mit einer Frau, die hinter einigen Tischen sitzt.
Viele Menschen stehen auf dem U-Bahnhof, eine Frau sitzt und liest.
Zwei Polizisten zu Pferd blicken die Strae entlang.
Trainer des North Side-Baseballteams sprechen zu ihren Spielern auf der Spielerbank.
Ein gut gekleidetes Paar tanzt auf der Strae.
Eine Mutter, ihre Tochter und ihre Enkelin haben eine Autopanne, und dem armen kleinen Mdchen macht die Hitze zu schaffen.
Eine Frau kitzelt einen am Boden liegenden Mann, whrend fnf andere Personen lachen.
Drei Mnner mit einem Schlauch pumpen etwas aus einem lfass.
Ein Mann zeigt der Menschenmenge zwei Daumen nach oben.
Ein Metzger schneidet Fleisch auf dem Ladentisch.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen an einem sonnigen Tag auf einer Strae mit kleinen Husern und Freiluftexponaten.
Ein Mann luft in der Nhe des Wassers den Strand entlang, ber ihm fliegt ein Flugzeug.
Jugendliche tanzen auf der Strae.
Ein Mdchen in einer knallgelben Jacke posiert vor einem knallgelben Lkw.
Ein Hausmeister kehrt den Gehweg in einer belebten Strae mit vielen Autos und Fugngern.
Zwei junge Brder in kompletter Montur betreiben Kampfsport auf dem Balkon ihrer Eltern.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt zusammen auf dem verschneiten Berggipfel.
Zwei Mnner fegen einen Raum, der bis auf eine Leiter leer ist.
Ein Mann sitzt in seinem Zelt in den Bergen.
Ein schwarzer Hund ist im Begriff, eine Frisbee zu fangen.
Kinder vertreiben sich die Zeit, whrend andere zuschauen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil und einer blauen Jeans sieht einen schwarz gekleideten Mann auf der anderen Seite der Bahngleise an, im Hintergrund befindet sich eine Rolltreppe.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen miteinander, whrend andere Personen zuschauen.
Eine Band mit Gitarren und Schlagzeug spielen im Freien. Der Snger trgt einen Kinnbart, Sonnenbrille, ein schwarzes Oberteil und ein Bandana-Tuch. Ein anderer Musiker trgt einen Filzhut und ein lila Oberteil. Die anderen Musiker sind nicht abgebildet.
Ein junger Musiker spielt vor einer Skyline.
Ein Arbeiter in einem gestreiften Oberteil und mit Handschuhen hlt seinen Schutzhelm in einer Hand und greift mit der anderen in seinen Schritt.
Ein Mann in feinem Anzug spielt Klarinette.
Zwei Mnner auf Gelndemotorrdern springen ber einen Hgel in einer bewaldeten Umgebung.
Ein junger Mann in einem blauen Oberteil befindet sich mit seinem Fahrrad komplett in der Luft.
Ein Fahrradfahrer in einem hellblauen, kurzrmligen T-Shirt und mit Gesichtsschutz fhrt einen Trick aus, bei dem er in der Luft komplett auf dem Kopf steht. Im Hintergrund sind Nadelbume und ein bewlkter Himmel zu sehen.
Ein Mann grillt im Freien mit einigen Personen, die sein Fleisch genieen.
Einige Mnner und Jungen spielen Frisbee auf einer Grnflche.
Ein Mann posiert und sieht sich dabei um, whrend ein Mdchen angelt.
Ein asiatisch aussehendes Kind mit einer gelben Schleife im Haar sitzt auf einer Schaukel, eine asiatisch aussehende Frau steht hinter ihr.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem in der Luft fliegenden Fuball.
Eine junge Frau in blau-weier Turnkleidung befindet sich mitten in ihrer Gymnastikkr auf einem Sportereignis; ihre Mannschaftskameraden schauen ihr zu. 
Ein Mann bt mit seinem Dreistock vor einem roten Vorhang.
Ein Mann in einem hellblauen Oberteil steht in einem Raum voller Lebensmittelspenden und kippt Sachen von einem Mlleimer in einen anderen.
Kinder gehen auf einem unbefestigten Weg.
Zwei Postmitarbeiter halten Behlter voller Konserven und lcheln.
Eine kleines Kind spielt in einer Lexmark-Kiste und benutzt sie als Burgfestung.
Eine Balletttnzerin in einem blauen Leotard beugt sich mit linkem ausgestrecktem Arm nach hinten.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem orangen Oberteil hlt Flipflops und hat seine Hand auf dem Kopf.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil spielt Flte.
Eine Krankenschwester hrt mit einem Stethoskop das Herz einer anderen Frau ab.
Eine brnette Frau in einem blauen Oberteil und mit Schutzbrille fhrt ein wissenschaftliches Experiment durch.
Ein kleines Kind in einem blauen Mantel beobachtet schwimmende Enten.
Ein Mann im Neoprenanzug surft auf einem weien Surfboard.
Ein Hund springt in der Nhe eines Baums in den Schnee.
Vier Jungen spielen in einem Haus und tragen alle T-Shirts.
Zwei Mnner mit Schutzhelmen sgen ein Holzbrett.
Drei Mnner sitzen auf einem Boot und schauen in den Himmel.
Eine Nonne reicht einem Mann eine Serviette.
Vier Tnzerinnen in weien, flieenden Kleidern fhren ihre Choreografie auf.
Eine Ballerina in einem roten Kleid springt in die Hhe.
Eine Frau gibt einer anderen, drauen auf einer Leiter stehenden Frau Puppen aus dem Fenster.
Zu sehen sind vier Soldaten, zwei von ihnen sind verletzt und sitzen im Rollstuhl.
Ein Baseballspieler, der gerade den Ball mit dem Schlger getroffen hat.
Menschen stehen drauen und warten, dass der mit Graffiti bemalte Zug vorbeifhrt.
Drei Frauen verkleiden sich fr eine Kostmparty als Ninjas.
Ein Kind in einem weien Oberteil klatscht in die Hnde.
Ein Mann in einem roten Pullover und mit blauer Kopfbedeckung malt ein Bild.
Ein chinesischer Mann spielt in einer Band Schlagzeug.
Ein asiatischer, wei gekleideter Koch schneidet Fleisch in einem Restaurant.
Mnner bereiten in einer Kche Essen zu.
Ein kleines, blau gekleidetes Mdchen schaut einem kleinen, schwarz gekleideten Jungen dabei zu, wie er auf eine Disney Prinzessin-Pinata schlgt.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Gesichtsbemalung schlgt mit dem Stock auf eine Pinata.
Ein lterer Herr in einem hellbraunen Pullover arbeitet an einem Bild.
Ein alter Mann in einer roten Jacke hlt Geld in die Hhe.
Eine hellhutige Frau springt vor einer Gruppe afrikanischer Kinder in die Luft und schlgt dabei die Hacken zusammen.
Ein Mann und einer kleiner Junge genieen Gemse zum Abendessen.
Ein Teenager sitzt in einem Raum und stopft sich etwas in den Mund.
Ein Mann spielt Akkordeon.
Ein Mann mit Schal wirft an einem einsamen Strand einen Stock wie einen Speer.
Ein Mann in einem Blazer und mit Hut spielt auf der Strae Gitarre und Harmonika.
Zwei Mnner beugen sich ber die Hydraulikschluche eines landwirtschaftlichen Gerts von John Deere.
Zwei Straenknstlerinnen interagieren spielerisch mit einem Ball.
Eine amische Frau hngt im Freien Wsche zum Trocknen auf eine Leine.
Zwei junge Mdchen zeigen Kopien einer Strichzeichnung eines Tiers.
Ein kleiner Junge mit roten Schwimmflgeln watet durch den Pool.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen spielt neben Fahrrdern Fuball.
Ein Mann mit weiem Schutzhelm zieht eine Meeressonde zu sich heran, die ber der Bootsseite hngt.
Zwei kleine Jungen rudern durch das braune trbe Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge macht einen hohen Sprung ber dem Swimmingpool, ein Mann ist im Hintergrund zu sehen.
Ein Junge trgt einen Baseballhandschuh und hlt einen Baseball.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen sitzt auf einer Bank und bewundert ein Gemlde in einer Ausstellung, whrend andere Menschen vorbeigehen.
Eine Menschenmenge geht durch ein Gebude, in der Mitte des Bildes befinden sich groe Skulpturen.
Ein Mann in Shorts und T-Shirt und mit Rucksack geht mit nach oben gerichteten Blick durch ein Kunstmuseum.
Ein Mann und vier mnnliche Jugendliche harken ein Baseballfeld.
Ein Student fotografiert ein Kunstwerk.
Studenten blicken konzentriert in eine Richtung.
Ein Frau mit Mundschutz, Kittel und Handschuhen behandelt eine liegende Person in einem Raum.
Ein paar Jungen machen in einem Klassenraum Gruppenarbeit.
Ein Mann fhrt Skateboard in einem Skatepark, andere Skater sind im Hintergrund zu sehen.
Ein Mann und ein Kleinkind spielen drauen auf dem Rasen.
Ein Lkw mit einem Kran und drei Arbeitern steht vor einem Bauprojekt mit grner Verkleidung.
Ein kleines Kind wirft eine Frisbee zu Boden.
Eine Inderin lernt von einem Mann, wie man Stoff herstellt.
Ein Mann, verkleidet als Filmfigur und mit einer Pistole in der Hand, steht im Kinofoyer.
Ein Polizist nimmt einen Hund an die Leine.
Ein Polizist reitet auf einem Pferd durch die Strae.
Eine Gruppe Frauen schaut sich in einem Walmart Laptops an probiert sie aus.
Ein mnnlicher Tennisspieler spielt auf Lehmboden und holt zu einer linken Vorhand aus.
Eine junge Frau schaut den drei grnen durch die Luft fliegenden Hula-Hoop-Reifen nach.
Ein rot gekleidete Mann steht hinter den Ketten und schaut ber das Wasser in Richtung Land.
Neun Mnner spielen eifrig Rugby auf einem Feld im Freien.
Zwei Mnner kmpfen mit Schwertern vor einer Menschenmenge.
Ein seltsames Kind mit knstlichem Auge, Karren und einem Schnitt in der Lippe streckt seine rechte Hand aus.
Ein Mann sitzt drauen auf einem Eimer und spielt Banjo.
Ein Tennisspieler auf einem hellorangen Platz macht sich bereit, den Ball zu schlagen.
Zwei rosa gekleidete Frauen sitzen auf Schaukeln, die Teil einer aufgehngten quadratischen Holzvorrichtung sind.
Zwei Kinder schauen in einer stdtischen Strae durch ein Teleskop, der Junge steht auf einer Leiter.
Eine Gruppe Kinder befindet sich im Wasser und hebt einen blonden Jungen in roter Badehose hoch.
Ein Mann zeigt einer Person in einem Auto verschiedene Schachteln mit Parfums.
Kinder spielen ein Spiel im Freien.
Zwei Soldatinnen erledigen Broarbeit an einem Schreibtisch.
Eine Frau macht Kurzhanteltraining in einem Fitnesstudio.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzwei karierten Oberteil malt mit einem kleinen blonden Mdchen in einem Malbuch.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen am Meer hlt ein Netz.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen sitzt mit Essen und Bier an einem Restauranttisch.
Eine junge Baseballspielerin rutscht Richtung Home Plate, aber wird vom Schiedsrichter abgepfiffen.
Zwei Personen springen auf einer Brcke in den Bergen.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Oberteil trgt einen Besen und eine Kehrschaufel.
Ein kleines Mdchen in blau-roten Gummistiefeln luft den Strand entlang.
Ein kleines blondes Mdchen schaut durch ein grnes Fernglas.
Ein Junge streichelt einen Hund in einem Hof mit Garten.
Eine brnette Frau berreicht einem blonden Jungen vor einer Menschenmenge einen Geburtstagskuchen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen aller Altersklassen versammelt sich in der weien Kche fr Getrnke.
Eine kleiner Junge und eine Frau posieren neben einem Schneemann, ein Hund liegt auf dem flachen, schneebedeckten Boden.
Ein kleiner Junge in Flanell-Schlafanzughosen und einem orangen Oberteil spielt auf dem Sofa Gitarre.
Ein Junge wird am Strand im Sand eingegraben.
Ein Kind in grauen Hosen, einem grnen Wintermantel und einer schwarzen Skimtze fttert Gnse in einem See.
Ein Mann streicht eine Wand.
Eine kleiner Junge fhrt mit seinem pedalbetriebenen Spielzeugtraktor drauen herum, whrend sein Freund im Hintergrund herumspringt.
Ein Kind in einem roten Schneeanzug steht neben einem Schneehaufen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen stehen nebeneinander, und das Mdchen hlt einen Volleyball.
Ein kleines Mdchen und ein kleiner Junge stellen mit Puppen und Fantasiegeschirr eine Teerunde nach.
Zwei kleine Kinder in Winterbekleidung fahren mit ihren Schlitten einen Hgel hinunter.
Ein Bauarbeiter in einer orangen Weste streckt sich.
Ein Mann schaut einer Frau und einem Jungen beim Ballonkampf zu.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid spielt mit einem chinesischen Jo-Jo.
Drei junge Frauen in weien und schwarzen Kleidern spielen auf einer Bhne Violine.
Ein Kind wischt mit der Hand Werbung von der Tafel.
Zwei Personen, von denen eine ein blaues und die andere ein rosa Oberteil trgt, seilen sich von einem Gebude ab.
Zwei arbeitende Dachdecker blicken ber eine Stadt.
Ein Mann hebt eine Frau in einem blau-weien Kostm hoch.
Eine Gruppe Soldaten marschiert vor einem McDonald's.
Ein begeistertes kleines Mdchen zeigt ihr Knnen auf dem Schlagzeug.
Ein Spieler am Strand wartet darauf, einen Ball zu fangen.
Ein mnnlicher Fotograf kniet auf einem Parkplatz und macht ein Foto mit einer Nikon-Kamera.
Zwei Frauen fhren ein Gesprch in einem fast komplett weien, modernen Bro.
Ein Herr steht neben einer groen Menschenmenge und lsst sich fotografieren.
Eine Reklametafel fr Comcast Digital Voice mit Werbung fr Madagascar2.
Ein Kind mit rot-blauen Schwimmflgeln blickt ins Wasser.
Ein lterer Mann spielt Gitarre in einer Band.
Eine Frau sitzt im Schneidersitz im Gras und hlt zwei kleine Mdchen.
Ein Bergsteiger mit Helm klettert einen Felsen hoch, im Hintergrund sind Bume zu sehen.
Mehrere kleine Mdchen in Kostmen unterhalten ihre Freunde und Familien.
Ein Mdchen macht auf einem Parkplatz Seilspringen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht in einer Schlange vor dem Hyatt Regency.
Ein Mdchen mit blauen Strhnen schaut einem Hund beim Springen nach einer Frisbee zu.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht auf einem Parkplatz Seilspringen.
Eine Frau spielt Keyboard und singt dabei in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei Bauarbeiter manvrieren einen Baumstamm auf eine oder von einer Ladeflche auf einer von Bumen gesumten Strae.
Ein Mann mit Hosentrgern tanzt auf einer Bhne, whrend hinter ihm eine Band spielt.
Ein Mann steht auf einem Berggipfel und blickt in die Ferne.
Kinder spielen auf dem Gehweg und sind von Blttern umgeben.
Ein mnnlicher Wanderer trgt seine Ausrstung den schneebedeckten Berg hinauf.
Ein Mann fhrt in den Bergen Ski.
Ein Mann steht auf dem Gipfel eines Berges und bewundert den Sonnenuntergang.
Ein Kind schaut sich ein Prparat durch ein Mikroskop an.
Eine junges schwarz gekleidetes Mdchen luft auf einem Laufband.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen macht auf dem Rasen Sport.
Mnner und Frauen machen in einem ffentlichen Park Yoga.
Zwei Frauen in Rcken tanzen auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann auf einer Bhne zeigt ins Publikum, hlt ein Mikrofon und hinter ihm befinden sich Banjospieler.
Zwei Frauen stehen sich beim Tanzen gegenber.
Eine Gruppe Inlineskater folgt dem fhrenden Skater in blauer Hose und rotem Oberteil auf einem Holzboden.
Zwei braune Hunde spielen mit einem roten Ball.
Ein junger Mann mit einer nach hinten gedrehten Basecap balanciert mit seinem Skateboard auf einer Betonkante.
Eine junge Dame steht nach der Auffhrung eines Theaterstcks.
Eine Kitesurfer und ein Drachenflieger bereiten auf einem grasbewachsenen Hang ihre Drachen zum Fliegen vor.
Kinder spielen auf einem Spielplatz, whrend ein Mann auf einer Bank sitzt und Zeitung liest.
Zwei Frauen gehen auf einer grauen Strae.
Ein Mann im Anzug und mit Hut hat ein Weinglas in der Hand.
Ein Baseman hlt seinen Handschuh auf, um einen Ball zu fangen und seinen Gegner damit zu berhren.
Ein Kameramann arbeitet bei einer Sportveranstaltung.
Eine Frau in einem trkisen Oberteil spricht mit dem Busfahrer in der Nhe eines auslndischen Cafs.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil putzt ein Fenster hoch ber dem Boden.
Eine Frau mit grnen Haaren, in einem aufreizenden Outfit und mit schwarzen Absatzschuhen posiert hinter einigen schwarzen Gelndern.
Drei Reiter befinden sich auf ihren Pferden in einem Rennen.
Eine groe Menschenmenge in einer stdtischen Umgebung heben ihre Arme in die Luft, whrend Fotografen die Veranstaltung dokumentieren.
Ein kleines Kind tanzt vor einem Orchester.
Mnner und Frauen essen nahe einer Schaufensterfront; eine Frau und ein Mann mit einem Kinderwagen gehen aufeinander zu.
Ein kleines blondes Kind starrt auf ein Foto.
Eine junge Frau mit einer Feder im Haar sticht aus einer Menschenmenge hinaus.
Ein Cowboy auf einem Pferd beim Rodeo.
Asiatische Religise in einem dunkelroten Gewand sprechen mit dem Patron an einem Gemsemarktstand im Freien.
Ein kleiner Junge springt in ein groes Gewsser.
Ein Schwimmer schwimmt von einer Seite des Pools zur anderen.
Vier Mnner sitzen in einem verlassenen Dorf auf einer Bank.
Eine gelb gekleidete Frau arbeitet an einem Obststand im Freien, ein Kunde mit Sonnenbrille steht neben dem Stand.
Ein mnnlicher Grafikdesigner (etwa 38Jahre alt) zeichnet an einem Designtisch in einem Bro.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzweien Gewand, mit einer schwarzen Kopfbedeckung und weien Handschuhen sitzt auf einem Verstrker und spielt Tuba, aus deren ffnung Flammen kommen.
Eine junge Frau fhrt eine moderne Tanzchoreografie auf.
Ein Kind in einem grnen Oberteil schaut nach etwas, das auerhalb des Bildes liegt.
Ein Mdchen in einem rosa Oberteil geniet leckere Zuckerwatte.
Eine Frau in einem schwingenden grnen Kleid tanzt.
Ein Mann vergngt sich an einem Nachmittag beim Golfen.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann spielt ein langes Instrument mit anderen in einem Orchester.
Drei Frauen in Trainingsanzgen putzen in gebckter Haltung den Boden eines Basketballplatzes.
Ein Mann in rot-gelber Kleidung fhrt mit einem Sportrad auf einer Rennstrecke.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Gehweg auf einem Stuhl und liest Zeitung.
Ein Hund mit krausem Fell versucht einen anderen Hund zu beien, der ein grn-oranges Halsband trgt.
Eine groe Menschenmenge steht in zwei Ovalen und hrt der im Hintergrund spielenden Band zu.
Ein Frau in Taucherausrstung steht lachend bis zum Hals im Swimmingpool.
Menschen trainieren mit Schonern in einem Studio.
Eine Sngerin mit Tamburin spielt mit einem Gitarristen und einem Schlagzeuger auf einer Bhne.
Ein Rodeoreiter zeigt einen groartigen Sprung mit seinem bockenden Pferd .
Zwei Tennisspielerinnen reichen sich ber das Netz die Hand, ein Schiedsrichter und ein Balljunge schauen zu.
Ein Cowboy reitet bei einem Rodeo auf einem wilden Pferd und kann sich kaum halten.
Ein schwarz gekleidetes Mdchen springt in die Hhe und hlt dabei die Schnur eines pinken Ballons.
Ein kleines Mdchen rennt durch eine sitzende Menschenmenge.
Ein Brutigam in einem schwarzen Smoking beugt sich zu seiner Braut herunter und ksst sie auf der Hochzeitsfeier in einem Haus.
Mehrere Personen tanzen in einem vollen Raum.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil und mit Namensschild saugt ein Gebudemodell ab.
Ein orientalisch aussehender Mann in einem weien Oberteil verkauft Essen im Freien.
Ein Mann sitzt oben auf einer Straenlaterne mit einem Bild, das etwas mit Knochen zeigt.
Eine Gruppe Mnner, einer davon mit einem Fahrrad, befindet sich auf einem Kai mit Reifen und einem Seil.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten in einem Feld in der Nhe einer Grube, die ein Hund hochzuklettern versucht.
Ein Junge macht in einem Skatepark einen Trick auf seinem Skateboard.
Eine Gruppe Mnner steht um einen Tisch und schaut auf eine Karte.
Ein Kleinkind hat Spa beim Zhneputzen.
Ein Werfer in einem blauen Oberteil steht auf dem Hgel und berprft vor dem Wurf seinen Stand.
Ein Baseballspieler ist kurz davor, ber eine Base zu rennen.
Ein Baseballspieler holt zum Wurf aus, der Fnger des gegnerischen Teams geht in Position fr den Ball.
Ein Mann in weier Baseballkleidung hebt einen Baseball auf.
Ein Baserunner wird vom gegnerischen Team berhrt.
Ein Mann in Baseballkleidung versucht den Baseball zu fangen.
Ein Baseballspieler in rot-weier Baseballkleidung sieht zu, wie sein Mitspieler beim Rennen zu einer Base stolpert.
Spieler22 bekommt den Wurf einer Frau nahe des Werferhgels.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Mantel verkauft bunte Ballons von einem Wagen aus, whrend Menschen vorbeigehen.
Ein Kind guckt aus dem Fenster eines Busses.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grnen Oberteil spielt mit einem kleinen Mdchen in einem rosa Oberteil und rosa Rock im Wasser.
Menschen stehen und gehen um einen groen Brunnen, vor dem zwei Kinder stehen.
Drei Mnner stehen auf einer Bhne, einer von ihnen spielt Gitarre, ein anderer Keyboard.
Zwei Jungen spielen im Sand.
Eine ltere Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid und mit Schrze hngt Sachen auf die Wscheleine.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt ein Computerspiel.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Trgerhemd fhrt einen Traktor mit mehreren Beifahrern.
Schulkinder in Uniformen sitzen auf einem Hgel und essen Mittag.
Ein Konditor bestreut Backwaren auf einem Blech.
Kinder und Erwachsene tragen Schrzen und backen Kekse.
Ein Mann mit verrckter Frisur und einem langen geflochtenen Bart sitzt auf dem Gehweg und spielt ein Saiteninstrument.
Eine Frau und ein Mdchen schauen zusammen auf eine schwebende Kugel.
Eine kleiner Junge in einem blauen Oberteil und mit blauer Kopfbedeckung schaut sich von drauen ein Modell an.
Ein Mann schneidet sein Essen auf, um es auf einem Teller anzurichten.
Eine Gruppe multiethnischer Jugendlicher sitzt im Kreis auf einer Wiese neben einem Berg.
Ein Paar luft Hndchen haltend den Strand entlang.
Ein frisch vermhltes Ehepaar posiert fr Hochzeitsfotos vor einem schnen Springbrunnen.
Eine Gruppe junger Cheerleader tritt bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien auf.
Sechs Mnner in gelben Anzgen und orangen Rettungswesten verlassen im Boot eine Felsenkste.
Eine Person in wasserdichter Kleidung und mit den Stiefeln im Wasser sitzt zwischen den Felsen.
Drei Personen genieen den freien Fall, bevor Sie ihre Fallschirme ffnen.
Ein kleiner junge schaut einen komplett mit goldener Farbe bemalten Mann an.
Ein Mnnerband sitzt in einem Halbkreis und spielt Blechblasinstrumente im Park.
Mnner in Kostmen und mit Hten der Amerikanischen Revolution stehen, amerikanische Flaggen haltend, mit dem Rcken zur Kamera
Eine Mdchen und ein Junge machen im Freien Breakdance.
Ein Mann, der ein blaues lfass trgt, macht eine Straenshow.
Ein Mann trgt Shorts mit der amerikanischen Flagge als Motiv, ein Oberteil und eine Kopfbedeckung bei einer Zusammenkunft im Freien.
Ein Mann ist kurz davor, ins Wasser zu strzen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen unterhlt sich, whrend sich ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil Notizen macht.
Eine Gruppe Mnner hlt eine Konferenz ab.
Der Werfer mit der Nummer46 steht auf seinem Hgel und ist im Begriff, seinen nchsten Wurf auszufhren.
Ein Baseballspieler in einem roten Trikot hechtet nach dem Ball.
Ein Baseballspieler in einem blauen Trikot berhrt einen Spieler im roten Trikot.
Eine Frau mit grnen Haaren tritt mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen vor Publikum auf.
Ein junges blondes Mdchen guckt durch ein Mikroskop.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Mantel wartet auf die Wsche und liest dabei Zeitung.
Ein Mann sitzt in seinem Brostuhl und zieht einen roten Fleecepullover an.
Ein lterer Mann spielt Gitarre auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann und eine Frau richten ein Esszimmer ein.
Ein Mann nimmt an einem traditionellen Ritualtanz teil.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Trikot und mit einer roten Kappe holt zum Wurf eines Baseballs aus.
Drei Mnner arbeiten auf einer Baustelle.
Ein Baseballspieler rutscht Richtung Home Plate, whrend ein Fnger des gegnerischen Teams darauf wartet, dass der Baseball ins Aus geht.
Ein Baseballspieler mit einem roten Helm trifft einen Baseball.
Eine Frau kauft in einem afrikanischen Lebensmittelgeschft Gemse und Frchte ein.
Ein junges Mdchen macht eine riesige Blase auf der Veranda.
Mehrere Mnner in weien Kochjacken arbeiten in einer Kche.
Ein Stier luft auf ein rotes Tuch zu.
Ein toter Stier wird von Pferden aus einer Arena gezogen.
Eine langhaarige Person sitzt auf einem violetten Sofa.
Ein Mann mit Rucksack auf dem Rcken wird an der Frischetheke von einem Kassierer mit einer schwarzen Kopfbedeckung bedient.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen folgt einem ansteigenden und von Bumen gesumten Weg.
Acht junge Frauen fhren auf dem Spielfeld einen Cheerleading-Tanz auf.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil betet in der ffentlichkeit.
Eine Person in einem weien Oberteil und blauen Jeans streckt eine Hand aus und hlt einen leeren Becher in der anderen; auf dem Boden befindet sich eine schmutzige Flssigkeit.
Eine lange Menschenschlange steht vor dem Magpie Cafe an.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper befindet sich in der Luft, hinter ihm sein Skateboard.
Einzelne Personen sitzen unter frisch blhenden Bumen ruhig auf Parkbnken in einer stdtischem Umgebung.
Zwei Frauen heben Geld von einem Automaten ab und die Frau links hat zwei Kinder.
Ein Mann macht mit seinem Handy Fotos von Steinfiguren, whrend sein Hund zuschaut.
Eine junges Paar fhrt Bus; der Arm des Jungen ist um das Mdchen gelegt.
Ein kleiner Junge luft durch den Wald.
Menschen fahren in einer U-Bahn-Station mit der Rolltreppe hoch und runter.
Eine Frau fhrt einen heimischen Tanz vor einer Band auf.
Eine Frau in Folklorekleidung kniet auf dem Boden und nimmt eine Tanzposition mit gebeugtem Rcken ein.
Vier Personen in schwarzen Leotards tanzen an einem Strand.
Im Vordergrund drei Kinder am Strand, im Hintergrund weitere Personen.
Menschen haben Spa bei einer Partie Bowling.
Ein geheimnisvoller Mann lehnt an der weien Wand eines schwach beleuchteten Tunnels.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem bockenden Rodeo-Bullen.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau schaut durch ein Teleskop und im Hintergrund befinden sich mehrere Personen im Park.
Ein Mann schaut sich durch ein Teleskop den Mond in der Dmmerung an.
Zwei asiatisch aussehende Mnner sitzen und schauen nach etwas, das auerhalb des Bildes liegt.
Ein junger bergewichtiger Mann wirft einen Ball.
Ein lterer hellhutiger Mann mit Schutzbrille bearbeitet Metall an einem Amboss.
Drei Bauarbeiter stellen das Fundament einer Zufahrt fertig.
Eine Frau mit einer roten Kopfbedeckung angelt in einem ruhigen, idyllischen See.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid hngt Wsche auf eine Leine im Garten auf.
Eine junge Frau streicht die Wand eines Raums in einem leuchtenden Orange-Rot.
Ein Mann drckt eine Art Teig zwischen zwei Holzwendern.
Eine Frau mit geflochtenen dunklen Haaren lchelt bei dem um sie herum fliegenden Taubenschwarm.
Ein Mann fhrt hinter einem Abschleppwagen.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil mit Militrkennzeichnung benutzt eine orange Taschenlampe.
Eine Gruppe arbeitet an einem Projekt mit einem Piano und hat 53:11 brig.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen mit wei geschminkten Gesichtern ist um einen Tisch versammelt, der vor einem Lkw steht; einige von ihnen spielen Instrumente.
Ein Tischler misst ein Brett.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Pullover und mit Brille lacht.
Ein Schlangenmensch in einem eigenartig karierten Kostm und mit einer weien Maske.
Eine brnette Frau schneidet einem schwarzweien Hund das Fell.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm und Gesichtsschutz steht unttig bei der Arbeit herum.
Ein Mann befindet sich mit einem Seil am Boden eines Betonlochs.
Zwei Frauen mit Schutzbrillen schauen in dasselbe Notizbuch.
Mnner unterhalten sich, whrend zwei Mnner im Arbeitskorb stehen.
Frauen vergngen sich bei ihren Shoppingtag.
Frauen tanzen barfu in bunten Kostmen.
In verschiedenfarbigen Kleidern tanzende Frauen aus der Vogelperspektive.
Vier Mdchen in blau-violetten Kostmen tanzen synchron.
Ein junger Baseballspieler wirft den Ball.
Ein Mann versucht die Base zu treffen, ein anderer wirft den Ball.
Ein Snger kniet mit dem Mikrofon in der Hand auf dem Boden, im Hintergrund spielt ein Schlagzeuger.
Ein Mann lehnt ber die Absperrung und spricht mit einem sich ausruhenden Baseballspieler.
Ein Junge springt in einem ffentlichen Schwimmbad von einem hohen Sprungbrett.
Ein Jockey in tief geduckter Haltung spornt sein Pferd an, ein anderer Jockey ist dicht hinter ihm.
Ein mit Schlamm bedeckter Jockey beim Pferderennen.
Ein Jockey auf einem weien Kamel fhrt ein Kamelrennen an.
Drei junge, sportliche Mdchen tragen schwarz-blaue Turnanzge.
Ein Mann in blauen Jeans und einige Personen im Hintergrund rumen ein groes Durcheinander auf.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut einem Gelndemotorradfahrer zu.
Ein Mann trgt ein blaues Pfauenkostm, unter ihm steigt Rauch und Nebel auf.
Ein Baseballspieler fngt einen auf ihn zu fliegenden Ball.
Ein Mdchen in zerrissenen Jeans und einem weien T-Shirt fhrt andere in einem Synchrontanz an.
Eine asiatische Turnerin in einem strassbesetzten Kostm hlt einen Stab.
Ein mnnlicher Skateboarder in einem schwarzen Oberteil und weien Hosen springt ber ein gelbes Hindernis.
Vier junge Turnerinnen treten bei einem Gymnastik-Mannschaftswettbewerb an.
Eine junge Turnerin in einem weinrot-silbernen Gymnastikanzug fhrt eine Kr vor.
Ein junger Mann macht mit seinem Skateboard Tricks.
Eine Turnerin macht einen Salto, ihre Beine sind in der Luft und der Kopf zeigt Richtung Boden.
Ein Mann benutzt einen Schirm.
Zwei Jungen in einem Garten werden von einem anderen mit einer Wasserpistole beschossen.
Indios in Umhngen versammeln sich zum Essen und Trinken.
Bei einer Wasserschlacht spritzt ein Junge einem Mdchen Wasser ins Gesicht.
Eine Band tritt auf einer beleuchteten Bhne auf.
Ein blonder Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug und mit gelben Schuhen springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein Esel schwebt in der Luft, nachdem das Fuhrwerk, vor das er gespannt wurde, umgekippt ist.
Zwei Mnner treten beim Kampfsport gegeneinander an.
Eine Person in einem orangen Kajak manvriert durch Stromschnellen.
Zwei Mnner fahren auf einem Motorrad mit Seitenwagen.
Ein belebter stdtischer Platz, auf dem Straenknstler auftreten.
Zwei Mnner reparieren ein Mdchenfahrrad vor einer Garage.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einem roten Trainingsanzug repariert sein Fahrrad.
Zwei Matrosen spielen mit zwei jungen Mdchen Monopoly.
Ein Mann steht in einem Waschsalon und zeigt auf eine Taste einer Waschmaschine.
Zwei Jungen in einem Waldgebiet machen Laub in einen durchsichtigen Behlter.
Zwei Musiker spielen auf einer Bhne vor Publikum.
Ein Mann in einer Lederjacke steht mit einem Helm in der Hand am Fugngerberweg.
Ein Mann macht eine Arschbombe ins Wasser, Stuhlreihen sind im Hintergrund zu sehen.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Tutu und Leotard trgt Boxhandschuhe, die sie, auf einem ffentlichen Platz stehend, ber ihren Kopf hebt.
Fnf Personen befinden sich bei einer Rockkonzert-Probe.
Ein kleiner Junge ist dabei, einen Basketball in den Korb zu werfen.
Drei Schwimmer mit blauer, grner bzw. gelber Badekappe machen sich bereit fr den Wettkampf.
Ein Teenager in einem blauen T-Shirt spielt ein Spiel an einem Tisch in einer Videospielhalle.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Pullover und mit einer Kopfbedeckung spielt Synthesizer.
Ein Fotograf in einem grnen Oberteil und Jeans bckt sich, um einen aus dem Becken steigenden Schwimmer in roter Schwimmkleidung zu fotografieren.
Eine Schwimmerin rennt, nachdem sie auf dem Schwimmbecken gestiegen ist.
Ein junges Mdchen isst ein Stck Kuchen.
Mnner treten bei einem Motorradrennen gegeneinander an.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper und in schwarzen Hosen zieht am Bein eines anderen Mannes in grnen Hosen.
Ein Baseballspieler springt gegen den Zaun, um den Ball zu fangen.
Ein Baseballspieler in weiem Trikot wirft den Ball zu einem anderen Spieler an einer Base.
Zwei Mnner spielen Kricket in einem Park.
Ein Baseballspieler in grauem Trikot fngt einen Bodenball mit seinem Handschuh.
Ein Junge schaukelt auf einer grnen Schaukel.
Ein Gruppe Kinder hat Spa beim Schwimmen und ein Junge macht einen Rckwrtssalto.
Eine rothaarige Frau singt.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Tutu macht einen Tanzschritt, sechs andere Mdchen stehen neben ihr.
Ein abgekmpfter Mann in einem blauen Oberteil fhrt in seinem Kajak ber einen See.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung hebt in der Nhe des Meeres einen Sack hoch.
Eine rosa gekleidete Person versucht auf ein Pferd zu steigen.
Ein Cowboy hat beim Rodeo ein junges Kalb eingefangen und wird von Fans im Hintergrund bejubelt.
Die Schwimmer bereiten sich auf ihren Wettkampf vor.
Ein wei gekleideter Baseballspieler rutscht in die Base, whrend der grau gekleidete Spieler ihn zu berhren versucht.
Ein Motorradfahrer macht vor tausenden von Menschen im Publikum erstaunliche Tricks.
Zwei Hunde spielen zusammen auf der Wiese vor einem kleinen Steinbrunnen.
Arbeiter versuchen die verwickelten Fischernetze zu entwirren.
Zwei Mnner sitzen am Kai auf einem Haufen Fischernetze neben einem aufwendig gestalteten Fischerboot.
Eine Band spielt in nchtlicher Kulisse vor Publikum.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil spielt auf einem blauen Schlagzeug.
Ein Skater fhrt vor Zuschauern auf einem Parcours.
Ein Mann in einem am Strand gelegenen Skatepark macht einen Ollie aus dem Bowl.
Ein Mdchen klettert ber ein Drahtbndel.
Zwei Mnner, mit dem Rcken zur Kamera gewandt, kochen am Herd.
Ein Mann fliegt im Salto durch die Luft, im Hintergrund steht eine groe Kiefer.
Ein Junge tanzt mit aufgesetzten Kopfhrern.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil spielt Trompete.
Eine Frau versucht vor zwei Fotografen zu surfen.
Eine Frau reitet an einem sonnigen Nachmittag auf einem Pferd.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer befindet sich gefhrlich nah an einer bewaldeten Klippe.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kommen vor dem Rodeo mit hoch gehaltener amerikanischer Flagge eingeritten.
Eine kleiner Junge in einem blauen T-Shirt guckt durch ein Mikroskop.
Zwei Frauen sind mit der Vorbereitung oder dem Verkauf von etwas in gelben Beuteln beschftigt.
Drei Mnner spielen auf der Bhne Musik. Einer spielt Klavier, der zweite singt und der dritte spielt Trommel.
Ein Surfer zeigt Zuschauern sein Knnen mithilfe einer selbst gebauten Wassermaschine.
Eine Frau liest eine Zeitschrift, whrend ihre Wsche gewaschen wird.
Vier kleine nackte Jungen spielen im trben Wasser mit einem Ochsen.
Ein Mann in einem Clownskostm balanciert eine Untertasse auf einem Stock auf seiner Nase.
Teenager spielen Gitarre in einer Rockband.
Eine Frau im Lebensmittelladen schaut sich eine blaue Kiste an, eine kleinere Frau guckt sich etwas auf Ihrem Telefon an.
Ein Actionfoto bei einem Roller-Derby-Spiel mit einer Spielerin im Vordergrund.
Zwei dunkelhaarige Frauen in Tanktops, eine hellhutig, die andere Afroamerikanerin, singen in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei Taucher untersuchen einen groen Metallgegenstand im Wasser.
Ein Gitarrist spielt auf der Bhne unter einem roten Scheinwerfer.
Mehrere Frauen sitzen im Schneidersitz und machen Handarbeit.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Oberteil spricht mit zwei anderen Frauen und einem Mann mit Brille.
Zwei mnnliche DJs legen im Dunkeln mit dem Computer Musik auf.
Eine Frau fhrt die Strandpromenade auf einem Gefhrt mit einem Pony an der Vorderseite entlang.
Eine Gruppe Kinder und Jugendliche fahren Skateboard auf einer Rampe.
Eine Gruppe Touristen fhrt in kleinen Booten an einem von Wasser umgebenden Haus vorbei.
Ein Prchen sitzt zusammen an einem runden Tisch in einem lteren, rustikalen Gebude.
Zwei Boote mit Paddlern und Passagieren fahren auf einem Fluss, dessen Ufer mit Husern bebaut ist.
Ein Mann in einem braun gestreiften Anzug hlt einen Vortrag.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille und Kopfbedeckung steht in einem Feld voller Wildblumen und untersucht eine der Blumen.
Ein Forscher schaut sich auf einem Trampelpfad eine Blume an.
Eine Person mit einer Wollmtze und einem blauen Mantel beugt sich auf dem Gehweg ber Koffer mit verschiedenen Sachen wie Kameras und Scheren.
Mehrere Mnner auf dem Deck eines Schiffes lassen einen anderen Mann ins Wasser herab.
Ein auf dem Boden sitzender Mann schaut aus einem groen Fenster.
Ein Mann macht einen einhndigen Handstand auf einem Holzboden.
Ein Mann bekommt von einer Frau ein Blatt Papier berreicht und schttelt ihr die Hand, whrend ihnen ein Mann in einem Oberteil mit dem Aufdruck Ohio State Geography dabei zusieht.
Zwei Mnner in Karateanzgen kmpfen mit Kampfstcken.
Ein Mann hlt begeistert ein aufgefchertes Kartenspiel in die Hhe.
Eine Person verquirlt Eier mit einem Handmixer.
Ein Mann sprht ein Bild an eine Wand.
Ein Mann balanciert in einer Pose, whrend eine Frau den Kai an ihm vorbeiluft.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann tanzt Ballett vor dem Kai, an dem ein Ausflugsschiff liegt.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann posiert fr ein Foto.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann sitzt am Strand unter einem roten Sonnenschirm.
Eine Gruppe ist im Schwimmbad schwimmen, whrend Familie und Freunde in der Nhe warten.
Ein Mann scheint die Insekten auf seinem Krper und seiner Waffe nicht wahrzunehmen.
Ein grau gekleideter Mann liegt auf dem Boden vor einer anderen Person und streckt seine Hand nach ihr aus.
Eine Person fliegt auf einem Kitesurfboard durch die Luft.
Eine Frau putzt sich im Wald die Zhne.
Ein Biker macht einen Trick auf einer Rampe, auf der RONA und Cariboos Brewing steht.
Menschen waschen in einem Waschsalon ihre Wsche.
Ein Mann in heien rosa Unterhosen steht auf einem Freiluftpodest und jongliert vor einem Publikum.
Ein Mann auf einem Quad und mit Helm zeigt vor der Kamera sein Knnen.
Mehrere Passanten beobachten einen Mann bei einem Wheelie auf seinem gelben vierrdrigen Fahrzeug.
Ein junger Mann tritt einen anderen jungen Man vor einem zweistckigen Haus.
Eine schne Tnzerin dehnt sich in einem Studio entweder zum Aufwrmen oder Abkhlen.
Eine Frau hlt sich einen Fcher vor ihr bemaltes Gesicht.
Ein Baby sitzt mit mdem Blick in einer Gepcktasche.
Eine Kchin prsentiert das von ihr geschnitzte Obst.
Ein alter Man schneidet ein Rohrstck zurecht.
Ein Catering-Lkw fr Schauspieler steht an einem Filmset, an dem ein Film ber das 19.Jahrhundert gedreht wird.
Ein Arbeiter in einer orangen Weste und mit Schutzhelm arbeitet ganz oben auf einer gelben Leiter an einer Telefonleitung, whrend andere Mnner unten arbeiten.
Ein Skimboarder macht einen Trick im Wasser.
Eine Person steht in einem Boot mit dem Aufdruck Texas Mooring vor einer roten Wand.
Ein Mann verlegt vor einem Bekleidungsgeschft Steine.
Ein kleines Kind hockt auf einem Fels am Ufer eines Teiches, ein Hund ist ganz in der Nhe.
Ein kleiner blonder Junge spielt mit einem Puppenhaus.
Ein Frau sitzt an einem Schreibtisch und bastelt Halsketten aus sortierten Perlen.
Ein Isuzu-Lkw fhrt an einem Mann vorbei, der mit einigen Khen in die andere Richtung geht.
Ein kleines Kind radelt abseits einer groen Brcke an einem wolkigen Tag.
Eine Gruppe Mnner sitzt an einer blauen Wand neben zwei Rdern mit Kisten voller Obst.
Drei Kinder spielen im flachen Wasser Volleyball und werden von einem Erwachsenen in einem neongrnen Oberteil und mit roter Kopfbedeckung beobachtet.
Ein ttowierter Mann in einem Trgerhemd schreit in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fahren mit dem Fahrrad auf der Fahrbahn einer groe Strae, zusammen mit anderen Radfahrern und Joggern.
Ein kleiner Junge schaut sich Objekte durch eine Lupe an.
Eine Frau in einem orangen Oberteil hngt im Freien Sachen auf eine Wscheleine.
Ein Kind steht in hohem Gras in Wassernhe.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Oberteil und weien Hosen trgt Waschpulver im Waschsalon.
Der Hund im Bild scheint die Fhnluft nicht zu mgen.
Zwei Mnner tragen traditionelle schottische Kleidung und halten Dudelscke in ihren Armen.
Ein Mann jongliert mit brennenden Flaschen.
Ein Tennisspieler in einem gelben Oberteil springt hoch, um dem anderen, schwarz gekleideten Spieler den Ball zuzuspielen.
Eine Ballerina tanzt in einer dunklen, rustikalen Umgebung.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper klettert einen sehr steilen Felsen hoch.
Eine Frau steht hinter einem Mdchen und hilft ihm bei einem Experiment.
Zwei Frauen in weien Oberteilen stehen an einem Becken, eine mit einer Schssel und die andere mit einem Stift in der Hand.
Forscher in einem Labor beobachten ein Becherglas mit berlaufender Flssigkeit.
Ein Mann in einem Laborkittel fhrt ein Experiment in einem Labor durch.
Zwei Jogger und zwei Radfahrer kmpfen um ihren Platz auf der Strae.
Eine Kassiererin steht mit Geld in der Hand vor der Kasse.
Ein Mann in einem leuchtenden grnen Oberteil steht auf dem Gehweg.
Ein sehr kleiner Junge sitzt auf seinem Vorschulfahrrad unter einem im Freien stehenden Tisch.
Ein Marinesoldat schaut in etwas hinein.
Ein junges Mdchen mit dunklen Haaren beugt sich ber eine auf dem Tisch stehende Tonware.
Ein Mdchen erschafft ein Kunstwerk.
Menschen sortieren Fisch auf einem mglicherweise asiatischen Fischmarkt.
Ein junger Mann in einem gestreiften Oberteil trgt eine Gasmaske.
Ein Arbeiter schnitzt Holz mit Hammer und Meiel.
Ein Mann arbeitet in einem Restaurant, hinter ihm wscht ein anderer Mann das Geschirr.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann in einem weien Oberteil kniet auf einem Holzpodest und wscht sich den Kopf in einem Fluss.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen, darunter Kinder und Erwachsene, berprfen ihre Tauchausrstung.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung lehnt an einer teilweise fertigen Holzkonstruktion.
Ein harmonischer Moment in einer farbenfrohen Ballettshow.
Eine Gruppe Inlineskater fhrt auf einer Betonflche mit Palmen im Hintergrund.
Ein Junge mit einem Helm fhrt mit seinem Mountainbike durch die Wlder.
Eine Frau trgt eine Sonnenbrille auf dem Kopf und spielt Violine.
Ein Mann rettet einen anderen Mann von einem Boot.
Zwei Mnner in Polizeiuniform sprechen miteinander.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau spielen an einem kleinen runden Holztisch Domino.
Asiatisch aussehende Personen tanzen in roten, grnen und und weien Kostmen und mit grnen Stirnbndern auf der Strae, im Hintergrund sind Bume und Huser zu sehen.
Eine Gruppe Asiaten in dekorativen Kleidern luft lchelnd und glcklich in einem Umzug.
Ein Laborant untersucht eine Blutprobe unter einem Hochleistungsmikroskop.
Ein alter Mann und eine junge Frau tanzen auf einer Party.
Zwei Polizisten sitzen auf ihren Motorrdern in einer Strae.
Eine blonde Frau spielt Gitarre auf einer Bhne.
Ein Cowboy versucht sich auf einem bockenden Bullen zu halten, ein Mann auf einem Pferd und ein Rodeohelfer schauen zu.
Der tobende Bulle schnaubt, als Mnner ihn mit dem Lasso einzufangen versuchen.
Ein Mann sgt Holzbretter mit einer Tischsge und ein anderer Mann schaut zu.
Ein Mann in oranger Uniform posiert mitten auf der Strae.
Mitglieder ein Musikgruppe marschieren in einem Umzug auf einer von Bumen gesumten Strae.
Drei Wanderer gehen einen steilen Berg in einem wunderschnen Waldgebiet hinauf.
Personen balancieren auf Holzbalken, die aus einer Toilette kommen. Genpac-Generator im Besitz von F Hunt
Eine Gruppe von Menschen wandert ber eine Grnflche.
Zwei junge Mdchen sitzen auf dem Gehweg und bemalen ihn mit Kreide.
Zwei Personen stehen im Meer und halten ein Netz, whrend eine dritte Person zuschaut.
Ein Straenmusiker trgt Shorts und stylt sich seinen Irokesenschnitt.
Vier Personen rudern in einem Kanu auf einem ruhigen, idyllischen See.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher in Badesachen steht auf einem Felsen und eine Person von ihnen ist kurz davor, ins Wasser zu springen.
Eine kleines Mdchen und eine Frau putzen Zhne.
Eine Mutter und zwei kleine Kinder sitzen auf einem Sofa, das drauen auf dem Bordstein steht.
Ein Mann telefoniert mit seinem Handy und lsst sich die Schuhe von einem anderen Mann in blauer Arbeitskleidung putzen.
Ein langhaariger Mann mit freiem Oberkrper und Gesichtsbemalung spielt Gitarre auf einem Konzert.
Ein Tier versucht den Fluss zu berqueren.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil trgt eine Flagge in einer Menschenmenge.
Das Stadion ist gefllt mit Zuschauern, die sich eine Sportveranstaltung angucken.
Viele Menschen befinden sich auf einer Tauschbrse auf einem Parkplatz.
Es wird ein Fuballspiel ausgetragen.
Eine Frau spielt barfu Bowling, whrend im Hintergrund zwei Personen zu den Videospielen gehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen liegt auf einem Teppich und malt.
Eine orange gekleidete Menschenmenge feuert im Stadion ihr Team an.
Fnf Personen laufen ber ein Sportfeld, ein Mann trgt eine Elchmtze.
Ein Mann in einem blau-gelben Rennsportoutfit hat eine Flasche in der Hand.
Ein kleiner Junge trifft andere Kinder auf Fahrrdern.
Eine Gruppe spielt Carcassonne am Tisch und eine Person denke ber ihren Spielzug nach.
Zwei kleine Mdchen spielen vergngt im Baum.
Zwei Jungen, der eine in einem weien, der andere in einem brauen Oberteil, spielen ein Videospiel, whrend ein dritter Junge eine Tasche anschaut.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil isst leckeres Essen.
Bei einer Inszenierung des Brgerkriegs feuern mehrere Teams Kanonen ab.
Eine Frau mit Kopftuch arbeitet mit ihren Hnden.
Ein Junge mit einem blauen Helm fhrt mit seinen Inlineskates auf einem kleinen Gelnder in einem Skatepark.
Ein Footballteam spielt, das gelbe Team hat den Ball.
Zwei Mnner, einer von ihnen in Uniform, stehen auf einem Boot.
Sehr arme Personen in einem fremden Land spielen ein Spiel mit dem, was sie haben.
Eine Menschenmenge jubelt bei einen Bhnenauftritt.
Eine junge Frau in Fahrradkleidung dreht sich nach hinten um.
Eine Frau mit einem Tennisschlger bckt sich, im Hintergrund sind Graffitis zu sehen.
Ein Kind in einem Piratenkostm hlt einen Schdel und ein Totenkopfsymbol hoch.
Ein Mdchen in einem blauen Oberteil sitzt in einem Friseurstuhl und lsst sich vom Stylisten die Haare machen.
Ein Kind in einem roten Oberteil steht mit vielen anderen Personen in einer Warteschlange.
Footballspieler in gelb-blau-weien Trikots spielen im Stadion gegen eine Mannschaft in gold-blauen Trikots.
Zwei Mdchen, die in einem Motocross-Rennen gegeneinander antreten, reden an der Startlinie miteinander.
Drei Radfahrer in Schutzkleidung fahren eine steile, knstlich angelegte Piste hinunter.
Eine Person fhrt mit dem Rad durch den Dreck.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Kopfbedeckung, einer Brille und einem langen weien Bart sitzt neben seinem eigenen Portrt.
Ein Collegestudent schaut in einem unordentlichen Studentenzimmer in Aufzeichnungen.
Bei einem gut besuchten Baseballspiel lehnt sich der Schlagmann mit dem Schlger in der Hand zurck, whrend der Ball im Handschuh des Fngers landet.
Eine Knstlerin tritt barfu vor Publikum auf.
Ein Footballspieler fordert eine Auszeit, whrend seine Mannschaftskollegen bereit sind zum Spielen.
Ein Mann hlt eine Stahlstange ins Feuer.
Ein Mann und eine Frau mit Schutzbrillen arbeiten mit Reagenzglsern in einem Labor.
Der Torhter entfernt sich vom Verteidiger, um den Ball an einen Mannschaftskollegen abzuspielen.
Ein rotes und ein blaues Team mit zwei Angriffsspielern spielen gegeneinander.
Ein Chemiestudent starrt auf die auf der Waage befindlichen Stoffe.
Eine junge Studentin mit einem Eulen-T-Shirt fllt die Reagenzglser fr ihr Experiment.
Ein Lufer in violetter Kleidung rennt auf die Ziellinie zu.
Zwei Mnner spielen ein fuballhnliches Spiel, bei dem der rot gekleidete Spieler versucht, an dem blau gekleideten Verteidiger vorbeizukommen.
Eine Gruppe Radfahrer rast an den Zuschauern vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem blauem Trikot springt in die Hhe, um einen Basketball zu werfen.
Personen reden miteinander und machen Mulch aus Bumen.
Zwei weibliche Teenager schwimmen in riesigen Zorbing-Bllen auf dem Wasser.
Ein Baseballwerfer wirft den Ball.
Zwei Mnner, einer mit der Trikotnummer 13, der andere mit der Trikotnummer 24, spielen Baseball.
Ein Mann spielt vor einem Mikrofon Gitarre.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Skateboard auf einer Mauer in einem Park, andere Skateboarder sind i Hintergrund zu sehen.
Ein Mann steht auf einer wackeligen Leiter und streicht eine Wand.
Eine groe Menschengruppe sitzt auf einem Steg am See.
Ein Mann spielt Gitarre und raucht dabei eine Zigarette.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen befindet sich auf dem Eis und eine Person sgt ein Loch hinein.
Drei Kinder befinden sich im Meer neben einem Segelboot.
Ein lterer Mann mit Turban sitzt auf dem Boden und hlt einen groen Stein.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil winkt im Gehen.
Zwei sitzende Mnner, einer von ihnen trinkt ein Bier, lcheln in die Kamera.
Ein Mdchen in einem grauen T-Shirt sitzt auf einem Stuhl.
Ein Radfahrer befindet sich im Freien mitten in der Luft.
Eine Frau in einer Apotheke schaut durch einen Stapel Papiere.
Ein Mann posiert auf einem Snowboard mit Schnee im Hintergrund.
Freunde stellen ein neues Getrnk zur Schau.
Eine glckliches lteres Paar tanzt miteinander, whrend eine jngere Tnzerin zuschaut.
Eine Mann posiert neben Stapeln von Cowboyhten.
Ein Tnzer in einem weien Oberteil und in weien Shorts wird von einem ebenfalls wei gekleideten Mann fotografiert.
Ein Kind schaut auf einem Spielplatz durch ein Teleskop.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem ungewhnlichen Rad und viele Menschen schauen ihm zu.
Ein Mann gibt alles, um das Rennen zu beenden.
Ein Mann liegt am Strand auf dem Bauch und liest ein Buch, eine Frau in einem gepunkteten Bikini sonnt sich.
Touristen beobachten eine landschaftliche Sehenswrdigkeit durch die Sucher ihrer Kameras.
Zwei Radfahrer in gelber Kleidung machen ein Wettrennen.
Ein rot und ein gelb gekleideter Fuballspieler kmpfen um den Fuball.
Eine Frau mit grnen Knieschonern skatet in einer Betongrube.
Ein Mnnerteam rennt mit ihrem Kanu einen unbefestigten Weg entlang.
Zwei Frauen, eine in einem dunkelblauen Oberteil, die andere in einem weien Oberteil, spielen Lacrosse.
Ein Kind in einem roten Mantel berhrt eine Dinosaurierstatue an einem verschneiten Tag.
Ein hellhutiger Mann macht auf einem See einen Trick mit seinem Wakeboard; im Hintergrund befinden sich Bume.
Eine schwarzhaarige Frau trgt ein seltsames Outfit.
Ein Junge mit blauen Shorts steht auf der Straenampel.
Zwei ltere Mnner tragen Outdoor-Bekleidung und benutzen Fernglser.
Eine Frau mit einem grnen Kopftuch lacht, whrend eine andere Frau im Hintergrund mit einem Paddelboot fhrt.
Ein Junge macht sich bereit zum Basketballspielen und hrt dabei seine Lieblingsmusik.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid und mit Kopfbedeckung fhrt vor Zuschauern auf einem Einrad.
Ein Mann hlt vor einer Menschenmenge eine Rede.
Ein Schiedsrichter und ein Fnger warten auf den nchsten verfehlten Ball des Schlagmanns.
Ein Polizist umarmt eine Frau auf der Strae.
Eine Gruppe lterer Menschen sitzt an einem Tisch und spielt verschiedene Instrumente.
Zwei Mnner schnitzen gemeinsam eine Eisskulptur.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen verbringt einen sonnigen Tag am Strand.
Ein Kricketspieler holt zum Schlag aus.
Ein Mann in einem Jeansanzug hlt die Zgel eines Pferdes, das mit einem anderen Pferd vor eine Zugvorrichtung gespannt ist.
Ein brtiger Mann telefoniert und sieht dabei zufrieden aus.
Die Sngerin Avril Lavigne kniet auf einem Knie und hlt ein Mikrofon.
Eine Gruppe Radfahrer fhrt eine Strae mit Zuschauern auf beiden Seiten entlang.
Ein Footballteam in rotbraunen Trikots rennt auf das Spielfeld und wird von Cheerleadern angefeuert.
Footballspieler versammeln sich um einen Schiedsrichter und warten auf seine Entscheidung.
Zwei Radfahrer bei einem Straenrennen werden von der an der Strecke stehenden Menschenmenge angefeuert.
Ein Mann spielt Frisbee im Park.
Eine Frau hlt einen Einkaufsbeutel auf und mehrere Kinder schauen hinein.
Zwei konkurrierende Radsportler fahren durch einen Durchgang.
Ein Straenknstler malt ein Gemlde nach einer Fotovorlage.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten in einem Fahrradladen.
Ein Grtner schneidet konzentriert und sorgfltig die Hecken.
Ein Koch holt angestrengt das Essen aus dem Ofen.
Eine fr das US-amerikanische Volleyballteam spielende Frau schmettert den Ball ber das Netz.
Junge Mnner schauen einer Frau beim Hinuntergehen einer Treppe zu.
Vier Mnner spielen an einem sonnigen Tag auf dem bungsgrn eines Lochs Golf.
Bunte Kajaks mit jeweils zwei Personen fahren einen von Bumen gesumten Fluss hinab.
Ein Mann mit Badekappe und Schwimmbrille schwimmt in einem Fluss.
Ein Mann schiet mit Pfeil und Bogen auf ein Ziel.
Vier Fuballspieler rennen dem Ball hinterher, im Hintergrund sind gelbe, sprlich mit Menschen besetzte Stuhlreihen zu sehen.
Ein schnelles Radrennen in einem fremden Land.
Ein grn gekleideter Motocross-Fahrer rast um die Ecke und wirbelt Erde fr die Zuschauer auf.
Biker messen sich in einem langwierigen Hrtetest.
Ein Radsportler bei einem Rennen, gefolgt von einem Polizisten auf einem Motorrad.
Eine Frau singt ins Mikrofon.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Kopfbedeckung und einer Schrze schnitzt Holzfiguren.
Ein blaues Restaurant auf dem Wasser.
Ein Mann singt und ein zweiter spielt Saxophon bei einem Konzert.
Ein Surfer springt in die Luft.
Ein professioneller Fuballspieler in einem hellblauen Trikot kmpft mit einem anderen Fuballspieler in einem rot-blau gestreiften Trikot um den Ball.
Fnf bunt gekleidete Frauen haben Spa beim Tanzen.
Ein Biker in kompletter Schutzkleidung befindet sich in der Luft ber einer Erd- und Grasflche.
Eine langhaarige Frau geht ber eine Wiese.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen springt auf einer Wiese auf und ab.
Ein ungepflegter blonder Mann spielt Gitarre.
Zwei junge Volleyballspieler versuchen an den Ball zu kommen.
Eine Gruppe Mnner sitzt vergngt bei Getrnken zusammen.
Ein Biker mit einem weien Helm fhrt auf einem Sandhgel in der Nhe eines Zauns.
Ein Baseballspieler ist kurz davor den Ball zu treffen, hinter ihm stehen der Fnger und der Schiedsrichter.
Ein Baseballspieler der New York Yankees trifft mit dem Ball die Home Plate.
Menschen stehen bei einem altmodischen Eiswagen fr Eiscreme an.
Ein kleines afroamerikanisches Mdchen sitzt auf einer Schaukel und hlt sich mit beiden Hnden an den Ketten fest.
Zwei Mdchen umarmen sich vor einer amerikanischen Flagge.
Die Radfahrer erreichen in der Gruppe die Linkskurve.
Ein blonder Volleyballspieler streckt die Arme nach oben, um den Ball zu treffen.
Mehrere Fuballspieler stehen auf einem brauen, grasbewachsenen Feld, im Hintergrund ist ein Haus zu sehen.
Ein Kitesurfer surft im Meer.
Ein Volleyballspiel zwischen Mdchen, bei dem ein Team vorwiegend weie und das andere Team grne Oberteile trgt.
Eine Spielerin schlgt den Volleyball mit beiden Hnden.
Zwei Volleyballspieler versuchen am Netz den Schlag des anderen Teams zu blocken.
Eine Volleyballspielerin macht einen Aufschlag.
Eine Gruppe Jungen im Teenageralter in gelber und blauer Footballkleidung wird mit Wasser nass gespritzt.
Ein Straenarbeiter in leuchtoranger Sicherheitskleidung sammelt Mll am Straenrand auf.
Ein wei gekleideter Fuballspieler versucht einen Fuball abzufangen, der sich mit hoher Geschwindigkeit dem Tor nhert.
Ein Marathonlufer rennt die von Menschenmengen gesumte Strae entlang.
Ein Gromeister und seine Schler verbeugen sich bei einer Kampfsportstunde voreinander als Geste des Respekts freinander und vor der heiligen Kunst.
Der Marathonluferin Izabella folgt eine Gruppe kostmierter Personen.
Die Szene eines Marathonrennens, mehrere Teilnehmer laufen eine von Menschen gesumte Strae entlang.
Eine Mann fhrt in einem Oldtimer-Rennwagen auf der Rundstrecke.
Eine Frau mit Haarnetz schaut sich eine Probe unter einem Mikroskop an.
Ein kleiner Junge in seltsam gefrbten Hosen und einem Kittel vermischt Farben.
Teammitglieder der Baltimore Orioles feiern ihren Sieg.
Vier Footballspieler laufen ber das Feld und halten ihre Helme ber den Kpfen.
Ein Mann zieht sich in einem Raum mit anderen Personen ein Paar Short an.
Highschool-Footballspieler erobern den Ball bei einem Fumble.
Eine Person surft auf einer groen Welle-
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner spielt im Freien Basketball.
Ein brtiger, schwarz gekleideter Knstler zeigt sein Talent beim bogenfrmigen Schwingen von Feuerseilen.
Footballspieler in gelben Trikots beobachten ihren Mitspieler beim Kickoff.
Zwei Footballteams in gelb-weien bzw. blau-weien Trikots spielen Football.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Oberteil bei einem Rennen.
Rot bzw. neongelb gekleidete Kinder spielen Fuball.
Ein Hockeyspieler versucht ein Tor zu schieen.
Eine Gruppe Mdchen in blau-weien Trikots steht im Kreis und hebt die Hnde in die Hhe.
Ein Rockveteran spielt eine Hommage in der glhenden Hitze.
Ein junger Mann hlt einen Hammer ber einen ngstlichen jungen Mann, whrend ein anderer zuschaut.
Zwei Fuballspieler, einer in roter, der andere in blauer Kleidung, spielen gegeneinander Fuball.
Ein dunkelrot gekleideter Spieler hat gerade den Fuball ber den Kopf des Spielers mit der Nummer5 geschossen.
Ein Lufer befindet sich gerade mitten im Rennen.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt in einem Hochstuhl und hat berall Essen im Gesicht.
Ein Snger macht bei einem gut besuchten Open-Air-Konzert eine Geste in Richtung der Fans.
Vier Mnner, zwei in weien Trikots, einer in rotem Trikot und der Torhter im Hintergrund, spielen Fuball.
Drei Quarterbacks wrmen sich vor dem Spiel auf.
Zwei junge, modische Personen laufen in der Nacht begeistert eine Strae entlang.
Ein BMX-Fahrer macht einen Stunt am Flussufer, im Hintergrund ist eine Fabrik zu sehen.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau in einem traditionellen Kleid balanciert einen Korb auf ihrem Kopf und luft einen mit Sonnenanbetern gefllten Strand entlang.
Ein Hockeytorhter in rotem Trikot ist bereit, einen Schuss abzuwehren.
Ein Footballspieler in einem braunen Trikot rennt vor den wei gekleideten Spielern davon.
Vier Kinder haben Spa in einer Eiattrappe.
Ein Mann fhrt Motorrad und wird von einer Menschenmenge beobachtet.
Ein Mann macht einen Trick auf einem Wakeboard.
Eine Frau in einem grauen Oberteil spielt ein Pferderennen-Spiel.
Kinder und Erwachsene fahren in einem Skatepark Inlineskates.
Ein Mann in Jeansjacke und mit Sandalen repariert sein Fahrrad.
Zwei Mnner ben Tanzschritte, whrend eine Frau ein Foto macht.
Zwei junge Mdchen schreiben am Wasser mit Kreide auf den Boden.
Ein junger Mann streckt den Arm nach einem auf einer Stange sitzenden Falken aus.
Ein asiatischer Mann in silberner Rstung ber brauner Unterkleidung hlt eine Waffe in seiner rechten Hand empor und sitzt dabei auf einem Pferd mit ebenso silbernem Harnisch.
Das Dach einer Schule an der Kste wird repariert.
Ein kleines Mdchen lacht beim Tragen einer weien Schssel auf ihrem Kopf.
Ein Mann mit seitlich aufgesetzter Kopfbedeckung benutzt ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann in einem rmellosen Unterhemd steht unter einem blauen Scheinwerfer und singt in ein Mikrofon.
Mehrere Mnner reiten auf Elefanten durch einen schlammigen Fluss.
Ein Baseballspieler in einem blauen Trikot luft ber die Home Plate.
Menschen schauen einem Jockey beim Reiten zu.
Ein Jockey durchquert auf seinem Pferd einen Fluss, im Hintergrund ist eine Brcke voll mit Zuschauern zu sehen.
Ein Reiterin springt auf ihrem Pferd ber eine Mauer aus sten und Metall.
Eine Inlineskaterin in rot-schwarzen Socken und einem schwarzen Oberteil stt einen anderen Skater mit den Ellenbogen zur Seite.
Eine Band spielt auf der Bhne, im Hintergrund ist das Weezer-Logo zu sehen.
Eine Frau modelliert langsam mit ihren Hnden eine Schale auf einer Tpferscheibe.
Ein Kameramann filmt einen anderen Mann in einem grnen Oberteil an einem Strand.
Eine Frau in einem braunen Oberteil schaut durch ein Mikroskop, whrend andere Personen neben ihr stehen.
Eine junge Frau schaut in ein Mikroskop.
Eine Person asiatischer Herkunft trgt ein blau-schwarzes kriegerhnliches Outfit, mehrere Personen befinden ich im Hintergrund.
Zwei Personen fotografieren eine schne Landschaft am Wasser.
Zwei Polizisten stehen auf dem Gehweg, whrend der Insasse eines Fahrzeugs sie anschaut.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einer Bohrinsel und arbeitet an einer Maschine.
Drei Personen in kompletter Lederkombi und mit Helmen fahren auf ihren Longboards einen Berg hinunter.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen befindet sich auf einem im Wasser befindlichen Arbeitsschiff.
Eine Gruppe von sieben Personen in Raftingausrstung fhrt einen wilden Fluss hinab.
Frauen fahren in einem Vergngungspark Kettenkarussell.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Stuhl, spielt Violine und singt dabei.
Eine kleines Mdchen putzt sich die Zhne.
Mehrere Mnner klettern eine Stange hoch, whrend eine Menschenmenge zuschaut.
Zwei Empfangsdamen unterhalten sich an der Hotelrezeption.
Ein kleiner Junge rennt einem davon springenden Fuball hinterher.
Eine Defensivspieler versucht einen Offensivspieler im Besitz des Balls zu tackeln.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil verfugt Fliesen.
Ein Skateboarder macht einen Trick in einem Skatepark.
Ein Mann befindet sich beim Wellenreiten im Meer hoch in der Luft.
Ein Lufer berwindet eine Hrde.
Ein Leichtathlet rennt auf einer roten Bahn in einer Grostadt mit vielen Zuschauern-
Ein Athlet springt ber eine Hrde.
Ein mnnlicher Biker springt bei einem Wettkampf auf einer Rampe oder berquert die Ziellinie.
Drei Mnner arbeiten an einem auf dem Kopf stehenden Fahrrad.
Eine Person steht gebeugt auf einen Surfboard und surft im Wasser.
Ein Mechaniker in blauer Arbeitskleidung bei der Arbeit.
Ein dunkelhaariger Junge in einem grnen T-Shirt spielt in einem Springbrunnen, whrend zwei andere Personen ihm dabei zusehen.
Mehrere Arbeiter stehen auf einer Leiter und um sie herum.
Drei Mnner in Sicherheitskleidung und mit Helmen befinden sich auf einem Boot und im Hintergrund ist eine Brcke zu sehen.
Kinder in einem Klassenzimmer mit Stofftieren.
Zwei Personen kmpfen in einem Sportstudio im Samurai-Stil.
Ein Mann geniet einen Tag am Wasser und wartet darauf, Ballons zu vergeben.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil sitzt vor einem sehr groen Kunstwerk in einem riesigen Raum.
Ein Mountainbiker springt ber ein Hindernis.
Ein stehender Mann dreht auf seiner Tpferscheibe ein Stck Ton.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann steht vor einem Museum und zeigt darauf.
Ein Kampfrichter hebt den Arm eines grn gekleideten Ringkmpfers hoch, whrend der Ringkmpfer im blauen Sportanzug zuschaut.
Zwei Mdchen in Bikinis spielen Volleyball am Strand.
Ein kleines grnes Auto, auf dessen Tr die Nummer63 steht, fhrt auf einer Rennstrecke.
Zwei Mnner in Schutzkleidung sgen Metall durch.
Mnner des Militrs stehen in weien Uniformen nebeneinander.
Ein Kampfrichter bert sich mit einem Wettstreiter bei einer Kampfsportveranstaltung.
Zwei Mdchen machen Karate.
Ein kleiner Junge in Jeans, einem rot gestreiften Oberteil und Turnschuhen sitzt auf einem Ast.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil und khakifarbenen Hosen sitzt auf dem Boden und zieht Absatzstiefel ber rosarote Socken mit Herzmuster.
Ein alter Mann nht Sachen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann in einem langrmeligen, geknpften blauen Oberteil und mit einer schwarz-silbernen Baseballkappe hlt ein Telefon an sein Ohr.
Ein Rennfahrer feiert mit seinem Pokal in der Hand und einer Champagnerdusche seinen Sieg.
Ein Hund in lndlicher Umgebung springt in die Hhe.
Ein oranges Motorrad rast auf der Rennstrecke um eine Kurve.
Eine Person legt rohe Hamburger-Patties auf den Holzkohlegrill.
Ein Mann mit Brille hlt den Schweif einer Statue.
Eine applaudierende Menschenmenge, vorberziehende Banner und eine wehende blaue Flagge in einem Stadion.
Zwei in schwarz gekleidete Frauen lehnen sich auf weien Tischen zurck.
Bei einem Rugbyspiel rennen Spieler beider Mannschaften nach dem Ball, whrend Mitspieler hinterherschauen.
Ein Mann mit einem schwarzen Helm fhrt eine Mountainbike.
Ein Mann versucht auf dem letzten, auf dem Berg liegenden Flecken Schnee Ski zu fahren.
Zwei Personen tragen Helme und Sonnenbrillen an einem sonnigen Tag.
Ein kleiner Junge klettert auf einem Spielplatz auf das Klettergerst.
Ein Mann steht in einer Kirche die Personen um ihn herum schauen ihn an.
Ein Mann klettert auf einen Felsen, im Hintergrund ist ein Wald zu sehen.
Eine Mutter hilft ihrer Tochter beim Anziehen fr ein besonderes Ereignis.
Drei Personen auf Bikes auf einem Erdhgel, einer von ihnen ist in der Luft.
Drei Jungen springen mit ihren Mountainbikes ber eine Schlucht.
Zwei Mnner sitzen jeder mit seinem Laptop auf einem weien Sofa in einem weien Raum.
Zwei Autos liegen bei einem Rennen sehr dicht beieinander.
Fuballspieler befinden sich auf einem Spielfeld und der Ball geht ins Tor.
Ein Mann fhrt mit dem Skateboard eine Rampe hoch.
Ein Mann in einem beigen Anzug sitzt mit fnf Kindern an einem Holztisch und malt Bilder.
Zwei Personen treten zu einem Fechtkampf an.
Ein lterer brtiger Mann in einem dunklen Anzug geht durch eine verregnete Stadt.
Eine Frau mit kurzen blonden Haaren versucht ihre Frisur zu richten.
Ein Baby in blau gestreifter Kleidung kaut auf den Fingern.
Ein rtlicher Elektriker verlegt Kabel.
Ein junger blondhaariger Mann zieht lachend sein Oberteil in ffentlicher Umgebung aus und wird dabei von Passanten angeschaut.
Eine Frau benutzt eine Ksereibe.
Zwei Mnner stehen auf einem mittelgroen Fischerboot im Ozean, hinter ihnen geht die Sonne unter.
Fnf Kinder rennen auf dem Fuballfeld Richtung Tor.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Anzug nimmt auf einem Podium einen Pokal entgegen, neben ihm steht ein Mann in einem rot-weien Anzug.
Ein farbenfroh gekleidetes Kind steht in einem See.
Ein junger Punkrockgitarrist in einer rot gestreiften Jacke mit einem Anstecker steht vor rosa-blauem Nebel.
Ein Mann blst vergngt einen Luftballon auf.
Ein junger Mann blst Ballons auf und formt daraus Tiere fr die sieben erstaunt zusehenden Kinder.
Eine ltere Frau stellt an einem Spinnrad Stoff her.
Ein Mann sitzt an einem Spieltisch und bernimmt die Rolle des Kartengebers.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit violetter Kopfbedeckung sitzt unter einem Einkaufswagen in einem Lebensmittelgeschft.
Fnf kleine Kinder spielen Fuball.
Zwei Personen befinden sich auf einem Boot im Wasser.
Ein Mann fhrt in einem Feld Fahrrad.
Ein in rot und wei gekleideter Mann geht ber ein Fuballfeld.
Fernsehkameras werden aufgestellt, um eine Theatervorstellung aufzunehmen.
Einem Baby werden die Zhne geputzt.
Zwei feiernde Mnner in Red Bull-Werbekleidung ffnen zusammen Getrnke bei einer Veranstaltung.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten Hndchen an einem See.
Eine Person in einem Neoprenanzug rast mit einem Jetski in eine Welle.
Drei Fuballspieler in roten Trikots feiern ein Tor.
Ein Mann mit einem roten Helm fhrt am Strand mit zwei Hunden an der Leine Inlineskates.
Ein Mann auf einem Jetski befindet sich bei einen Salto im Wasser kopfber.
Eine Person in einer Kche hlt ein Ei ber eine Schssel mit Reis.
Vier kleine Jungen rennen spielend einem rot-weien Fuball hinterher.
Ein Mann und eine Frau lcheln, whrend jemand vor ihren Augen Crme Brule zubereitet.
Eine Person in Tauchausrstung posiert vor einem groen Gewsser.
Ein blondes Mdchen mit einer schwarzweien Boa posiert bei einer sehr berfllten Veranstaltung fr die Kamera.
Ein Junge lehnt gegen eine in der Nhe von Bumen stehende Mauer.
Ein Mann fhrt an einem sonnigen Tag auf einem rot-weien Fahrrad.
Ein lterer Mann pflegt einen Garten.
Ein Forscher in einem Laborkittel benutzt ein Mikroskop.
Eine Gruppe Mdchen steht auf einem Footballfeld und posiert fr die Kamera.
Ein Mann in einem schwarz-goldenen Mantel reitet auf einem schwarzweien Pferd.
Einige Footballspieler beobachten von der Seitenlinie aus den Spielstart ihrer Mannschaftskollegen.
Ein Footballspieler holt zum Wurf des Footballs aus, whrend die restliche Mannschaft zuschaut.
Inlineskater treten gegeneinander auf einer Betonbahn an.
Zwei Teams  zwei Mnner, ein Team in blauer Kleidung, das andere in Tarnfarben, skaten.
Zwei Personen treten bei einem Motorradrennen gegeneinander an.
Ein lterer Herr versucht ein auf dem Kopf stehendes Fahrrad zu reparieren, das neben einem silbernen Fahrzeug steht.
Ein Mdchenteam spielt Volleyball.
Eine hbsche, wei gekleidete Frau tanzt vor einem groen, wunderschnen Springbrunnen Ballett.
Ein junges Frauenvolleyballteam steht an der Seitenlinie und macht sich warm.
Eine wunderschne Tnzerin in einem roten Rock nimmt eine Pose ein, bei der ihre Beine in der Luft sind.
Drei Kinder in einem Klassenraum schreiben konzentriert.
Zwei Frauen sitzen auf einem schwarzen Sofa und zwischen ihnen liegen Kleidung und eine Handtasche.
Ein Paar steht im Freien, umarmt sich und schaut sich die Landschaft an.
Ein paar Personen stehen im hinteren Teil eines Klassenraums, eine Person sitzt an einem Schreibtisch.
Zwei Frauen bewundern eine Hngebrcke von der Seite.
Ein Footballspieler versucht einem mit dem Ball rennenden Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft anzugreifen.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen Football.
Eine junge rothaarige Frau visiert durch ein Zielfernrohr Zielscheiben auf einem Schieplatz an.
Ein Maskottchen des Ohio State-Teams tritt auf dem Spielfeld auf.
Zwei an einem Tisch sitzende Kleinkinder  ein Junge und ein Mdchen malen mit ihren Crayola-Farbstiften auf Papier.
Ein Segelboot mit vielen Passagieren segelt auf dem Wasser.
Ein Inlineskates fahrender Mann in einem grnen Trikot stolpert und scheint mit einem Mann in einem schwarzen Trikot zusammenzustoen.
Zwei kleine als Spiderman verkleidete Kinder rutschen eine Rutsche hinab.
Eine Schwimmerin holt beim Schmetterlingsschwimmen Luft.
Eine Gruppe Schwimmerinnen taucht in einen Swimmingpool ein.
Ein Fotojournalist auf einem Motorrad folgt Marathonlufern, von denen einer ein grnes Oberteil und grne Schuhe trgt und der andere ein leuchtoranges Oberteil und blaue Schuhe.
Eine sehr sportliche Luferin mit Blattwerk im Hintergrund.
Ein Knstler springt von der Bhne in eine Fanmenge.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen drauen.
Eine roothaarige Frau in einem roten Oberteil wirft lachend ein Kissen ber ihre linke Schulter.
Ein junger Mann in einem grn-wei gestreiften Oberteil spielt Rollhockey.
Ein in orange und wei gekleideter Mann fhrt mit seinem Mountainbike durch einen Wald.
Ein rotes Eichhrnchen sitzt auf einem Ast mit gelben Blttern im Hintergrund.
Ein Kind schaut durch ein Mikroskop, whrend ein Erwachsener an der Tischkante steht.
Ein tanzendes Paar in schwarz-wei-weinroter Kleidung.
Ein militrisches Operationsteam, in dem eine Person Tarnkleidung trgt, fhrt eine Operation in einem Feldlazarett durch.
Zwei Teams, eines in schwarzen Trikots, das andere in blau gestreiften Trikots, rennen ber ein Sportfeld.
Ein kleiner braunhaariger Junge in einem Pullover steht verschmitzt lchelnd in der Nhe von Blumen und Pflanzen.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Rock geht spazieren und schaut aufs Wasser.
Bei einer Footballfeier in einem berfllten Stadion ist das Team dabei, sich zu verneigen und Fotos zu machen.
Zwei Sportler fechten bei einem Fechtwettkampf.
Zwei Mnner treten gegeneinander zum Fechtkampf an.
Zwei Personen fechten und eine verliert ihren Schuh.
Ein Mann in braunen Hosen und einem gestreiften T-Shirt jongliert mit drei weien Kegeln.
Ein Laborant mit Schutzbrille untersucht etwas unter einem Mikroskop.
Ein Wasserballspiel mit einem gelben Ball im Schwimmbecken findet statt.
Ein Junge mit Schutzbrille ltet ein Stck Metall auf ein Elektronikteil.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt einen Waldweg entlang.
Ein mnnlicher Snowboarder springt in die Luft und macht einen Trick.
Ein Kind spielt am Strand und spritzt mit Wasser umher.
Eine Frau luft in einem Fitnessstudio auf einem Laufband.
Bei einer Tanzvorfhrung hebt ein Mann eine Frau in einem rosa Kleid hoch.
Ein Fotograf fngt einen Skateboarder mitten im Trick ein.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blauen Haaren und groen blauen Augen putzt sich die Zhne.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf einem Fahrsteig.
Zwei Eishockeyspieler haben sich mit ihren Schlgern auf dem Eis positioniert und sind bereit fr den Puck.
Die Menschenmenge scheint von der Energie der Band auf der Bhne begeistert zu sein.
Ein Werfer hat soeben den Ball in die Richtung des Schlagmanns geworfen.
Ein Baseballwerfer wirft einen Ball.
Zwei fr ein Foto posierende Mnner setzen zum Trinken an.
Ein Baseballspieler wirft einen Ball vom Hgel aus.
Ein schwarz-rot-weies Rennwagen saust im Vordergrund auf einer grauen Strecke mit einer blauen Bande, im Hintergrund ist eine verschwommene Menschenmenge zu sehen.
Einige Personen essen, andere bestellen in einem Restaurant.
Eine Frau und einer junger Mann in einem Schlafzimmer lachen.
Ein Mann mit Tuch fegt bei einer Veranstaltung Abfall zusammen.
Bei einem Jungenfuballspiel schiet ein Junge in einem weien Trikot den Ball.
Ein Mann blst in eine lange Pfeife.
Zwei Mnner in Schottenrcken, einer von ihnen ist lter und spielt Dudelsack, der andere spielt Trommel.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in Schottenrcken wirft einen langen Holzstock.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil und Schottenrock wirft einen langen Holzspeer, und andere Mnner schauen von der Seitenlinie zu.
Eine Frau in orientalischer Bekleidung posiert auf einer grnen Matte.
Mehrere Mnner fahren an einem sonnigen Tag einen Gang entlang.
Mehrere Personen fahren mit ihren Bikes ein Rennen.
Ein Rennwagen zischt auf der Rennstrecke vorbei.
Ein Radfahrer versucht mit aller Kraft das Rennen zu absolvieren.
Zwei Schwimmer auf ihren Bahnen holen whrend des Schwimmzugs Luft.
Ein Mann fegt die Treppe seines Hauses.
Ein erwachsener hellhutiger Mann mit schwarzen Haaren, schwarzen Hosen und einem schwarzwei gepunkteten Oberteil singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Turnerin in einem Leotard macht einen Handstand.
Ein Tennisspieler schlgt mit aller Kraft den Tennisball.
Ein Marathonlufer konzentriert sich auf das Rennen.
Eine Gruppe Frauen rennt bei einem Wettkampf.
Ein hellhutiger Profiboxer fhrt auf dem Land.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem von Erde umgebenden Stck Stoff und arbeitet an einem Stck Stoff.
Drei mnnliche Freunde in Shorts stehen zusammen und unterhalten sich.
Mehrere in wei gekleidete Mdchen fhren eine Performance auf.
Ein Marathonlufer luft an Passanten und mobilen Toiletten vorbei.
Ein junger Erwachsener liest beim Warten auf seine Wsche ein Buch im Waschsalon.
Eine Kenianerin nimmt an einem Marathon teil.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung fhrt auf seinem Skateboard an einer mit Graffiti besprhten Mauer vorbei.
Mehrere Frauen laufen in einem Rennen und werden von der Menge angefeuert.
Der Houstan Texas-Quarterback ist im Besitz des Football gegen die Minnesota Vikings, whrend sein Runningback in Richtung des Balls luft.
Zwei Fuballschiedsrichter warten auf Bnken mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Ein Footballtrainer in einem weien Oberteil und schwarzer Schirmmtze hat den Arm um einen seiner Spieler an der Seitenlinie gelegt.
Zwei Footballspieler stehen sich bei einem abends stattfindenden Spiel gegenber.
Ein Mann in blauer Schwimmbekleidung springt von einem Felsen ins Wasser, whrend ein anderer Mann zuschaut.
Zwei kleine Kinder sitzen im Park auf Steinen.
Zwei Boxer kmpfen bei einem Wettkampf im Ring, einer trgt rote Short, der andere weie.
Bei einem Mdchenfuballspiel rennt das rote Team dem Ball hinterher.
Eine Frau in blauen Shorts und einem weien Oberteil schiet einen Fuball.
Ein Paar wird beim Kssen fotografiert.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil streckt ihre Arme aus und hlt in einer Hand eine Zigarette.
Drei Feldhockeyspieler in orangen Trikots halten auf den Ball zu.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung kniet nieder und beugt sich vor, um eine Kettensge zu untersuchen.
Eine Gruppe Ballerinas in weien Tutus macht sich zum Tanz fertig.
Bei diesem Hockeyspiel wird im Torbereich aggressiv gekmpft.
Ein Mitspieler umklammert den anderen beim Wasservolleyball.
In der Kche eines edlen Restaurants wurde von den Kchen ein feines Gericht zubereitet.
Eine Frau verkauft Essen am Straenrand.
Zwei Frauen treten bei einer Kampfsportveranstaltung in einer Turnhalle gegeneinander an.
Zwei Jungen in Karateanzgen kmpfen auf einer gepolsterten Matte miteinander.
Eine Frau trgt ein rotes durchsichtiges Tuch auf ihrem Kopf.
Mehrere Personen tragen auf dem Gehweg Dinge zum nchsten Ziel.
Ein Mdchen in blauen Hosen und einem Kapuzenoberteil fliegt mit einem Glas in der Hand, das sie aus dem Geschirrspler genommen hat, fast einen Meter ber dem Boden.
Eine Frau mit einem Eimer putzt einen ffentlichen Sitzbereich.
Ein Junge wirft einen Gegenstand vor ein Glasgebude.
Ein Mann in einem Kajak ruht sich auf einem Sprungbrett aus.
Ein junger Mann in Boxershorts schneidet beim Anziehen seiner Jeans eine Grimasse.
Ein lterer Mann macht Fallschirmspringen.
Beim gemeinsamen Eishockeyspiel liegt ein Mann auf dem Boden und wird von dem anderen mit Eis beworfen.
Ein Fuballspieler des grnen Teams versucht zu schieen.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann hlt eine Angel nach oben und eine zweite ins Wasser, an der ein Fisch hngt.
Eine Frau springt an einem sonnigen Tag auf einem von Bumen gesumten Weg in die Luft.
Der Footballspieler im roten Trikot ist im Besitz des Footballs, ein zweiter trgt ein rotes Trikot und der dritte ein weies Trikot.
Ein Footballspieler des Texas A&M-Teams rennt mit dem Ball.
Eine Gruppe von neun jungen Frauen in langen schwarzen Kleidern singt mit Mappen in den Hnden auf einer unberdachten Metalltribne vor einer Menschenmenge.
Zwei Mnner rennen bei einem Fuballspiel dem Ball hinterher.
Ein Mann in einem Kleid tanzt, ein anderer Mann steht an einer Leiter und schaut in die andere Richtung.
Ryan Tannehill von den Texas A&M wird fast von einem Iowa State-Spieler gesackt.
Ein Verkehrshelfer lotst Personen ber die Strae.
Eine krftige Frau mit einer roten Kopfbedeckung regelt den Verkehr.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann befindet sich mit geffnetem Mund neben einem medizinischen Apparat.
Ein alter schwitzender Mann hlt sich die Hnde vor das Gesicht.
Einige Mnner laufen ein Marathon und werden von einer Menschenmenge angefeuert.
Eine Frau fhrt ein Radrennen.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters ist entsetzt, als ihm jemand einen seltsamen Fisch auf einem Spie anbietet.
Ein Mann macht im Freien Sport.
Ein Footballspieler in einem blau-goldenen Trikot rennt ber die 30-Yards-Linie Richtung Endzone.
Ein komplett rosa gekleideter Mann fhrt ein Radrennen.
Eine wei gekleidete Frau zieht Kseblcke von einem Frderband herunter.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil wird von seinen Mannschaftskollegen hochgehoben.
Ein hellhutiger gelb gekleideter Junge und ein afroamerikanisches lila gekleidetes Mdchen stehen vor orangen Schliefchern.
Mnner in grnen und roten Trikots spielen Fuball.
Im Vordergrund fhrt eine Frau Fahrrad, im Hintergrund sind weitere Radfahrer zu sehen.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt entschlossen auf die Ziellinie zu.
Das Footballteam der Iowa Hawkeyes macht in der Endzone ein Tor gegen die Michigan State Spartans.
Ein sehr ser Ringtrger wird widerwillig vom Blumenmdchen geksst.
Eine dunkelhutiges Mdchen in einer lila Jacke sitzt auf einem bunten Stuhl und schaut sich ein Buch an.
Zwei Fu0ballspieler fallen in der Nhe des Balls zu Boden.
Ein schwarzweier Hund springt aus dem Wasser und einer brauner Hund schttelt sich.
Ein mit seinem Spitz Gassi gehender Mann beschreibt einem Radfahrer den Weg.
Viele Personen, die alle Kronen tragen, essen in einem mit Kerzen erhellten Esszimmer zu Abend.
Ein professioneller Radfahrer trgt blau-gelb-weie Fahrradbekleidung.
Zwei junge Frauen befinden sich in einem Chemieunterrichtsraum und eine von ihnen giet eine Lsung in ein Becherglas.
Ich hoffe, dass ich noch Augenbrauen habe, wenn ich das miteinander mische.
Eine Gruppe junger Highschool- oder Collegestudenten lchelt bei der Durchfhrung eines wissenschaftlichen Experiments, bei dem Flssigkeiten in und von Becherglser umgefllt werden.
Ein Forscher ist in sein Experiment vertieft.
Eine groe Frau mit einer rosa Federboa schlendert den Gehweg entlang.
Ein Mann klettert einen Felsbrocken am Wasser hoch.
Ein junger Mann mit freiem Oberkrper klettert eine Felswand hoch und sucht nach dem nchsten Handgriff.
Ein Mann trgt viele auf einer Stange aufgehngte groe Taschen.
Ein mnnlicher Lufer in einem orange-weien T-Shirt und schwarzen Shorts sprintet die Strecke entlang.
Ein junger Mann bekommt eine Medaille verliehen und um den Hals gehangen.
Eine Person in einem regenbogenfarbenen Schneeanzug fhrt mit dem Snowboard einen verschneiten Hang hinunter.
Ein Mann singt und spielt akustische Gitarre in der ffentlichkeit.
Drei Kricketspieler spielen auf einem sehr grnen Feld mit Palmen im Hintergrund.
Zwei schwarz gekleidete Tennisspieler jubeln auf einem Tennisplatz gegenber zwei wei gekleideten Mnnern.
Eine junge Frau sitzt vor einem Computer und versucht mithilfe der an ihrem Kopf angebrachten Diagnostikleuchte des Arztes das Kleingedruckte auf einem Blatt Papier zu entziffern.
Ein vor der Klasse stehender Lehrer liest den Grundschulkindern laut ein Buch vor.
Drei Personen stehen mit Angeln auf den Felsen am Wasser.
Ein Mann mit der Trikotnummer39 spielt Hockey.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen macht Fotos auf einem Gehweg vor einem groen Gewsser.
Ein Lufer rennt im Wald durch eine groe Pftze.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf einem verwitterten, festungsartigen Bau am Meer und angeln.
Ein Junge spielt auf einem Spielplatz Fuball.
Eine Mann mit freiem Oberkrper klettert an der Seite eines Felsens hoch.
Zwei Mnner versuchen ihr auf einem Feld positioniertes Teleskop auszurichten.
Ein kleiner asiatisch aussehender Junge im Pyjama sitzt neben dem Bett auf dem Boden und schaut sich ein aus Lego gebautes Insekt an.
Bei einem japanischen Tempel findet eine Veranstaltung statt.
Ein Basketballspieler hngt kopfber am Basketballkorb, lacht und spricht mit dem Schiedsrichter vor den Zuschauern.
Ein Mann fhrt Wasserski und bekommt Wasserspritzer ab.
Ein Mann im Kajak scheint zu denken, dass das Kajak viel zu klein fr ihn ist.
Arbeiter holen Steine von einem wei-grnen Lkw herunter.
Ein Mann geht am Ende einer kleinen gepflasterten Gasse.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper liegt auf der Strae.
Eine Schwimmerin mit Schwimmbrille und Badekappe macht Rckenschwimmen.
Aaron Rodgers lchelt dem in der Endzone stehenden Donald Driver zu.
Ein Mann in Sportbekleidung und mit Sonnenbrille manvriert das Boot mit einem groen Ruder.
Ein junger Mann macht einen Skateboardtrick auf der Strae.
Ein lchelndes Mdchen in einem Speedo-Badeanzug, mit Schwimmbrille und Badekappe hlt ihre Hnde an die Stirn.
Vier Frauen und ein Mann musizieren in einem Wohnzimmer.
Eine blondhaarige Frau luft vor einer Gruppe von drei Personen.
Ein blonder Tennisspieler ist auf einem Rasenplatz in Aktion.
Zwei Personen arbeiten in einem Caf.
Eine Frau liest Zeitung in der U-Bahn.
Eine Person surft auf einer Welle im Meer an einem klaren, sonnigen Tag.
Zwei Jungen spielen im Garten mit langen Stcken.
Ein Mann geht auf Brettern und hlt sich dabei an einer groen an einem Haus lehnenden Leiter fest.
Ein Mann versucht die Leiter auf dem Gerst zu greifen.
Ein Lateinamerikaner steht auf dem Gehweg mit einem Werbeschild fr Quiznos-Subs.
Ein Frauen- und einer Mnnerteam von Inlineskatern treten in Kostmen bei einen Wettbewerb an.
Ein Mann liest Zeitung unter einigen Bumen auf einer Terrasse.
Ein Radfahrer auf einem neongelben Fahrrad befindet sich in der Luft.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer fhrt auf einem Parcours um eine scharfe Kurve mit einem Zuschauer im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem winzigen Motorrad durch einen belebten Markt.
Ein gelb gekleideter Mann lchelt in die Kamera, als er den Truthahnbraten aus dem Ofen holt.
Gremienvertreter sitzen auf einem Podium in einem Hrsaal.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in gelb-schwarzen Anzgen tritt vor einer groen Menschenmenge auf.
Auf einem belebten Flughafen findet eine Demonstration statt.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem weien Sommerkleid rutscht lchelnd eine blaue Rutsche hinunter.
Ein Mann spielt mit seinem Hund Tauziehen.
Vier kleine Jungen stellen sich an der Startlinie fr einen Wettlauf auf.
Eine Gruppe von Athletinnen steht dicht aneinander gedrngt und ist aufgeregt.
Eine Frau fttert einen lteren Mann bei einer Hochzeitsfeier mit Kuchen.
Ein Sptimbiss nimmt die Bestellungen der Kunden auf.
Ein Mdchen mischt in der Kche Teig in einer Schssel fr Waffeln.
Ein Mann fhrt mit hochgehobenen Armen auf seinem Skateboard durch die Strae.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und Jeansshorts fhrt mit seinem Skateboard einen Weg hinunter.
Eine Frau in einem roten Oberteil und mit Schutzbrille bedient einen orangen Bohrer.
Ein Mountainbiker fhrt bei einem Rennen auf einem unbefestigten Weg.
Ein Mann arbeitet angestrengt an seinem IPad.
Ein brauner und ein weier Hund rennen ber einen steinigen Hgel.
Drei junge Mnner spielen am Strand in Shorts und Badebekleidung Fuball, whrend einige Personen zuschauen.
Ein blaues und ein weies Team treten bei einem Sportspiel gegeneinander an.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil und eine braunhaarige Frau schnffeln an einer Flasche.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen isst im Stehen, und ein Mann in einer weien Jacke zeigt mit dem Finger auf etwas.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen spielt auf ungewhnlichen Instrumenten Musik in der ffentlichkeit.
Ein Basketballspieler setzt zum Wurf des Balls bei einem Spiel in der Schulturnhalle an.
Eine Person in einem rosa Oberteil fhrt Motorrad auf einem Parcours.
Drei Mariachi-Musiker spielen in einem Garten.
Ein Bauarbeiter hilft beim Ausrichten einer Betonplatte auf der Strae.
Ein kleines braunhaariges Mdchen sitzt im Baum.
Eine Person auf einem Fahrrad springt ber einen Erdhgel.
Ein kleiner Junge auf Inlineskates springt ber eine blaue Tonne.
Kinder mit Weihnachtsmannmtzen tanzen glcklich um den Weihnachtsbaum.
Ein Snowboarder fhrt auf einem Gelnder in einer verschneiten Berglandschaft.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau fahren mit einem Boot.
Ein Mann in Rennsportbekleidung und mit Helm fhrt ein schnittiges blaues Motorrad.
Ein Mann steht mit seinem gelb-grnen Surfboard an der Kste.
Ein Mann hmmert barfu einen Nagel in ein Stck Holz.
Zwei Forscher schauen durch ein Mikroskop, das von komplexen Maschinen umgeben ist.
Ein Mann mit langen lockigen Haaren verzieht das Gesicht, als ein Mann mit der Haarschneidemaschine an seinen Bart ansetzt.
Mnner wischen das Eis, um das Gewicht zum Ziel zu bewegen.
Eine Gruppe Taucher rettet einen Mann im Wasser.
Zwei Personen haben Spa bei einem unbekannten Schiebespiel.
Drei Personen auf einem Hockeyfeld spielen eine Art Spiel.
Ein Mann in einem gelb-grnen Trikot schiet einen Fuball.
Eine Gruppe junger, lila gekleideter Mnner ist dabei, einen Teamkollegen zu fangen.
Der am Hgel stehende Werfer wirft den Ball.
Ein Mann in kompletter Kricketbekleidung spielt in einem Sportclub Kricket.
Einem kleinen Mdchen wird mit ihrem Spielzeug geholfen.
Eine Person im Weihnachtsmannkostm grt Kinder auerhalb eines Gebudes, whrend die Eltern zuschauen.
Zwei ltere und eine Frau decken den Tisch.
Ein Sportler in einem hellblauen Trikot macht sich bereit, um den Pass seines Gegners in einem grauen Trikot abzufangen.
Eine Frau luft bei einem Marathon in einem Park mit.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem BMX-Rad, im Hintergrund ist ein Wald zu sehen.
Eine Person fhrt mit einem Rad durch den Wald.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Trikot strzt beim Fuballspielen und ein Mann in einem weien Trikot stolpert ber ihn und tritt dabei auf sein Fugelenk.
Ein Mann posiert mit seiner Freundin fr ein Foto.
Bei einem Basketballspiel mit Zuschauern schaut ein Spieler in einem weien Trikot zu, wie sein Gegner in einem schwarzen Trikot den Basketball ber das Spielfeld dribbelt.
Eine Person trgt beim Inlineskaten Knieschtzer, Helm und Handgelenkschtzer.
Ein Mdchen mit der Nummer3 auf ihrem Oberteil geht ber einen Turnhallenboden.
Zwei junge Personen machen eine freundschaftliche Schneeballschlacht.
Ein Mann liegt Zigarette rauchend an einem Fluss.
Ein Mann in Laufbekleidung luft die Strae entlang.
Mnner in gestreiften Oberteilen rudern mit einem Boot auf dem Fluss in Wien.
Ein Mann schlft im Freien und nimmt seine Bchertasche als Kopfkissen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil und blauen Shorts beugt sich ber ein Kanu am Ende eines Hafenbeckens.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen ist ber einen Tisch gebeugt.
Ein jngeres Prchen sitzt dicht beieinander und guckt einen 3D-Film.
Kommentatoren und Rundfunksprecher befinden sich vor dem Spiel in einer Arena in ihren Kabinen.
Basketballspieler Nummer11 des Penn State-Teams setzt zum Wurf auf den Korb an und der Ball berhrt nur noch seine Fingerspitzen.
Eine Person mit blonden kurzen Haaren und Brille steht verwirrt vor einer Reihe von Portrts.
Zwei Mnnerteams spielen Basketball in einem leeren Stadion.
Fnf Basketballspieler versuchen den Ball zu erobern.
Basketballspieler spielen vor einem kleinen Publikum.
Eine Frau und ein Kind sitzen auf einem Baumstamm und waschen Wsche.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt am Strand und fllt eine Wasserflasche mit Sand.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einem Holzboden Jenga.
Ein Mann wendet eine Kampfsporttechnik bei einem anderen Mann in einer Turnhalle an.
Ein Quarterback spielt den Football bei einem NFL-Spiel ab.
Ein Skateboarder springt mit einem Stunt von einer 1,5Meter hohen Klippe.
Ein Radfahrer flickt seinen Reifen an einem sonnigen Tag.
Zwei Frauen in schwarzen Kleidern und roten Oberteilen stehen lchelnd neben einem Zaun.
Zwei Frauen stehen mit dem Rcken zur Kamera und eine von ihnen schaut durch ein Mnzteleskop.
Zuschauer sitzen bei einem Hockeyspiel im Publikum, und ein Fotograf macht von einer zwischen den Mannschaften stehenden Kabine aus Fotos.
Knstler in bunten Kostmen und mit Masken stehen vor einer asiatischen Menschenmenge.
Eine Person in schwarzweier Kleidung und mit einer Maske steht vor einer Gruppe von Kindern.
Ein einsamer Mann spielt am Hafen Akkordeon.
Ein junges Mdchen im Teamtrikot holt zum Schlag eines Balls aus und ein anderes Mdchen schaut dabei zu.
Ein Mann surft auf einer Welle.
Ein Surfer in einem Neoprenanzug erwischt eine gute Welle zum Surfen.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Snowboard einen Hang hinunter.
Ein Mann befindet sich nach einem Sprung ber eine Welle mit seinem blauen Jetski in der Luft.
Zwei schwarze und weie Hunde spielen im Freien miteinander.
Zwei sehr kleine, mit Farbklecksen berste Kinder malen mit roter und gelber Farbe auf eine Leinwand.
Ein Mann springt mit seinem schwarzen Snowboard in die Luft, whrend Personen im Hintergrund zuschauen.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil und schwarzen Shorts ist in die Luft gesprungen und dabei, einen rot-weien Ball zu werfen.
Zwei junge Mnner in einem Kampfsportring kmpfen vor einer Zuschauermenge.
Ein asiatischer Kickboxer tritt seinen Gegner im Ring des Mohegan Sun-Casinos.
Fnf Fotografen machen Fotos, whrend einer mit der Ausrstung beschftigt ist.
Ein junger Snowboarder springt mit seinem schwarzen Snowboard in die Luft.
Eine Gruppe Mnner macht eine Outdoor-Sportart.
Ein Turner balanciert auf einem Arm und mit den Beinen in der Luft zwischen zwei Holmen.
Zwei Mnner, einer in einem blauen Oberteil und blauen Hosen, der andere in einem lila Oberteil und schwarzen Hosen, stellen Tpferwaren her.
Eine junge Frau spielt auf einer Bhne Gitarre und singt dabei.
Ein Surfer in einem Neoprenanzug surft auf einer Welle.
Ein schwarz gekleidete Frau und ein wei gekleideter Mann schieben eine Mlltonne.
Ein Mann in den Bergen hlt eine Waffe.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann in einer Jacke, mit Brille und Sandalen befindet sich in groer Hhe und zielt mit einer Waffe.
Ein brnettes Mdchen stellt einen Scheinwerfer fr eine Show auf.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Badeanzug und mit Schwimmbrille wartet im Sitzen.
Drei Mnner unterhalten sich auf einer Bank im Museum.
Ein Mann und eine Frau unterhalten sich neben Skulpturen, whrend sich ein weiterer Mann andere Skulpturen anschaut.
Ein Footballspieler in schwarzer Kleidung versucht einen anderen Spieler in einem weien Trikot zu tackeln.
Eine alter Herr, neben dem ein kleiner Junge sitzt, spielt fr Geld Musik auf der Strae
Vier Arbeiter mit Schutzhelmen stehen zusammen auf einer Baustelle.
Drei Mdchen springen mit einem Ausdruck der Begeisterung in die Luft.
Zwei Frauen stehen in der Kche und wischen Tabletts ab.
Vier Kinder trainieren scheinbar Karate.
Ein Mann hlt beim Telefonieren mit seinem Handy seine Wsche gegen die Wand.
Zwei Fuballteams befinden sich auf dem Spielfeld, das eine Team trgt blau-weie, das andere Team wei-blauen Trikots.
Zwei Mnner essen Sandwiches und Chips zum Mittag.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil und mit einer grnen Kopfbedeckung trinkt Tee mit einem Mann, der eine schwarze Kapuzenjacke und eine Brille trgt.
Ein Mann mit einer Kopfbedeckung und einem Kittel werkelt an einem Fahrrad.
Ein junges Mdchen im Badeanzug bereitet sich auf den Wettkampf vor.
Ein Motorradfahrer steht fr einen Moment ber seinem Gelndemotorrad.
Ein Mann liegt im Schnee und ein Mdchen steht neben ihm.
Ein junger Mann macht mit dem Basketball einen Dunking.
Eine afroamerikanische Person schnitzt Bilder in ein Holzbrett.
Fnf japanische Kinder ben mit Bgen vor ihrem Sensei-Lehrer.
Eine Gruppe hellhutiger Personen singt unter Zuhilfenahme von Notenheften.
Eine indische Frau spielt mit einer hellhutigen Frau Reise nach Jerusalem.
Zwei Musiker in T-Shirts, von denen einer Gitarre spielt und der andere singt, stehen auf der Bhne.
Ein Orchester spielt bei einer Veranstaltung im Freien.
Eine Gruppe Kinder in einem Klassenraum folgt nicht dem Unterricht.
Eine Gruppe Menschen kommt zu einer Hochzeit zusammen.
Eine Frau gibt einem kleinen Jungen in einem schwarzen, rmellosen T-Shirt einen Kuss auf die Wange.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Pool lchelt.
Die Intensitt eines Augenblicks bei einem Eishockeyspiel.
Zwei Mnner spielen professionell Hockey.
Eine Frau in einem Bikini schwimmt unter Wasser.
Ein kleiner Junge isst Schokoladeneis mit einem Lffel.
Kinder in einem Klassenraum stehen in einer Linie, legen die Hnde auf den Rcken des Vordermanns und bilden so einen Zug.
Ein Junge schaut dabei zu, wie eine rot gekleidete, lchelnde Frau den Korken einer Flasche knallen lsst.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt auf einem Spielplatz auf einer Schaukel und ein Mann in einem grnen Sweatshirt steht daneben.
Eine Frau in eine weien Bluse wird portrtiert.
Ein Mdchen zeigt auf einen Punkt auf einer Karte in einem Park.
Ein Mdchen in einem Badeanzug, mit Badekappe und Schwimmbrille.
Eine Familie beobachtet tagsber aus einem Fenster eine Menschenmenge mit Schirmen.
Zwei Mnner spielen auf der Strae Musik vor einem Backsteingebude.
Ein Mann mit geflochtenen Haaren und einem Bart steht vor einem Gebude und spricht oder singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Kirchenchor singt ein Weihnachtslied und ein Projektor im Hintergrund zeigt den Liedtext an.
Bei einem Volleyballspiel schmettert ein Mann in einem gelb-blauen Trikot den Ball ber das Netz und an drei Abwehrspielern in roten Trikots vorbei.
Zwei junge Mnner rennen im Herbst ber den Rasen.
Ein kleines Mdchen liebkost ein Katzenbaby beim Anschauen der Weihnachtsgeschenke, whrend eine ltere Frau dabei zusieht.
Eine Person in einem blauen Oberteil und khakifarbenen Hosen klettert einen Baum hinauf.
Blick durch das Fenster eines asiatischen Herrensalons, in dem einige Kunden die Haare geschnitten bekommen.
Ein Handballspieler holt zum Wurf in ein Meer von Verteidigern aus.
Ein Mann in einem roten Sweatshirt wird von einem Mann in einem blauen Sweatshirt beim Skateboarden gefilmt.
Kunden suchen im Kaufhaus Harrod's nach Geschenken.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Badeanzug hlt sich am Rand des im Boden eingelassenen Schwimmbeckens fest.
Eine Frau in einem Badeanzug steigt aus dem Schwimmbecken.
Vier Frauen sitzen auf grnen Gartenmbeln auf einer Terrasse, im Hintergrund steht eine Hundehtte.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher sitzt auf dem Rasen.
Erwachsene und Kinder vergngen sich am Pool; einige sind im Wasser und andere sitzen in Liegesthlen um den Pool herum.
Eine Gruppe Mnner startet einen Wettlauf.
Ein lterer Mann im Rollstuhl spielt Gitarre auf der Strae.
Zwei Polizisten sitzen auf einem quietschgelben Motorrad.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in halboffizieller Kleidung schauen mit einem Ausdruck der Begeisterung auf einen mit Jenga-Steinen bersten Tisch.
Eine Fuballmannschaft in grn-weien Trikots posiert fr ein Gruppenfoto.
Ein Torhter in einem gelben Trikot schaut im Hintergrund hoch, whrend ein Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft in einem grnen Trikot auf allen vieren kniet und sein Gesicht im Rasen vergrbt.
Zwei Musiker spielen in einer Scheune Musik.
Ein Kind steht auf einem stdtischen Platz und starrt einigen riesigen, in der Luft schwebenden Seifenblasen hinterher.
Eine Touristin liest die vor ihr stehende Karte mit der Beschreibung des Wasserwegs.
Eine schwarzhaarige Frau benutzt ihren Schminkpinsel bei einer anderen Frau und spreizt dabei ihren kleinen Finger ab.
Eine Braut mit Brautstrau in der Hand schaut zurck in die Menge.
Eine Braut mit Brautstrau in der Hand steht neben einem Mann im Smoking.
Eine Braut steigt in ihrem weien Hochzeitskleid aus dem Auto.
Ein BMX-Fahrer in roter Bekleidung und mit einem Helm fhrt mit seinem Rad neben einem Holzzaun.
Das Publikum schaut einer auf der Bhne spielenden Band zu.
Ein junges Mdchen in blauen Hosen und einem bunten gestreiften Oberteil springt in die Luft.
Eine Erzieherin und ihre Hilfskraft helfen einer Gruppe von Kleinkindern beim Singen oder Bewegen.
Zwei Kinder in weien Karateanzgen schauen auf etwas oder jemanden.
Vier Personen stehen im Wasser und schauen sich ein Jetski an, whrend ein Mann in der Nhe angelt.
Eine Person auf einem Fahrrad ist von Kopf bis Fu mit Schlamm bedeckt.
Ein Skifahrer fhrt einen Hang hinunter.
Ein lchelndes Baby sitzt in einer weien Babyschaukel und ist umgeben von Spielzeug.
Ein Musikertrio spielt in einer Bar.
Ein in grau gekleideter Junge macht Fotos von seinem Freund im gestreiften Sweatshirt, der auf seinem Skateboard Tricks macht.
Ein junger Mann macht einen Skateboardtrick ber eine Treppe.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil repariert ein Fahrrad in einem gelben Raum.
Ein Hund springt im Freien nach einem roten Ball.
Ein schwarzer und ein brauner Hund spielen im Gras und ber ihnen fliegt ein roter Ball.
Ein kleiner Hund versucht einen roten Ball zu fangen.
Zwei verdreckte Rugbyspieler der beiden gegnerischen Mannschaften liegen im Spiel gleichauf und werden von den Fans gespannt beobachtet.
Zwei Personen fahren Kajak im offenen Meer.
Ein Kind mit einem Strohhut mit blauem Band trinkt aus einer rosa Tasse.
Eine Frau sitzt an einer Straenecke auf ihren Taschen und bespritzt Passanten mit Wasser.
Eine junge Frau springt so hoch wie sie kann, um ihre Freunde zu beeindrucken.
Ein Kind in einem roten Mantel befindet sich in einer Festung aus Schnee.
Ein kleiner Hund rennt einem Richtung Bsche geworfenen roten Ball hinterher.
Ein Mann verpasst einem anderen einen Haarschnitt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Pullover und einem roten Oberteil spielt neben einem Baum Trompete.
Ein junger Mann fotografiert einen anderen jungen Mann beim Sprung auf seinem Skateboard.
Ein Mann steht mit einem Mikrofon in der Mitte der Bhne und hinter ihm schieen Flammen empor.
Zwei Eishockeyspieler kmpfen mit ihren Pucks um ein Tor.
Ein Mann mit Schutzhelm arbeitet in der Nhe Mllcontainers.
Ein Mann in einem dunkelblauen Autor fhrt an Lageranhngern vorbei.
Ein Tischler mittleren Alters benutzt eine Standbohrmaschine in einer berfllten Werkstatt.
Ein lterer Mann mit Brille in einer Werkstatt.
Eine glckliche asiatische Familie posiert fr ein Urlaubsfoto vor einer Feuerstelle.
Drei Kinder in Sportkleidung befindet sich auch einem Fuballfeld.
Gegnerische Volleyballspielerinnen versuchen die Kontrolle ber den in der Luft fliegenden Ball zu gewinnen.
Ein Mann steht in einem Feld mit einer grnen Pflanze.
Ein einzelner Mann steht neben einigen alten Gebuden in einer Pflasterstrae.
Wei und rot gekleidete Mnner spielen Musikinstrumente.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in blauen und weien Dischdaschas fhrt mit orangen Fahrrdern.
Eine Person spielt neben einem trben Gewsser mit einem Stein.
Zwei als Weihnachtsmann und Weihnachtsfrau verkleidete Personen und zwei weitere Personen fahren im von einem Pferd gezogenen Weihnachtsmannschlitten durch eine verschneite Stadt.
Ein junger Mann in Jeans fhrt mitten in der Nacht mit seinem Skateboard durch eine Lagerhalle.
Zwei Personen machen Parasailing ber dem Meer, im Hintergrund ist eine wunderschne Landschaft zu sehen.
Eine Person macht Parasailing mit einem Board im Meer.
Drei Mnner in weien Oberteilen fahren mit ihren Skateboards auf einer Strae, whrend ein Mann und eine Frau auf beiden Seiten der Strae Fotos machen.
Ein DJ in einem roten Oberteil und mit Sonnenbrille legt Musik auf.
Ein alter Mann sitzt vor einem Computerbildschirm und hlt die Hnde vor sein Gesicht.
Ein Mann hebt mit seinem Schneemobil ab.
Personen in Trainingsanzgen liegen zusammen auf einem Sporthallenboden, whrend eine stehende Person eines ihrer Beine greift.
Eine Frau in einem blau-gelben Einteiler fhrt auf einem gelben Fahrrad.
Ein Radfahrer in einem orange-blauen Einteiler mit Rapobank-Schriftzug fhrt auf seinem Rad.
Ein kleines Kind beobachtet einen Zug, der im Grnen steht.
Im Himmel flattern gelbe, rote und blaue Fahnen und ein Kunstspringer befindet sich komplett gestreckt in der Luft.
Ein mnnlicher Straenknstler balanciert auf einem Seil.
Ein Mann in schwarzen Oxford-Schuhen, Jeans und einem grn-schwarzen Lagenoberteil springt vor einem heruntergekommenen Industriegebude.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen in einer Kche mit Plastikbechern voll Wein oder Sekt.
Zwei Personen in Winterkleidung gehen mit einem Hund am Strand spazieren.
Ein Mann surft im Meer.
Ein Schwimmer taucht mit einem Salto ins Wasser ein, whrend mehrere Frauen im Hintergrund zuschauen.
Drei Mnner haben bei einem Wettkampf den ersten, zweiten und dritten Platz gewonnen und stehen auf dem Siegerpodium.
Drei junge Mdchen schauen auf einen Bildschirm und eines der Mdchen zeigt darauf.
Ein Kind schaut einem Mann beim Pingpongspielen zu.
Ein Mann in orangen Shorts und mit einer blauen Kopfbedeckung befindet sich in einem Baum.
Drei Hockeyspieler in roten Trikots stehen mit ihren Hockeyschlgern in der Hand zusammen.
Eine Frau in schwarzen Hosen und einem weien Oberteil klettert einen Felsen hoch.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner ist unter einem Baum versammelt.
Eine ltere Frau mit Brille serviert sich selbst Raclette in einem rustikal anmutenden Raum.
Drei Kinder trainieren Karate.
Zwei Personen in einem gelben Kajak nhern sich einem greren, weien Kajak im Meer.
Ein asiatisch aussehende Frau schneidet ein anderen Frau die Haare.
Ein hellhutige Friseurin schneidet die Haare eine jungen, hellhutigen Mannes, der einen schwarzen Umhang trgt.
Eine junge Frau malt Bilder auf eine weie Oberflche.
Ein Mann mit einem Mikrofon und zwei Teenager untersuchen etwas in ihren Hnden.
Ein Mann schneidet Haare.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil hebt eine Metallschssel aus dem Ofen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen zieht mehrere Lagen Kleidung fr den kalten Winter an.
Eine Barkeeperin bedient ihre Kunden mit einem Lcheln, im Hintergrund ist ein Tnzer zu sehen.
Eine Barkeeperin bereitet ein Getrnk zu und auf der Bar liegt ein Krbis.
Ein kleiner Junge probiert zu groe Unterwsche an.
Zwei Personen kmpfen auf einem Hockeyfeld miteinander.
Ein Mann mit Helm springt mit seinem Fahrrad ein Treppe hinunter.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad ist umgeben von weiem Sand.
Eine Gruppe Wanderer drngt sich auf einem grauen, felsigen Gelnde, das an einen eisblauen Gletscher grenzt.
Ein junger Baseballspieler umluft die dritte Base, als die Outfielder den Ball am Zaun zurckerobern.
Ein kleiner Junge in Baseballkleidung ist dabei, einen Baseball in seinem Handschuh zu fangen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in oranger Kleidung scheuern kniend den Boden.
Eine Menschenmenge beobachtet zwei Frauen in traditioneller asiatischer Kleidung, die zum Schuss mit Pfeil und Bogen ansetzen.
Fnf Mnner mit Hten sitzen im Kreis und spielen verschiedene Horninstrumente.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem sich schnell bewegenden Mopp, im Hintergrund liegt viel Spielzeug.
Ein Eishockeyspieler mittleren Alters fhrt eine Kurve auf dem Eis.
Zwei Frauen im Hintergrund schauen zu, wie ein junger Mann ein Tier sauber macht.
Ein schwarzweier Hund springt in einem Garten.
Ein Basketballspieler in weiem Trikot dribbelt den Ball vor einem Spieler in einem schwarzen Trikot.
Zwei Kampfsportler boxen, whrend ein Schiedsrichter mit Krawatte zusieht.
Eine Frau in einem pfirsichfarbenen Oberteil und einer schwarzen Jeans spielt allein Bowling.
Kleine indische Kinder drngen sich um einen Laptop.
Eine Frau lackiert sich die Fingerngel rot.
Eine Person in einem schwarzen Oberteil spielt Bowling.
Ein blondhaariges Mdchen steht in Spielhaltung vor einer Bowlingbahn.
Eine junge Frau malt eine Bekanntmachung und ein Bild an eine Frontscheibe.
Ein junger Mann springt von einem Dock vor einem amerikanischen Vorstadthaus.
Hockeyspieler spielen Eishockey.
Ein Crosscountry-Lufer rennt auf einem von Gras und Bumen gesumten Weg.
Eine Gruppe Schaulustiger sieht sich den Eiffelturm von einem Balkon an.
Ein Mann spielt Bowling und am anderen Ende der Bowlingbahn hngen verschiedene Nationalflaggen.
Zwei ltere asiatisch aussehende Personen tragen ein groen Korb mit geernteten Erzeugnissen.
Zwei Jungen vergngen sich in einem Spielpark, im Hintergrund stehen zwei lachende Frauen.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Wakeboard im Meer.
Eine Frau lt einen Fahrradrahmen, bevor sie das Rad zusammenbaut.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil flickt einen Fahrradreifen.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann in einem gelb gestreiften Oberteil und Shorts hat Seetang in der Hand und watet durch eine berschwemmte Gegend.
Ein Rockband spielt ein Livekonzert.
Ein Person mit Helm und Motorradbekleidung fhrt mit seinem Gelndemotorrad ber einen Hgel.
Eine Puppenshow, bei der Menschen auf langen Stangen stehen.
Ein kleiner blondhaariger Junge in einer grnen Winterjacke schaut am Strand gespannt aufs Wasser.
Eine Person mit Kopfbedeckung fegt.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Badehosen waschen einen groen braunen Hund.
Ein Eiskunstlufer dreht sich auf dem Eis.
Ein Junge macht eine Wendung und springt vergngt durch den Sprenger.
Radfahrer fahren mit dem Autoverkehr auf einer Hauptstrae.
Eine Frau in einem Sweatshirt und mit Kopfbedeckung unterhlt sich mit einem Krankenpfleger, whrend er ihr intravense Medizin verabreicht.
Ein grn und schwarz gekleideter Mann springt mit einem Ball in der Hand durch die Luft.
Ein Radfahrerin trgt ihr Rad bei einem Rennen durch tiefen Schlamm.
Ein kleiner afrikanischer Junge beobachtet voller Neugier eine hellhutige erwachsene Frau.
Zwei dunkelhutige Kinder schauen gespannt auf die Personen hinter ihnen, die ihre floral gemusterte Kleidung mit Staub vermengen.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzweien Trikot spielt Eishockey.
Ein Mann mit Headset spielt vor Zuschauern auf einem ungewhnlichen Instrument.
Ein Mann und eine Frau bereiten zusammen ein Essen in einer Restaurantkche zu.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit grauen Haaren, in einem weien Oberteil und blauen Hosen schlft.
Ein kleines gelb und lila gekleidetes Kind schaufelt Kieselsteine und Erde in einen Eimer.
Ein volles Stadion beim Footballspiel der 49ers, bei dem Fans eine Flagge ausgebreitet halten.
Mehrere Erwachsene mit gelben Helmen und Rettungswesten machen Wildwasserrafting.
Ein Mann in einer trkisen Weste und schwarzen Hosen sitzt vor einem Steindenkmal.
Fnf Personen befinden sich mit Fallschirmen am Himmel.
Zwei afrikanische Kinder mit orange angemalten Gesichtern posieren fr ein Foto vor einer Htte.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil klettert einen Felsen hoch.
Eine durch ein Seil gesicherte Frau erklimmt eine schwierige Felswand.
Ein rot und blau gekleidetes Mdchen spielt Baseball auf einem Baseballfeld.
Eine junge Cheerleaderin tritt mit ihrer Truppe bei einem Spiel auf.
Ein Mann mit einem Cowboyhut singt und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann in einem dunkelblauen T-Shirt und blauen Jeans tanzt mit einer jngeren Frau in einem roten geblmten Kleid.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut einem Mann und einer Frau beim Tanzen zu.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen bei einer Party allein in der Mitte einer Menschenmenge.
Eine junge Frau fhrt Schlittschuhe.
Eine dunkelblau gekleidete Eisluferin beugt sich nach oben, eine zweite in hellblauer Kleidung beugt sich nach unten.
Ein Herrenfriseur schneidet den Schnurrbart eines Kunden.
Ein Mann versucht einen Golfball aus dem Sandfang auf einem Golfplatz zu schlagen.
Eine Person springt auf einem schwarz-roten Quad ber Erdrampen.
Eine Frau in einem leuchtenden Blumenkleid und schwarzen Oberteil sitzt neben einem Gebude auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann hpft ber Wildwasser.
Ein durch die Luft fliegender Snowboarder versucht auf einem Schneehgel zu landen.
Ein Mann in gelbe Hosen fhrt Snowboard.
Eine blonde Frau in einem roten T-Shirt und mit einem blauen Armband singt vor grnem Hintergrund in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Person springt auf einem Snowboard in die Hhe.
Ein Motocrossfahrer in kompletter Rennausrstung rast ber eine Sanddne.
Ein mnnlicher Lehrer unterrichtet die kleinen Kinder seiner Klasse.
Sechs Personen in Trgerhemden und mit Helmen fahren Inlineskates und werden von zwei Schiedsrichtern im Hintergrund beobachtet.
Ein Skifahrer macht einen Trick in der Luft.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Sommeroberteil macht Fotos von der nahe gelegenen Waldlandschaft.
Ein Bauarbeiter steht an einem mechanischen Aufzug-
Ein kleiner Junge und ein lterer Mann benutzen eine Bohrmaschine bei irgendeinem Gegenstand.
Ein kleiner Junge bemalt kleine Bltter Papier.
Ein kleines Mdchen stellt Kunstwerke aus Schirmchen und Korken her.
Kinder basteln mit einem Erwachsenen an einem Basteltisch.
Ein Kind macht etwas mit einer runden Scheibe mit strahlenfrmigen roten und blauen Linien, einem Klebestift und ausgeschnittenen Zahlen.
Ein kleines Kind lernt mit Kabeln, wie Elektrizitt funktioniert.
Eine Frau arbeitet mit einem Elektrogert.
Ein Kind beschftigt sich mit einem Elektronik-Experimentierkasten.
Ein Mann steigt ber eine Holzleiter aus einem Eisloch.
Zwei Teams spielen in einem Stadion Hockey und das gelbe Team hat gerade ein Tor geschossen.
Ein Hockeyspieler im gelben Trikot und ein anderer im weien Trikot versuchen im Zweikampf Kontrolle ber den Hockeypuck zu gewinnen.
Zwei Spieler befinden sich auf einem Feld im Zweikampf.
Ein Mann mit Brille sitzt auf dem Rcksitz eines Autos, spielt Gitarre und schaut dabei aus dem Fenster.
Ein Mann springt fr einen Basketballwurf hoch.
Eine Gruppe Mnner spielt Basketball auf einem Platz mit Kettennetz.
Ein Mann in einem roten Skianzug fhrt auf Ski einen Berg hinunter.
Eine College-Basketballspieler steigt fr einen Sprungwurf in die Hhe, whrend der gegnerische Spieler versucht, den Wurf zu blocken.
Ein Motocross-Fahrer mit oranger Ausrstung rast auf der Strecke um eine Kurve.
Zwei mnnliche Eishockeyspieler gegnerischer Mannschaften haben sich mit ihren Hockeyschlgern auf dem Spielfeld aufgestellt.
Eine junge Frau beim Springreiten in der Nhe des Meeres.
Eine Person mit Gummihandschuhen wscht Geschirr in einem Metallbecken ab.
Eine Frau tritt mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen vor Publikum auf.
Personen schauen sich Ausstellungstcke in einem Museum an.
Ein Junge in einem roten Oberteil spielt mit Spielzeugbooten.
Eine Person mit einem blauen Rucksack wandert einen schneebedeckten Berg hinauf.
Drei Musiker spielen vor einem sitzenden Publikum.
Ein Mann mit sehr kurzer Krawatte, Hosentrgern und bunt gestreiften Socken steht auf einer Bhne und fhrt etwas mit einer Vorrichtung vor, bei der Gegenstnde auf Schnren vor- und zurckrollen.
Ein Mann mit Schneeschuhen rennt durch den Schnee.
Ein Hockeytorhter ist dabei, einen Puck zu fangen.
Auf einer Baustelle in einer Stadt sind keine Bauarbeiter zu sehen.
Ein blau gekleidetes und ein rot gekleidetes Kind versuchen in einem Spiel an den Ball zu gelangen.
Ein Highschool-Basketballspieler macht ein Sprungwurf und zwei Spieler verteidigen den Korb.
Zwei Damen sitzen auf einer Sitzmglichkeit aus Beton und genieen einen Snack.
Eine ttowierte Frau klickt mit einer auf einem Schreibtisch liegenden Computermaus.
Ein kleines herausgeputztes Mdchen posiert fr die Kamera.
Eine Frau in einem Park springt mit einem Schirm in der Hand in die Luft.
Ein langhaariger Mann macht ein Foto vom Strand.
Eine Person in weier Bekleidung kmpft mit einer anderen Person in blauer Bekleidung.
Ein Basketballspieler im orangen Trikot versucht den Wurf eines Spielers im weien Trikot zu blocken.
Ein Herr in einem weien Laborkittel schaut durch ein Mikroskop.
Mehrere Personen sitzen am Strand und schauen auf das Wasser, ein Mann steht an einem Stand mit dem Schriftzug Pipe Challenge.
Schwne versammeln sich um einen Mann und ein Boot.
Eine Frau mit Schutzbrille, Plastikhandschuhen und einem Laborkittel fllt Tropfen in ein Reagenzglas.
Ein Kind im Kindergarten benutzt zum Trinken einen Strohhalm.
Chinesisch-amerikanische Kinder in roten Kostmen treten mit einer kulturellen Darbietung bei einem Umzug auf.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen zusammen in einer Badewanne.
Ein Rudel wilder Hunde zieht energisch einen Schlitten durch eine verschneite Landschaft.
Ein Mann schneidet Teig in kleine quadratische Stcke.
Bei einem Hockeyspiel versucht der Torhter einen anderen Spieler vom Punkten abzuhalten.
Ein Mann mit Brille hlt einen fast leeren Teller.
Eine Softball-Spielerin im lila Trikot rutscht zur Base und eine zweite Frau im weien Trikot versucht einen Ball zu fangen.
Schler trainieren Yoga in einem Kurs.
Ein Mann in einem berladenen Motorboot rudert, whrend sein weiblicher Passagier einen Ausdruck der Enttuschung in ihrem Gesicht hat.
Eine spanisch aussehende Frau trgt eine schwere rote Tasche ber ihrer Schulter.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen trainiert in einem Hof, wobei sich ihre Hnde ber ihren Kpfen berhren.
Ein Gitarrist musiziert auf einer Bhne.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht seiner Mutter beim Geschirrsplen zu helfen und spielt mit den Seifenblasen.
Ein Saxofonist und ein Hornspieler spielen Musik auf einer schwach beleuchteten Bhne.
Zwei Frauen in roter Zigeunertracht tanzen in der Dunkelheit.
Eine blauer Rennwagen parkt auf der Strae.
Geiger spielen mit einer Band im stimmungsvollen gelben Licht.
Ein Visagist pudert eine Frau ab.
Zwei Personen laufen auf durch Bume getrennten Wegen.
Ein Rodeoreiter versucht sich auf einem wilden Pferd zu halten.
Bei einem Fuballspiel am Abend ist eine Mannschaft kurz davor, ein Tor zu schieen.
Einem jungen Mann in einem roten Oberteil werden die Haare geschnitten.
Zwei Personen bewegen sich vorsichtig mit einem Gelndefahrzeug vorwrts.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Jacken hren Musik mit einem Plattenspieler.
Mehrere Mnner spielen im Sitzen auf Bongos.
Ein kleiner Junge steht mit den Hnden vor dem Gesicht vor Schubladen.
Vier Mnner in Rollsthlen versuchen auf einem Basketballplatz an einen in der Luft fliegenden Basketball zu gelangen.
Zwei Feuerwehrmnner drehen das Wasser an den Schluchen an.
Ein Motorradfahrer macht einen Wheelie.
Zwei kleine Jungen in Schneeanzgen spielen im Schnee.
Ein Mann in einer blau-schwarz-gelben Weste speit bei einem Renaissance-Fest Feuer.
Zwei kleine Jungen unterhalten sich miteinander.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Oberteil spielt auf der Strae mit einem Spielzeug.
Eisschnelllufer fahren um eine Kurve.
Drei Personen wandern in schneebedeckten und mit Bumen bewachsenen Bergen.
Vier Mnner rennen auf einer Hallenlaufbahn.
Sportler mit verschiedenfarbigen Schuhen rennen auf einer Hallenlaufbahn.
Ein Mann auf einem Boot zieht eine Leine aus dem Wasser.
Ein Teenager in einem blauen Sweatshirt der Marke Hollister stellt ein Sky-Watcher-Teleskop ein.
Ein Mann surft in einer wunderschnen Umgebung mit Vgeln und guten Wellen.
Ein Gruppe Jungen spielt Basketball in einer Sporthalle und ein Fan schaut zu.
Drei Spieler nehmen an einer Teamsportart teil.
Ein Junge in einer schwarzen Jacke und mit einer blauen Kopfbedeckung umarmt einen braun-weien Hund auf einer schneebedeckten Veranda.
Bauarbeiter arbeiten auf einer Baustelle.
Zwei weibliche und zwei mnnliche Clowns laufen winkend die Strae entlang.
Ein Junge springt mit einem grnen Skateboard ber eine Betonmauer.
Ein Mann fhrt in einem Skateboardpark auf einem orangen Skateboard.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt in einem Raum neben ihrem Spielzeug Verkleiden.
Ein Tourist benutzt ein Fernglas, um eine bessere Sicht ber das ruhige Meer zu haben.
Spieler machen ihr alltgliches Training.
Ein Taucher ignoriert beim Erkunden des Ozeans einen Schwarm blau-gelber Fische.
Drei Taucher kommunizieren miteinander.
Ein auf dem Werferhgel stehender Mann in einem grnen Oberteil hat gerade einen Ball geworfen.
Personen sehen einem Mann dabei zu, wie er etwas unter einem Mikroskop untersucht.
Ein Mann in blauen Jeans und einem blauen Oberteil arbeitet an Sitzpltzen.
Vier Arbeiter in oranger Kleidung und mit blauen Helmen arbeiten auf einem Gerst.
Personen schauen zu, wie ein Mann in einem weien Karateanzug eine andere Person in einem blauen Karateanzug wirft.
Zwei Jungen befinden sich in einem Ringkampf.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Jugendlicher sitzt mit einem Skateboard auf seinem Scho auf einer Mauer.
Ein Streichquartett macht Straenmusik vor einer Zuschauermenge.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Lederjacke spielt Saxofon.
Ein Kind macht Kopfstand in einem Pool.
Ein kleines Mdchen putzt sich die Zhne vor einem Badspiegel.
Ein Mann hlt eine Gitarre und singt.
Ein Mann jongliert mit brennenden Gegenstnden, im Hintergrund ist ein Zaun und ein Auto zu sehen.
Ein kleiner Hund spielt mit einem greren Hund Tauziehen.
Vogelperspektive von einem Mann und einer Frau, die ein Essen mit Kartoffeln zubereiten.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil spielt Violine.
Ein Kind in einer grne Jacke rollt die Bowlingkugel in Richtung der Kegel auf seiner Bahn.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einem Marvel-Oberteil putzt sich die Zhne.
Ein lterer Mann fhrt Fahrrad und hat einen blauen Wschebehlter voll mit Kleidung auf dem Lenker.
Ein Skifahrerin in einem blauen Sweatshirt steht auf einem hohen Berg und lchelt.
Ein Mann mit einem groen Rucksack durchstreift eine Schneelandschaft.
Zwei Mnner bringen einen Kasten an einem Gelnder an.
Eine Gruppe von Roller-Derby-Frauen unterbricht den Wettkampf kurz vor ihrem Sieg.
Ein Mann in Skiausrstung macht Langlauf.
Junge Soldaten in Tarnhosen und mit Helmen beseitigen Abfall vor einem Gebude.
Ein Hockeyspieler im Trikot sitzt auf einem Spielfeld.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper und einer Wettkampfnummer auf dem Po posiert wie ein Bodybuilder.
Ein Junge springt auf einem Klapproller fnf Stufen hinunter.
Eine Frau mit einem weien Handtuch auf ihrem Kopf verkauft etwas auf einem Marktplatz im Freien.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner in roter Kleidung geht an einem Tourbus vorbei.
Ein Mann in einem Hemd und Jeans stellt etwas auf einer Projektorleinwand vor.
Zwei Mnner auf einem Boot reinigen das Wasser.
Ein Barkeeper in einem weien Oberteil schenkt ein Glas orangen Likr ein.
Ein Person in Zeitungsjungen-Kleidung schenkt Getrnke ein.
Ein Mann in einem gestreiften Oberteil, mit Weste, Krawatte und Hut schenkt sich Bowle auf einer groen Schssel ein.
Eine Person gibt ein paar Tropfen orange Lebensmittelfarbe in ein klares Getrnk.
Ein Barkeeper in einem schwarzen Hemd schenkt zwei Getrnke ein.
Ein Barkeeper schttelt ein Getrnk.
Ein schwarz und ein grau gekleideter Mann fhren ein wissenschaftliches Experiment durch.
Eine Frau posiert beim Getrnkemixen in einer Bar fr die Kamera.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau in Forscherkitteln posieren mit Flaschen fr ein Foto.
Ein lterer Mann und eine Frau sind bereit zum Manvrieren eines Gerts.
Eine an einer Art Konferenz teilnehmende Frau erstellt ein Projekt auf einem iPad.
Ein Mann in einem Holzfllerhemd verkauft Produkte an Kunden.
Ein Mann in einem rot-weien Trikot tackelt einen Mann in einem grnen Trikot.
Personen stehen an einem gelben Bus an.
Drei Personen auf Motorrdern fahren auf einer unbefestigten Strecke.
Zwei Surfer, einer ohne Oberteil, reiten auf einer Welle.
Ein Mdchen in einer schwarzen Winterjacke und mit braunen Stiefeln wirft Schnee ber einen Zaun an einem Kanal oder einer Wasserstrae.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung und Arbeitskleidung bereitet ein kstliches Gericht zu.
Ein Mann in einem Mantel spielt auf dem Gehweg in einer Stadt auf einer Blechklarinette.
Drei Freunde teilen sich einen Kaffee.
Drei Personen sitzen in einem Bus und ein Mann winkt in die Kamera.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in Badebekleidung steht drauen an einem verschneiten, waldigen Ort.
Zwei Hockeyspieler in schwarz-gold-weien Trikots, einer von ihnen nimmt den Puck mit seinem Schlger auf und skatet.
Vier weibliche Hockeyspielerinnen drngeln sich um einen losen Puck, der gegen die Bande springt.
Eine Person auf einem dreckigen Quad fhrt durch den Schlamm.
Ein lterer Mann mit freiem Oberkrper bereitet ein traditionelles indisches Streetfood-Gericht zu.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil grillt Hhnchenfleisch und macht ein Peace-Zeichen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau schauen ein Baby an.
Ein junger Mann liegt im Park unter einem groen Baum und hlt etwas in der Hand, das wie ein Bier aussieht.
Feuerwehrmnner stehen auf dem Dach eines Hauses, das von Bumen umgeben ist.
Zwei Mnner in Arbeitskleidung ziehen an einem groen Kabeldraht.
Ein Mann befindet sich beim Snowboarden mitten im Sprung.
Ein Snowboarder fhrt auf einem Gelnder einen schneebedeckten Hang hinunter.
Drei Mnner spielen Basketball: Ein Mann hat den Ball und die zwei anderen sind Verteidiger.
Zwei kleine Kinder in schwarzer gepolsterter Bekleidung treten beim Kampfsport gegeneinander an.
Vieh zieht eine Reihe altmodischer Wagen.
Ein kleiner afroamerikanischer Junge mit freiem Oberkrper hlt lchelnd eine Schssel mit Essen.
Ein Mountainbiker befindet sich bei einem Stunt mitten in der Luft.
Elf Mnner und Frauen sitzen um einen Tisch und essen, whrend sich eine Frau im Hintergrund nach vorn beugt.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Schal jongliert mit Orangen.
Ein Team in blauen Oberteilen und roten Shorts hat sich zusammengedrngt.
Einem bunt gekleideten Mann wird bei der Ausfhrung seiner bung geholfen.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem rot-weien Trikot schnappt sich den Ball, um ein Tor zu schieen, ein gegnerischer Spieler in einem blau-weien Trikot befindet sich mit Zuschauern im Hintergrund.
Mehrere Fuballspieler in der Defensive befinden sich bei einem Spiel auf dem Boden.
Ein Mann in blauen Hosen steht hinter einem Auto, das vor einer Steinzufahrt auf dem Rasen geparkt ist.
Ein Kind in einem Sweatshirt und Jeansrock ist in der Hocke.
Ein Fotograf fotografiert seinen Schatten, als er ein Bild von kleinen auf einer Wiese spielenden Kindern macht.
Personen in Park schauen sich ein Spiel an.
Ein Mann in seltsamer Kleidung jongliert.
Zwei Personen grillen Fleisch im Freien.
Eine Person auf einem Snowboard scheint aus dem Helikopter in der Nhe gesprungen zu sein.
Ein Mann macht einen Sprung mit seinem Snowboard.
Ein Mann spielt ein Instrument bei einem Konzert.
Einige Frauen tragen Steine auf ihren Kpfen.
Eine Person in einem braun-blauen Pullover hngt Wsche auf eine Leine vor dem Fenster des Hauses.
Eine Frau wirft gerade eine Bowlingkugel.
Eine Gruppe kleiner Kinder spielt lachend inmitten groer Seifenblasen.
Eine Frau spricht mit einem schwarz gekleideten Fotografen.
Ein brtiger Mann mit einer braunen Kopfbedeckung hilft einem kahlkpfigen Mann in Tennisschuhen in der Nhe eines Lagerfeuers.
Ein hellhutiger Mann in einem grn-wei karierten Oberteil hlt ein Mikrofon.
Mnner und Frauen mit Akten- und Umhngetaschen fahren schwach beleuchtete Rolltreppen hinauf und hinunter.
Vier Hallenradfahrer fahren um eine Kurve.
Vier Radfahrer, drei hintereinander und der vierte an der Seite, fahren die Strecke entlang.
Ein Basketballspieler des Teams setzt zum Wurf an.
Eine Gruppe Mnner spielt Basketball, wobei zwei Mnner desselben Teams einen Spieler der gegnerischen Mannschaft zu blocken, der in Ballbesitz ist.
Ein rot-weies Auto fhrt auf einer Rennstrecke um die Kurve.
Eine Person geht durch den Schnee, im Hintergrund ist ein Wald zu sehen.
Eine Frau in einer roten Jacke schreit in ein Mikrofon.
Zwei Spieler stehen sich beim Eishockey gegenber und der Schiedsrichter hat gerade den Puck auf das Eis geworfen.
Zwei Mnner in roten Oberteilen und blauen Hosen spielen Hockey.
Zwei schwarze Hunde balgen vor einem braunen Sofa.
Ich habe den Ball gegen den Kopf bekommen und es tut richtig weh.
Eine Frau trgt ein Tablett mit Getrnken.
Eine komplett verhllte Frau repariert eine Maschine.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Schutzhelm arbeitet ber Wasser.
Eine Frau sitzt an der Ecke und trgt einen blau karierten Schal.
Eine Frau liegt mit ihrer Katze auf dem Bett und streichelt sie.
Ein Mann holt beim Golfen vor einer groen Zuschauermenge zum Abschlag aus.
Ein Mann schaut sich eine Vorrichtung an, whrend ein Mann im Hintergrund dabei zuschaut.
Eine Frau zeigt einem Kind, wie man ein Stck Metall ltet.
Zwei kleine Kinder benutzen Mrser und Stel, um etwas zu zermahlen.
Eine Frau zeigt einem Kind, wie man eine Nhmaschine benutzt.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Oberteil malt auf Papier.
Ein in blau gekleideter junger Mann arbeitet mit Elektronik.
Ein Mann schleift in einer Studiokulisse vor einem Zuschauer ein Stck Metall.
Demonstranten halten Schilder in spanischer Sprache hoch.
Zwei Mnner, einer mit Irokesenschnitt und Sonnenbrille, kriechen durch den Schlamm und andere schauen ihnen dabei zu.
Ein Musiker in einem Anzug sitzt auf einem Verstrker und spielt ein groes Instrument.
Ein Junge in einem blauen Oberteil befindet sich bei seinem Skateboard-Stunt mitten in der Luft, whrend andere zuschauen.
Ein Radfahrer in mit Werbung bedruckter Rennkleidung bereitet sich auf ein Rennen vor.
Mehrere Mnner in grn-gelben Westen essen in einem Caf Mittag.
Zwei Basketballspieler in weien Trikots schirmen einen Spieler vor der anderen Mannschaft ab.
Eine Person mit Brille und schwarzer Kopfbedeckung beugt sich im Dunkeln ber Equipment.
Ein Snowboarder hebt bei einem Freestyle-Move ab.
Eine Person in einem blauen Gewand und mit Kapuze geht an besetzten Tischen in einem edlen Raum vorbei.
Ein Mann befindet sich auf einem Boot in ruhigem Gewsser, das von Bumen umgeben ist.
Ein kleines Mdchen macht auf dem Gehweg Seifenblasen.
Ein Mann vor einem Rodgers Butchers-Geschft schaut sich die Produkte an.
Ein Mann beugt sich in Richtung Feuer, um den Inhalt eines Topfs zu prfen.
Ein Soldat springt aus einem Flugzeug-
Zwei kleine Mdchen in Kleidern spielen mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen auf der Strae.
Personen sitzen auf Felsen und genieen das Licht der aufgehenden Sonne.
Mnner spielen in einem Swimmingpool mit einem Volleyball.
Eine Mann mit freiem Oberkrper spielt Keyboard und singt dabei in ein Mikrofon.
Eine lchelnde Frau und vier kleine Kinder posieren fr ein Foto.
Ein Mann und eine Frau posieren zusammen am Wasser.
Zwei kleine Mdchen kssen jeweils die linke und rechte Wange eines Mannes, im Hintergrund ist ein Leuchtturm auf einem Hgel zu sehen.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen in einem Pool lachen fr ein Foto.
Ein Snowboarder wirbelt Schnee unter einem Baum auf einem Berg auf.
Ein kleiner in blau gekleideter Junge hlt einen gelben Gegenstand vor einem Stuhl mit Blumenmuster.
Ein Rugbyteam luft dem abgeschlagenen Ball hinterher.
Mnner spielen Hockey auf Inlineskates.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Herrenfriseur mit einem Handtuch ber dem Arm steht hinter einem leeren Friseurstuhl.
Zwei Mnner mit Bart bereiten Tortillas in einer lockeren Atmosphre zu.
Ein breit grinsender Postbote steht mit seinem Postwagen auf dem Gehweg.
Ein Mann wird von zwei attraktiven Frauen geksst.
Zwei Jugendliche trainieren Fuball, whrend ihre Freunde neben dem Tor stehen und zuschauen.
Ein Frau in einem blauen Kleid schaut irritiert.
Ein Mann mit grauem Bart und einem gelben Grtel um seine Hfte nimmt eine Karateposition ein.
Ein kleiner Junge mit einer roten Kopfbedeckung hlt einen Ritz-Cracker in der Hand.
Eine Frau in einer weien Bluse lacht und eine andere Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil schaut zu.
Eine Frau lchelt bei ihrem mit einem Mikrofon gehaltenen Vortrag.
Ein kleiner hellhutiger Junge steht allein in einem Raum und jongliert mit nicht erkennbaren Gegenstnden.
Ein Mann in Uniform salutiert.
Ein Mann mit blauen, orangen und grnen Farbspritzern auf seinem Oberkrper hlt eine Kamera hoch.
Ein Mann schaufelt Erde auf einen Haufen.
Personen aller Gesellschaftsschichten eilen in Japan zum nchsten Zug.
Kleinkinder spielen in einem groen Raum mit Hula-Hoop-Reifen.
Ein Frau schaut in einem schwach beleuchteten Raum durch ein Mikroskop und passt die Sehschrfe an.
Ein Lufer nimmt an einem Lauf oder Rennen auf einer verlassenen Landstrae teil.
Eine Familie wartet neben einigen mobilen Toiletten in der Stadt.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten neben den Schienen.
Ein Mann in einem olivgrnen Oberteil meielt mit einem Hammer einen goldenen Gegenstand.
Eine vierkpfige Familie sitzt in einer Menschenmenge auf einer Decke.
Mehrere Personen mit Kerzen in der Hand oder um sich herum gestellt blicken in die Kamera und halten verschieden viele Finger hoch.
Ein Mann jongliert neben seinen zwei Freunden mit Tennisbllen.
Ein hellhutiger Mann in einem weien Raum voller Bilder versucht im Sitzen einen Rahmen zusammenzubauen.
Ein Verkufer mit einer roten Schrze verkauft Essen bei einem Fuballspiel.
Ein Basketballspieler in einem gelben Trikot versucht den Ball an einem Verteidiger in einem blauen Trikot vorbeizudribbeln.
Ein Mdchen sitzt lachend auf einem Sofa.
Ein Mann hilft einem kleinen Jungen beim Hochklettern einer Stange auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt auf die Kamera zu.
Ein junger Mann mit Schwimmbrille schlgt auf das Wasser im Pool.
Zwei junge Mnner in Trikots befinden sich in einem Basketballspiel.
Eine Frau kehrt den Eingang eines Hauses mit zwei riesigen Holztren.
Zwei Spieler stehen sich bei einem Basketball gegenber.
Eine Frau in einem roten Oberteil, schwarzen Shorts und mit Sonnenbrille nimmt an einem Straenrennen teil.
Ein Mann bekommt einen Haarschnitt.
Ein Mann mit Brille und rotem Bart erzhlt zwei lchelnden Mnnern eine Geschichte.
Ein brtiger Mann an einem Restauranttisch hlt eine Zange.
Ein brtiger Mann in Arbeitskleidung steht neben zwei Mnnern in schwarzen Jacken.
Ein Baby mit blauen Augen und einem schmutzigen Gesicht zeigt auf sein linkes Auge.
Ein lterer Mann auf Schlittschuhen hlt einen Hockeyschlger und schaut einen Puck an, der sich in der Luft befindet.
Ein junges Mdchen macht sie auf den Nachhauseweg.
Mehrere Personen befinden sich auf einem Golfplatz und eine Frau hlt eine Fahne an einem der Lcher.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Kopfbedeckung sammelt Ostereier.
Zwei Mnner tragen Motorradhelme, einer von ihnen hat ein Stck Papier in der Hand.
Ein blauer Aufzug bringt Dekorationen an einem Gebude hoch.
Ein Mann befindet sich mit seinem Surfboard in der Luft und hinter ihm bricht die Welle.
Zwei Personen mit Helmen fahren mit Rdern durch Wald.
Ein Mann mit einer weien Kopfbedeckung und einem Werkzeuggrtel arbeitet auf dem Dach.
Zwei Mnner mit Kopfbedeckungen spielen Ultimate Frisbee.
Ein wei und ein rot gekleideter Mann springen hoch, um die Frisbee zu fangen.
Ein Mann macht bei einem Ultimate Frisbee-Spiel einen Hechtsprung nach der Frisbee.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und Khakihosen macht eine groartige Feuerjongliershow.
Ein schlanker Junge in engen Hosen watet durch dreckiges Wasser.
Ein wei-graues Pferd springt mit seinem Reiter fest im Sattel ber ein gelbes Wettkampfhindernis.
Zwei Polizisten patrouillieren auf ihren Pferden.
Ein Fuballteam befindet sich auf dem Spielfeld; einige Spieler bringen die Netze an und ein Spieler leert Wasser aus einem Wasserkhler.
Spieler eines Fuballteams umarmen sich auf dem Spielfeld.
Fuballspieler befinden sich auf dem Spielfeld; ein Spieler setzt zum Schuss an und ein anderer versucht ihm den Ball abzunehmen.
Vier Fuballspieler jeweils zwei eines Teams schauen einem vom Spieler Messi mit der Nummer10 geschossenen Ball hinterher.
Der Dirigent war bei der Auffhrung sehr aufgeregt.
Drei Personen nehmen am Fechtsport teil, whrend zwei Personen im Hintergrund zuschauen.
Ein Wintersportteam fhrt hintereinander Ski.
Eine Person wscht sich die Hnde in einem weien Waschbecken.
Ein Roosevelt-Fuballspieler stt bei einem Kopfball mit dem Kopf eines Gegners zusammen.
Richter beobachten einen Radrennfahrer auf einer Rundbahn.
Ein Mann mit Cowboyhut, Anzug und einem weien Oberteil zeigt auf sein Notenblatt und schaut jemanden verwirrt an.
Ein Rallyeauto driftet um eine Kurve und lsst dabei Schlamm hochspritzen.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau in Winterbekleidung sprechen miteinander im Schnee.
Eine Gruppe von Erwachsenen in Kostmen geht die Strae entlang.
Ein gelb gekleidetes Kind schiet auf ein Tor und der Torhter versucht den Schuss abzuwehren.
Ein Herr spielt Fuball.
Ein Junge in einem gelben Kapuzenpulli und ein Mdchen in rosa Kleidung spielen am Strand.
Ein hellhutiger Mann unterrichtet ein Schulklasse in Asien.
Ein blondhaariges Kleinkind in rosa-weier Kleidung hat eine Zahnbrste in der Hand.
Mehrere dunkelhutige Kinder stehen fr ein Foto auf einem Feld zusammen.
Eine blondhaarige Frau in einem rosa Oberteil striegelt ein braunes Pferd vor Wagenrdern im Hintergrund.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Oberteil hlt eine rote Tasche in der Hand.
Eine Person schlgt mit nur einer Hand ein Ei in einer Silberschssel auf.
Ein Baseballspieler schlittert in die zweite Base, whrend ein gegnerischer Infield-Spieler springt.
Ein im vorderen Teil des Raumes stehender Mann zeigt nach oben, whrend einige sitzende Personen in seine Richtung schauen.
Bei einer Mnnergruppe an einem Strand kniet einer in der Mitte und die anderen werfen sich nach hinten.
Personen schauen zu, wie ein Hund weit in ein Schwimmbecken springt.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil mixt Getrnke.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Skateboard auf einer Bank neben einem gekrmmten Baum und vor einem weien Gebude.
Ein Mann und eine Frau fassen sich in einem Feld bei den Hnden.
Eine Gruppe Kinder steht an einem Kindertisch mit Sthlen, whrend ein Kind seinen Fu in einen kleinen Plastikeimer steckt.
Ein brauner Hund rennt ber das Feld.
Ein Basketballspieler im St. Johns-Trikot mit der Nummer10 macht einen Dunking.
Ein rot gekleideter Skifahrer wirbelt Schnee vor einem weien Hintergrund auf.
Eine Frau geniet das heie Sommerwetter in tropischer Umgebung bei einem tollen Erfrischungsgetrnk.
Ein Mann in einer dunklen Jacke arbeitet in einer Schreinerei.
Eine ltere Frau probiert in einer Boutique vor einem Spiegel einen schwarzen Hut auf und die Verkuferin steht rechts von ihr.
Ein mutiger Motorradfahrer dst eine Rennstrecke entlang.
Eine Frau zeichnet mit einem Permanentmarker an einem Tisch.
Ein junges Mdchen mit einer selbst gemalten Uhr in der Hand unterhlt sich mit zwei Frauen.
Ein kleines, asiatisch aussehendes Mdchen mit gelber Brille bearbeitet mit der Untersttzung eines Erwachsenen ein Stck Holz.
Baseballspieler und ein an der Home Plate stehender Schiedsrichter befinden sich im Spiel.
Ein Mann in einem lila gemusterten Oberteil und Jeans sitzt in einem braunen Lehnstuhl.
Zwei Motorradfahrer auf lila und grnen Motorrdern fahren ein Rennen auf einer Asphaltstrecke.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut einem Mann in weien Hosen und mit einer Axt zu.
Zwei Gokart-Fahrer fahren auf der Rennstrecke.
Ein Radfahrer springt auf einer Piste im Freien ber Gras und Steine, im Hintergrund ist ein Berg zu sehen.
Zwei Mnner spielen Fuball auf einem Feld.
Eine Hand hlt ein kleines Sieb, in dem sich eine rote Substanz befindet.
Eine Frau geniet einen Lutscher, hinter ihr steht eine weitere Person.
Ein Mann kostet etwas und hlt sich dabei die Nase zu, whrend eine Frau ber ihn lacht.
Eine Gruppe Kinder und ein mnnlicher Erwachsener liegen mit Bllen auf ihren Gesichtern auf dem Boden.
Eine Frau in einem Bikini und mit Sonnenbrille baggert einen Volleyball am Strand.
Blake Griffin von den Los Angles Clippers macht einen Dunking ber einen Spieler der Minnesota Grizzles.
Ein Mann in schwarzen Hosen, einem orange-braun gestreiften Oberteil und mit einem Bandana wirft lssig eine Bowlingkugel.
Eine Band singt vor Zuschauern.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern und Frauen trainiert mit unterschiedlichen Gewichthebegerten.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Auto hinter dem Steuer.
Ein kleiner Junge in Cowboykleidung reitet auf einem galoppierenden Pferd.
Ein mnnlicher Sportler in weien Shorts und Schuhen mit hoher Lasche befindet sich in der Luft.
Eine Spieler des Marquette University-Teams luft Richtung Basketballkorb und wird von einem Abwehrspieler des St. John-Teams beim Big East Tournament im Madison Square Garden angegriffen.
Ein Mann in einer Werkstatt zieht an einer Kette.
Ein bis auf seine Schnrsenkel und seine graue Kopfbedeckung komplett schwarz gekleideter kleiner Junge fhrt Skateboard.
Zwei junge, mnnliche Fuballspieler kmpfen auf einen nassen Spielfeld um den Ball.
Ein Bulle versucht einen auf seinem Rcken sitzenden Mann in bunten Hosen abzuwerfen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil fhrt einen alten Traktor.
Ein kleines Kind in einer roten Jacke reitet auf einem Besen wie auf einem Pferd.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in weier Kleidung ben Feuertanz.
Ein Musiker in einem einfachen grauen T-Shirt kniet vor seinem Schlagzeug auf einer Holzbhne.
Ein Mann in einer hellblauen Jeansjacke schaut auf ein Gemlde neben einem Fluss und einer Brcke.
Ein kleines blondhaariges Mdchen in einer Jacke hat einen roten Ballon in der Hand und streckt die Zunge heraus.
Ein Hund spielt auf der Wiese vor einem Gebude.
Zwei Frauen auf Inlineskates mit Helmen und Ellenbogen- sowie Knieschtzern schubsen sich beim Fahren.
Ein Profispieler in einem gelb-weien Trikot macht einen spektakulren Dunking.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem weien Trikot versenkt den Ball zum Erstaunen der Zuschauer rckwrts mit einem spektakulren Slam Dunk.
Ein asiatisch aussehendes Paar in blauer und roter formeller Kleidung stehen zusammen in einer Waldlandschaft.
Zwei Mnner in weier Bekleidung und mit Helmen machen Wildwasserrafting.
Ski- und Snowboardfahrer wrmen sich am Feuer auf und unterhalten sich.
Ein Boxenteam repariert ein Motocross-Bike und wird vom Teamchef beaufsichtigt.
Eine Frau sitzt am Wasser und wscht Kleidung.
Ein Junge macht einen Salto, whrend ein anderer Junge auf der Matte steht.
Ein Frau liest neben einem Springbrunnen.
Drei Frauen in der Nhe eines Tisches voller Bcher sind damit beschftigt, sich Notizen aus ihren Nachschlagewerken zu machen.
Drei Mdchen spielen im Freien Seilspringen.
Zwei Mnner sitzen in einem Caf und unterhalten sich, whrend eine nur verschwommen sichtbare Frau in einem lila Mantel vorbeigeht.
Zwei afroamerikanische Mnner trainieren auf einem Footballfeld.
Ein Mann sitzt im Halbschatten in einer Hngematte und liest etwas.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich miteinander auf einem Gehweg.
Ein junger Mann befindet sich beim Stabhochsprung mitten in der Luft und nur wenige Zentimeter von der Stange entfernt
Dieser Hund wei seine coole Kopfbedeckung nicht zu schtzen.
Ein Hund sitzt mit einer Schleife auf dem Kopf auf dem Sofa.
Eine Frau splt Geschirr in einer sehr verdreckten Kche.
Ein kurzhaarige Frau in einem Rock, Oberteil und mit Sonnenbrille jongliert mit drei Orangen.
Ein Mann streut Getreide auf den Boden.
Ein Spieler der Oakland A's rutscht Richtung zweite Base, whrend ein Spieler der Angels dem Ball entgegensieht.
Ein Basketballspieler wehrt den Wurf eines gegnerischen Spielers in der Luft direkt unter dem Korb ab.
Zwei gleichauf liegende Pferde springen mit ihren Reitern ber ein Hindernis des Parcours.
Es ist ein schner Tag auf der Pferderennbahn.
Zwei Jockeys dirigieren ihre Pferde bei einem Rennen ber ein Hindernis.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann teilen Brot.
Ein Mann hat einen leuchtend pinken Schirm auf einer Strae aufgespannt.
Eine Frau arbeitet als Schneiderin.
Ein frhliches, mit seinem Milchstrohhalm spielendes Kind lacht in die Kamera.
Ein Motorradrennfahrer strzt und zwei Konkurrenten kommen schnell von hinten angefahren.
Ein Snowboarder fhrt ein Treppengelnder hinunter.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem Skateboard.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem wei-grnen Trikot springt nach dem Ball, um ihn vor seinem Gegner im schwarzen Trikot zu verteidigen.
Ein Hockeyspieler erobert den Puck.
Eine Mnnergruppe spielt ein Spiel, bei dem einige von ihnen zum Erreichen des Balls hochspringen.
Ein Mann betrachtet einen gelben Bulldozer.
Ein Bulldozer schiebt Steine und Erde auf einen Haufen.
Ein gelber Bulldozer auf einem steinigen Gelnde.
Ein graubrtiger Mann schneidet Geflgel auf einem Schneidebrett.
Junge Mdchen stehen um einen Mann, der groe Seifenblasen macht.
Ein blau-graues Segelboot und vor ihm einige andere Boote befinden sich vor grauem Himmel im Wasser.
Zwei Fuballspieler setzen zum Kopfball an.
Ein Mann mit Sonnenbrille liegt im Schatten eines Baumes und liest ein Buch.
Ein auf einer Steinbank sitzender Mann guckt auf sein Telefon.
Eine Menschenmenge schaut dabei zu, wie ein groes Standbild eines Mannes bewegt wird.
Ein Mann auf einem Surfboard erwischt eine groe Welle.
Ein Bulle wirft einen Reiter ab, der ein rosa Oberteil und eine Cowboyhose trgt.
Ein kleines Baby in einer Babyschaukel hat ein gelbes Kleid an.
Ein Atlanta-Baseballspieler trgt einen Handschuh im Infield.
Ein frischgebackener Vater erkennt, dass sein Vaterdasein weitergeht.
Ein Mann auf einem Mountainbike rollt einen mittelhohen Berg hinunter.
Auf geht's in den Schlamm, ich habe meinen Helm und meine Jacke dabei.
Ein blondes Kleinkind streichelt im Freien einen kleinen Hund.
Ein junger Turner trainiert vor dem Wettkampf.
Ein junger Mann in blauen Jeans, einem blauen T-Shirt und mit Sonnenbrille fhrt mit seinem Skateboard auf dem mit Palmen gesumten Gehweg.
Eine Sngerin, ein Gitarrist und ein Schlagzeuger treten auf einer Bhne auf.
Ein Mann mit Ohrschtzern und Schiebrille nimmt mit dem Zielfernrohr ein Ziel ins Visier.
Ein Mann mit Schutzkleidung macht Schiebungen
Drei Shortboarder laufen am Strand auf einen Felsvorsprung mit schwarzen Felsbrocken zu.
Ein Mann steht inmitten von Kokosnssen und versucht eine zu ffnen.
Eine groe multikulturelle Menschenmenge steht, von roten, weien und schwarzen Ballons umgeben, zusammen.
Ein Mann in Tauchausrstung unterhlt sich mit anderen Mnnern.
Eine Gruppe Kinder spielt Football vor einem alten Schloss.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen fhrt auf einer Art Traktor ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann in einem kurzrmeligen Oberteil mit Aufdruck sitzt mit Kopfhrern vor einer Spielkonsole.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Pullover hlt ein groes Stck braunes Papier.
Eine hellhutige Frau mit einer rosa Schleife im blonden Haar packt einen Gegenstand in eine Plastiktte.
Ein Mann in voller Montur fhrt mit seinem Gelndemotorrad durch Schlamm.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Weste und mit einem blauen Hut reitet auf einem braunen, Staub aufwirbelnden Bullen.
Ein Skifahrer springt hoch ber eine Schneeverwehung.
Mitarbeiter treffen letzte Vorbereitungen fr die Gste in einem spanischen Restaurant in New York.
Eine Gruppe Mdchen tritt gegeneinander auf Inlineskates an.
Ein Mann in einem Surfoberteil und blau-weien Shorts lenkt sein gelbes Board mit dem bunten Segel ber den Scheitelpunkt einer Welle und macht dabei einen Salto.
Ein Baseballspieler der Spitzenliga hat gerade den Ball getroffen und ist dabei, loszurennen.
Ein Fuballspieler in einem grnen Trikot schiet einen blau-gelben Ball.
Ein kleiner Junge in schwarzer Kleidung und mit Helm schwingt eine blauen Schlger beim Tee-Ball.
Eine Frau macht ein Foto beim Weintrinken.
Ein Tennisspieler auf einem Tennisplatz spielt einen hohen Aufschlag zurck.
Ein Mann scheint etwas zu nhen.
Fuballspieler in ihren Trikots rennen mitten im Spiel auf das Feld.
Ein Junge, dessen Arm mit einer ACE-Bandage verbunden ist, liegt auf einem Bett.
Ein kleiner Junge verkauft gerade Ziegen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau in Jeans sitzen links und rechts von einer Gitarre.
Zwei Ringer kmpfen in einem Sportstudio.
Auf einem groen Eishockeyfeld findet ein Spiel statt.
Ein Mann fhrt ein Lasten tragendes Kamel an.
Eine Kunstklasse malt an einem Projekt und wird von einem lchelnden Lehrer betreut.
Ein Mann wirft in einem Basketballspiel den Ball.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher sitzt um eine Feuerstelle.
Drei Pfadfinder auf der Spitze eines Felsens schauen ber das Meer.
Ein Mann versucht seinen Gegner im blauen Unterhemd bei einem Ringkampf auf den Boden zu drcken.
Ein Mann in Spielkleidung und mit Helm lchelt.
Eine groe Gruppe Radfahrer geht bei einem Rennen in Startposition.
Ein mit einem Turban vermummter Mann trgt eine Waffe.
Jemand fhrt auf einem Schlitten einen schneebedeckten Hgel hinunter, im Hintergrund sind Bume und Berge zu sehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen hlt ein groes Schild mit der Aufschrift END WAR.
Drei Vierergruppen von Kindern im Highschool-Alter fhren an einem Tisch wissenschaftliche Experimente durch.
Schler untersuchen im Unterricht Fotos aus der Nhe.
Ein Junge reitet auf einem Spielzeugpferd, das in einer blaugrn gemauerten Ecke steht.
Mit einem Bohrer werden Lcher ins Holz gebohrt.
Eine Torhter spielt Hockey und ein Gegenstand befindet sich vor dem Netz.
Vier Personen sitzen an einen Kaffeetisch und gehen Papiere durch.
Ein schwarzer Hund rennt ber einen Rasen auf die Kamera zu.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann auf einem Surfboard ist vermutlich bereit, Wellen zu reiten.
Ein Mann bereitet in seiner Kche ein fantastisches Essen zu.
Ein Mann singt und spielt Gitarre im Scheinwerferlicht.
Drei Personen in einheitlicher Kleidung klettern neben einem kleinen Wasserfall einen Felsen hinauf.
Ein Mann spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein dunkelhaariger Mann surft auf einer groen Welle und befindet sich in der Luft.
Ein Mann in einem Gelndewagen geniet die nachmittgliche Fahrt durch die Wste.
Drei Personen stehen stolz neben einem Lkw auf der Strae, der mit Baumaterialien beladen ist.
Ein Mann schwimmt mit Schwimmbrille.
Ein rot gekleideter Fahrer fhrt in einem kleinen roten, knapp ber dem Boden liegenden Rennwagen.
Zwei Kinder und ein Erwachsener in Winterkleidung graben ein Loch in den Sand.
Ein asiatisch aussehende Frau in einem rosa Oberteil wscht ihre Kleidung im Fluss.
Ein Skifahrer fliegt hoch durch die Luft.
Eine Person in orangen Hosen fhrt auf Ski einen Hang hinunter.
Zwei Mdchen spielen auf einer Hpfburg.
Ein Tiefseetaucher in kompletter Ausrstung beobachtet eine Meeresschildkrte.
Ein Mann in einem altmodischen Anzug tanzt in einem Ballsaal mit einer Frau.
Eine Frau in einem leuchtend pinken Rock mit einem Korb auf dem Rcken geht einen mit Kopfsteinen gepflasterten Weg hoch.
Eine Person geht eine Strae in der Wste entlang.
Ein Mann mit blutender Nase hat soeben einen Karatekampf gewonnen.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem Friseurumhang bekommt einen Haarschnitt verpasst.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Kapuzenpulli versucht barfu und mit einem abgedeckten Fernseher einen Wasserlauf zu berqueren.
Ein Mdchen mit Leopard-Knieschonern fhrt in gebeugter Haltung auf der Inlineskatebahn.
Ein mnnlicher Cheerleader hebt eine Cheerleaderin bei einem Footballspiel in die Hhe.
Personen halten Schilder gegen Einwanderung hoch.
Ein kleines Kind in einem gestreiften Oberteil ist nicht in der Lage, durch das Teleskoprohr zu gucken.
Ein Herrenfriseur schneidet einem lteren Mann im Freien die Haare.
Zwei Mnner sitzen drauen, einer von ihnen spielt Akkordeon, der andere spielt ein Blasinstrument.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen hlt sich im Freien auf.
Drei kleine Jungen spielen am Strand im Sand.
Eine Gruppe indischer Jungen macht das Peace-Zeichen.
Ein Paar bewertet die Dessert in einem Raum voller Menschen.
Ein Frau sitzt, mit ihren Beinen auf einen Tisch gesttzt, auf einem Sofa und benutzt einen Laptop.
Ein Mann versucht eine Tpferware herzustellen, die er verkaufen kann.
Zwei indische Frauen fotografieren das lange grne Gras ihres Heimatlandes.
Einer Frau, die an der Seite des Basketballspielfelds sitzt, lsst sich von einem Mann den Rcken massieren.
Ein Mann und eine Frau betreiben im Freien Kampfsport.
Ein Mann macht mit seinem BMX-Rad oben auf der Halfpipe einen Trick.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten in der Stadt mit Hochhusern in ihrem Rcken auf einer Baustelle.
Fnf Jockeys reiten auf Pferden mit Bumen im Hintergrund.
Zwei Hockeyspieler heben ihre Arme hoch.
Ein Afroamerikaner rennt mit freiem Oberkrper am Wasser.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau rennen zusammen in einem Wettkampf.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann mit freiem Oberkrper, in Jogginghosen und mit Sonnenbrille luft auf einem Parkweg am Wasser.
Ein Arbeiter trinkt einen Schluck Wasser.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Uniformen, mit Hten und weien Stiefeln gehen eine Strae entlang.
Eine Marschkapelle spielt Instrumente auf der Strae.
Eine Frau in einem Restaurant bereitet Essen auf einem Grill zu.
Ein Reporter interviewt den Fahrer eines roten Rennwagens.
Ein Mann rennt mit einem weien Football durch den Sand und wird von einem anderen Mann verfolgt.
Fnf Mnner des Militrs stehen vor einem Standbild.
Ein Mann in einem blau-orangen Oberteil schiet eine Fuball zu seinem Mitspieler.
Ein mnnlicher Spieler hlt seinen Kopf tief am Boden, um den Ball zu schtzen.
Einem Mann werden auf einem stdtischen Marktplatz die Haare geschnitten, im Hintergrund befinden sich andere Mnner und ein kleines Mdchen.
Zwei Mnner fllen Kisten in einen ramponierten blauen Container, der auf einer gepflasterten Strae steht.
Ein Mann formt vor Zuschauern ein Tongef.
Ein Mann schiet auf einem Feld einen Ball.
Ein Mann zeigt drei Frauen in einem Kurs, wie man Tpferware herstellt.
Ein Mann hat eine neue Art der Essenszubereitung fr seine Familie erfunden.
Ein Volleyballspieler der Mnnermannschaft springt hoch, um den Ball in das gegnerische Spielfeld zu schmettern.
Eine Gruppe Frauen weicht bei einem Rennen einem Hindernis aus.
Ein Mann stellt einen Fu in einen mit Wasser gefllten Behlter.
Zuschauer sehen sechs Lufern bei ihren Wettkampfvorbereitungen zu.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil, mit roter Krawatte und roten Hosentrgern jongliert konzentriert drei rote Blle.
Zwei Mnner spielen Fuball auf dem Feld.
Ein junges Mdchen in Kleidung mit Leopardenprint steht in der Kche und hlt beim Zubereiten von Eierkuchen einen Pfannenwender in der Hand.
Ein Mann an einem wunderschnen Strand ffnet eine Kokusnuss mit einem Messer.
Ein Snowboarder verliert das Gleichgewicht und fllt kopfber in den Schnee.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Oberteilen geben sich lchelnd die Hand.
Eine Marathonluferin in einem rosa Oberteil wird mit Wasser bespritzt.
Mehrere Polizisten in Schutzausrstung umstellen einen Mann in einem weien Oberteil.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher tanzt voller Begeisterung mit ihren Partnern.
Mehrere Personen warten bei der Dorfveranstaltung drauen.
Zwei Sportler, von denen einer ein rosa-blau gestreiftes Trikot und der andere ein blau-wei gestreiftes Trikot trgt, spielen auf einem Feld Fuball.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Oberteil macht eine Inspektion an einem Schwinn-Fahrrad neben einem Picknicktisch.
Ein kleiner Junge versucht mit der letzten Kugel den letzten Kegel zu erwischen, whrend sich drei andere Personen im Hintergrund befinden.
Eine Frau in einem karierten Mantel isst Zuckerwatte.
Ein Redner in einem gestreiften Hemd hlt eine Geschftsprsentation per Projektor.
Ein hellhutiger Mann mit einem Schutzhelm hlt eine Bohrmaschine vor eine amerikanische Flagge.
Ein von einer Person gehaltenes Baby in blauen Jeans und mit Sonnenbrille schaut in die Kamera.
Ein brtiger, komplett schwarz gekleideter Mann steht auf der anderen Straenseite eines Bradford's.
Ein Rugbyspieler gibt den Ball ab, als er sich einem Verteidiger nhert.
Eine Gruppe Fischer schaut in ein Netz mit einer kleine Menge gefangener Fische.
Mehrere Mnner spielen Hockey vor einem auf einer unberdachten Tribne sitzenden Publikum.
Ein Arbeiter reinigt ein Dach oder eine Terrasse an einem kalten Wintermorgen.
Soldaten einer Marschparade stehen stramm.
Zwei Mnner auf Reisen unterhalten sich ber ihre Unterschiede.
Ein Mann in Wanderausrstung und mit Hund geniet den Ausblick auf die Berge.
Zwei Hockeyteams spielen Hockey.
Ein Mann in einem rosa Oberteil steht in einem dunklen Raum neben zwei jngeren Mnnern.
Ein kleines Symbol, das einen defekten Bildlink im Internet kennzeichnet
Ein Eik-Fuballspieler springt zum Schieen des Balls hoch in die Luft und wird von mehreren gegnerischen Spielern und einem Mannschaftskollegen verfolgt.
Eine Frau sieht zwei Kindern beim Spielen am Pool zu.
Vier Kajakfahrer in zwei bunten Kajaks surfen auf einer stehenden Welle in einem durch einen Park verlaufenden Fluss.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid und mit Sonnenbrille jongliert im Freien mit Zitronen.
Eine Frau auf einem kleinen Platz zeichnet mit einem Stift einen Hund.
Ein kleines Kind benutzt eine Werkzeugmaschine.
Ein lterer Mann spricht mit einem kleinen Jungen in einem blau-braunen Oberteil.
Ein kleiner Junge bereitet mit einem brtigen Mann ein Projekt vor.
Eine Gruppe von acht Personen spielt an einem Tisch eine Art Brettspiel.
Ein junges Mdchen erlernt die Funktionsweise von Stromkreisen.
Kinder in einem Klassenraum erlernen das Nhen mit einer Nhmaschine.
Eine Person knackt ein Schloss mit einem Stck Metall.
Ein junges Mdchen in farbenfroher Kleidung zeichnet sich mit Henna eine Blume auf die Hand.
Ein kleiner Junge mit Brille bearbeitet einen Metallgegenstand mit einem Hammer.
Ein Mdchen zeigt stolz eine Art Kunstwerk, das sie geschaffen hat.
Ein Jugendlicher nimmt ein Elektrogert auseinander oder baut es zusammen.
Eine kleiner Junge in einer blauen Jacke und mit Schutzbrille beobachtet, wie etwas durchgesgt wird.
Grundschulkinder beobachten ein Experiment in einer groen Glasvorrichtung.
Ein Mann fngt bei einem Sportspiel einen Ball.
Drei Personen rennen durch den Schlamm, im Hintergrund stehen weitere Personen.
Ein Mann in brauner Kleidung und mit Sandalen wischt einen Steinboden.
Eine ltere Person ffnet ein Glas und whlt einen Kse aus.
Zuschauer und Spieler sehen dabei zu, wie ein Basketballspieler im Spiel einen Slam Dunk macht.
Lauf vorsichtig und stoe nicht gegen den Wagen!
Zwei Schler in der Wissenschaftsstunde arbeiten an etwas.
Zwei Mdchen geben eine Chemikalie in eine Flasche.
Ein brnette Frau isst mit Stbchen Nudelsuppe aus einer orangen Schssel.
Eine Person auf einer Leiter bringt bei einem Kino Buchstaben an ein Schild an.
Eine Familie macht vor einem groen weien Gewchshaus ein Picknick.
Ein dunkelhutiger Koch bereiten ein Essen in einem Hotel zu.
Fans und Spieler feiern ihren Trainer und heben ihn auf ihre Schultern, nachdem sie ein Fuballspiel am Abend gewonnen haben.
Zwei aufreizende Frauen machen Ringkampf.
Ein hellhutiger Mann spielt in einer Rock-'n'-Roll-Band live Gitarre auf einer Bhne.
Ein junges Mdchen in rosa Kleidung mit Zebramuster hlt lchelnd ein Stofftier bei einer Geburtstagsparty fest.
Ein Kind in einem roten Mantel schaut durch das Objektiv eines metallisch blauen Teleskops.
Ein einsamer Clown bringt etwas Farbe in die triste Welt.
Ein Wasserskifahrer in rosa-schwarzen Hosen wird von einem Seil gezogen.
Zwei junge Mnner inspizieren einen Tank und Rohre an einem Dock oder Hafen.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem weien Trikot flscht einen Ball vor dem Tor ab.
Ein Fuballspiel zwischen einem Team in weien Trikots und einem Team in gelben Trikots
Vier Motocross-Fahrer fliegen bei einem Rennen ber die Gelnderampe.
Ein Mdchen in einer weien Jacke hlt lchelnd ein Mikrofon.
Fnf Eishockeyspieler eines Teams feiern auf dem Spielfeld.
Mnner spielen Eishockey und einer ist gerade hingefallen.
Ein Eishockeyspieler im weien Trikot versucht den Schuss eines Spielers im blauen Trikot abzuwehren.
Ein Junge hlt einen groen Stein, ein zweiter Junge ist verschwommen im Hintergrund zu sehen.
Ein Mdchen und eine Junge machen gegeneinander Sackhpfen.
Ein Amish-Mann spielt Golf und geht.
Eine Frau mit roter Schrze sieht einem Mann mit schwarzer Schrze beim Aufschlagen von Eiern zu.
Ein Koch fhrt jonglierend auf einem Einrad durch die Zuschauermenge.
Ein Mdchen schwimmt mit drei Jungen im Wasser.
Eine Langstreckenluferin nimmt an einem Rennen teil.
Fnf Mnner in orange reflektierender Arbeitskleidung arbeiten auf Bahnschienen.
Ein Mann mit Brille jongliert vor Kindern.
Ein Baseballspieler rutscht auf die Base zu, whrend ein anderer Mann sie in demselben Moment berhrt.
Eine Frau legt auf dem Boden vor einem Lehnstuhl Wsche zusammen.
Ein Surfer macht einen Sprung ber eine Welle.
Ein Surfer springt vor Zuschauern in die Luft.
Ein mnnlicher Radfahrer in grau-wei-roter Fahrradkleidung, mit Helm und Sonnenbrille setzt sich von der Gruppe ab.
Eine Zuschauermenge schaut zu, wie ein Pferd ber ein Hindernis springt.
Zwei junge Mnner stehen sich in mittelalterlicher Rstung und mit Waffen gegenber.
Eine Person hackt Zwiebeln in einem Zerkleinerer.
Eine Frau in einem Bikiniunterteil hlt ihre rechte Hand neben einem Ball hoch.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil jongliert mit Kegeln.
Eine junge Frau sitzt posierend auf einer Stuhlgruppe.
Eine junge Frau schneidet frhlich Gemse fr ihr Abendessen.
Sechs Personen in mittelalterlichen Kostmen gehen auf verschieden hohen Stelzen an einer Gruppe Schaulustiger vorbei.
Zwei Mnner in Militruniformen, von denen einer telefoniert, stehen an einem Gelnder.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad und zwei weitere Mnner auf einem Wagen fahren auf einer staubigen zweispurigen Strae.
Ein Mann spielt ein Videospiel ber den Fernseher.
Mehrere Radfahrer fahren auf einer Steinstrae mit Zuschauern.
Personen stellen sich in eine Schlange, um ihren Einkauf im Antiquittenladen zu machen.
Zwei hellhutige mnnliche Hipster machen eine Kissenschlacht auf einem ffentlichen Platz.
Ein Baseballspieler hat ein starkes Spiel gemacht, um zu einer Base zu gelangen, whrend der Verteidiger sein Gleichgewicht verloren hat.
Ein kleiner Junge weint neben einem Mnzkarussell.
Zwei Personen fahren ein Motorradrennen.
Ein Mann namens Peter baut etwas hinter einer Modelleisenbahn auf, whrend andere Personen im Hintergrund sich etwas auf einer Leinwand anschauen.
Eine Gruppe Motorradfahrer mit bunten Helmen fhrt ein Kopf-an-Kopf-Rennen.
Eine brnette Frau sitzt im Freien und malt ein Bild auf einer Staffelei.
Ein Mann hlt einen groen, Wasser spritzenden Schlauch und ein anderer Mann schaut zu.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau untersuchen das Vorderrad eines Fahrrads.
Fnf Personen fahren gegeneinander Gokart.
Zwei Personen in blauen und schwarzen Gokarts fahren nebeneinander.
Ein Koch vom Hodo Soy gibt Teig in eine Schssel.
Zwei Frauen, von denen eine einen Lffel und die andere eine Plastikflasche hlt, bereiten Essen auf einer Veranstaltung zu.
Eine Frau und ein Mann mit blauen Handschuhen geben etwas in einen blauen Becher.
Ein Mann mit einem kabellosen Mikrofon steht lchelnd in der Nhe eines Fernsehbildschirms.
Drei Mdchen inhalieren eine Art Dampf.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Trikot schiet einen gelben Fuball mit Nike-Logo.
Eine Broadway-Show beim Finale.
Ein Schmetterling ist auf dem Kopf eines kleinen blondhaarigen Jungen gelandet.
Eine ltere Person liegt in einem Krankenhausbett.
Eine Mnnergruppe spielt Fuball und die meisten von ihnen schauen einen schwarz gekleideten Mann an.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Oberteil nippt an einem bitter schmeckenden Getrnk.
Ein junger Asiate und eine junge Asiatin in Rockabilly-Kleidung stehen mit offenen Mndern vor Mikrofonen und der Mann spielt auf einer blauen Gitarre.
Ein schwarzer Hund steht auf einem Felsen, hinter ihm sind grne Felder zu sehen.
Ein kleines Kind mit Kopfbedeckung spielt auf Steinen am Wasser.
Ein Rugbyspieler in einem rot-weien Trikot befreit sich vom Tackling eines gegnerischen Spielers des blauen Teams.
Rugbyspieler spielen ein intensives Spiel, bei dem der Ball besitzende Spieler von einem Spieler des Gegnerteams getackelt wird.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Kajak durch Stromschnellen.
Eine ltere Frau hlt und streichelt behutsam ein Baby, um es zu beruhigen.
Ein Mann mit Zylinder hlt in einem Pub einen groen Becher in der Hand.
Zwei Frauen, von denen eine kleiner und brnett und die andere etwas grer und blond ist, schauen in eine Kamera.
Ein kleiner Junge befindet sich in einem Swimmingpool.
Eine Frau mit einer roten Schrze zeigt hinter sich auf eine Auswahl an verschiedenen Broten.
Ein Mann geht zum Fotografieren in die Hocke.
Ein Junge guckt beim Schaukeln in einem Vergngungspark zurck in die Kamera.
Eine Person in einem Raum zndet sich eine Zigarette an und hlt eine Katze.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann des Militrs in Tarnkleidung und hellblauen Handschuhen schlgt ein Ei in einer Edelstahlschssel auf.
Ein rot gekleidetes Mdchen springt aus einer Reifenschaukel.
Zwei Mnner fhren ein Musikstck auf, wobei der eine im karierten Oberteil in ein Mikrofon singt und der andere, komplett schwarz gekleidete Mann Akustikgitarre spielt.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit Locken sitzt am Strand und schaut auf das Wasser.
Ein blondhaariger Junge in blau gemusterten Shorts rennt durch das Wasser, als die Welle zurckgeht.
Ein Fotograf macht ein Foto von einem rot gekleideten Team.
Bei einem Basketballduell versucht ein junger Spieler einen Korbleger, whrend ein anderer ihn verteidigt.
Kinder jagen einer groen Seifenblase auf dem Gehweg hinterher.
Ein Fuballteam wartet auf dem Spielfeld auf den geeigneten Zeitpunkt fr ihren Spielzug.
Drei Fuballspieler kmpfen um den Ballbesitz.
Eine Person springt beim Kitesurfen ber eine Welle.
Zwei junge Fuballspieler kmpfen um den Ball.
Eine Gruppe von fnf jungen Mdchen versucht fr ein Foto im Moment des Abdrckens in die Luft zu springen; eines der Mdchen bleibt auf dem Boden und hlt einen kleinen Jungen im Arm.
Zwei Kinder in Kostmen rennen einen Gehweg entlang.
Zwei Personen bestreiten ein Rollstuhlrennen auf einer Strae in der Stadt.
Ein Mann in einem Kostm trinkt Wasser.
Ein Mann versucht ein Kalb mit einem Seil anzubinden.
Eine Frau in einem roten Oberteil und mit einer rosa Kopfbedeckung trgt einen blauen Behlter voller Gegenstnde auf dem Kopf.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Kopfbedeckung klettert eine steile Felswand hinauf.
Eine entschlossene Marathonluferin luft die letzte Strecke auf die Ziellinie zu und wird von Hockeyspielern des lokalen Teams begleitet.
Eine Luferin in einem Sporthemd und einer Sportunterhose wird von einer Zuschauermenge angefeuert.
Ein Paar macht sich mit ihrer Jacht zum Ablegen bereit.
Ein Schiedsrichter in einem Roller-Derby-Spiel schaut die Skaterinnen beim Vorbeifahren an.
Ein Mann wird von einem Bullen in die Luft geschleudert und niedergetrampelt.
Zwei Soldaten trainieren einen Hund, der sich bedrohlich in ein Trainingsgert verbeit.
Ein dunkles Bild von einem Mann, der Bongos spielt und trinkt
Die Spielerin an der ersten Base eines Softballspiels versucht die Luferin am Ende eines Pickoffs zu berhren.
Ein Mann macht Windsurfen auf dem Meer.
Vier Kinder spielen im Freien an einem Springbrunnen.
Eine Frau malt auf ihrer tragbaren Staffelei eine Landschaftsszene des Grand Canyons.
Ein Mann fotografiert barfu ein Paar, das am Wasser unter Palmen im Gras liegt.
Eine Gruppe lterer Brger schaut sich eine Auffhrung an.
Vier Mdchen spielen Fuball auf einem Feld und werden von ihrem Trainer beobachtet.
Ein ser Junge winkt im Freien mit einer amerikanischen Fahne.
Ein Teenager macht einen Kunstsprung an einer Straenecke.
Eine junge Frau in einem rosa Laufoberteil fhrt in der Stadt mit einem roten Fahrrad.
Eine Frau mit einer gelben Badekappe schwimmt in einem Pool.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper befindet sich im Freien vor einer verwitterten Steinmauer.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer Menschenmenge wirbelt mit zwei Hula-Hoop-Reifen auf einmal herum.
Ein junger hellhutiger Mann in Laufbekleidung joggt am Wasser entlang.
Ein einbeiniger Mann wirft einen Diskus.
Eingespielte Teams spielen eine bestimmte Art von Streethockey.
Ein Mann, der an der Spitze der Radfahrergruppe fhrt, reit die Arme triumphierend hoch.
Kleine Kinder vergngen sich an einem Sommertag im Wasser.
Ein mnnlicher Skateboarder fhrt fr die Kamera mit einem Trick die Treppen hinunter.
Ein Junge leckt die Glasur vom Lffel.
Die Mnner sind sehr einfallsreich und haben sogar in dieser nicht gerade einladenden Umgebung schlafen knnen.
Ein Fuballspieler schiet in der Luft den Fuball.
Eine Person seilt sich von einer hohen Klippe ab, whrend Sonne und Wolken am Himmel stehen.
Ein Mann macht bei einem Konzert Croudsurfing.
Ein Actionfoto vom Spielfeldrand von mehreren Profibasketballern in Aktion
Zwei Mnner spielen Gitarre, whrend ihnen eine Frau aus dem Hintergrund zuschaut.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil spricht vor einem Hintergrund voller Schilder in mehrere Mikrofone.
Zwei junge Frauen in farbenfroher Kleidung gehen durch ein Feuchtgebiet.
Eine Gruppe von Pferden liegt bei einem Rennen kurz nach Verlassen der Startboxen dicht zusammen.
Zwei Mnner schauen sich gegenseitig an und spielen Poolbillard.
Eine Gruppe von Pferden rennt mit ihren Jockeys auf dem Rcken ber das Gras.
Ein Surfer reitet in tief gebeugter Haltung die Welle.
Ein Mann macht einen Salto, whrend ein Publikum zuschaut.
Ein Footballspieler rennt mit dem Ball an seinem Gegner vorbei.
Fnf Mnner stehen lchelnd am Musikset und winken eine, nicht sichtbaren Publikum.
Ein Mann in einem weien T-Shirt arbeitet an einem Mac-Computer.
Ein groer lterer Mann umarmt mitten in der Stadt einen anderen, kleineren lteren Mann.
Ein DJ nimmt das Mikrofon und schart das Publikum um sich.
Eine Gruppe von Lufern springt ber eine Hrde und zwei von ihnen fallen in das Wasser darunter.
Ein brnetter Mann fhrt einen Stabhochsprung aus.
Ein Stabhochspringerin hlt mitten im Sprung noch den Stab fest.
Zwei Fuballspieler befinden sich auf dem Spielfeld vor einer groen Zuschauermenge.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Laufoberteil und dazu passenden Laufhosen luft an einem schnen Tag mit einer groen Stadt im Hintergrund am Wasser entlang.
Ein Motorradfahrer fhrt auf einer langen, von grnen Bumen gesumten Schotterpiste.
In einem actionreichen Spiel tackelt ein groer Footballspieler einen anderen Spieler des gegnerischen Teams und bringt ihn zu Boden.
Ein muskulser Mann mit freiem Oberkrper stt sich mit einem braunen Dolch gegen die Brust und verzieht das Gesicht.
Ein Fuballteam trgt wei-grne Trikots, zwei Spieler schauen lchelnd auf ein Telefon.
Ein Mann in einem ungewhnlichen Kostm spielt Dudelsack und einige Personen sehen ihm dabei zu.
Ein langhaariger Mann in einem blauen Oberteil jongliert mit sechs orangen Bllen.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil und mit Brille geht fr einen Billardschuss in Position.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht entlang eines schwarzen Zauns in einer Schlange.
Ein Mann schaut sich den Motor eines alten Feuerwehrfahrzeugs an.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann interviewt in einem weien Zelt einen Mann in einem schwarzen Anzug.
Ein Erwachsener und zwei Kinder spielen in Laubhaufen.
Eine Frau und ein Mann schneiden zusammengerollten Teig in kleine Stcke.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt am Strand im Sand.
Zwei Kinder spielen am Strand mit Sand.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen grbt Lcher in die Erde.
Zwei Kampfsportler kmpfen von einer Menschenmenge.
Drei Soldaten versuchen mit einem Feuerwehrschlauch ein Feuer zu lschen.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Oberteil und mit einem weien Helm reitet auf einem braunen Pferd.
Ein hbsch gekleidetes kleines Mdchen posiert mit ihrem Spazierstock im Wald.
Eine Frau hlt ein Getrnk in einer Hand und zeigt mit der anderen auf ein Gemlde.
Drei Mnner spielen Gold am Wasser.
Eine Frau und drei hinter ihr laufende Kinder gehen am Strand entlang.
Viele Personen in verschiedenfarbiger Sportkleidung und mit Helmen fahren Fahrrad.
Ein Mann sitzt mit seinem Computer an einem Computerarbeitsplatz neben einer Frau.
Ein Solomusiker mittleren Alters singt und spielt Gitarre.
Ein Mann steht auf den Schultern eines anderen Mannes und hlt mehrere brennende Stcke, im Hintergrund ist eine Huserfassade zu sehen.
Ein kleiner Junge macht sich fertig fr einen Angelausflug.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Badebekleidung spielt Volleyball an einem Strand mit Palmen.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Stuhl und wird rasiert.
Einige Personen befinden sich auf einem Boot und im Hintergrund ist ein weies Haus zu sehen.
Ein Radfahrer nimmt an einem Radrennen teil.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht vor einem Geschft, das Kinderfahrrder verkauft.
Ein Junge mit blauer Schwimmbrille schwimmt in einem Pool.
Eine Frau zieht beim Rckenschwimmen ihre Bahnen in einem lokalen Hallenschwimmbad.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau spielen Musik auf einer Bhne.
Zwei Frauen in rosa glnzenden Kleidern tanzen vor einem Gebsch.
Vier Erwachsene spielen in der Nhe eines Waldes Baseball.
Eine Tennisspielerin in einem rot-grnen Tenniskleid balanciert einen Ball auf dem Schlger.
Ein Mann versucht den Tennisball in einem Spiel zu bekommen.
Mehrere Mnner spielen Kricket auf einem Feld, whrend ein alter Mann und eine Frau im Hintergrund zuschauen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen auf einem Dock in einer Stadt gehen an Bord verschiedener Boote.
Ein Baby mit braunen Haarzpfen schliet die Augen.
Ein Schmied legt seine Werkzeuge in seiner bescheidenen Werkstatt zurecht.
Eine Gruppe Jungen schaut zu, wie ein schwarz gekleideter Junge mit blauen Socken einen Fuball im Sand in die Luft schiet.
Zwei Tnzer in rosa Oberteilen und gestreiften Caprihosen treten barfu auf einer Bhne auf.
Zwei weie Hunde spielen auf dem Rasen.
Eine Hmong-Mutter wscht die Sachen ihrer Kinder in einer idyllischen Landschaft.
Nahaufnahme eines Soldaten und einer Frau in einem blauen Kleid, die auf einem Militrball tanzen
Vier Kinder malen Bilder auf eine groe weie Leinwand.
Personen stehen und sitzen an runden Tischen in einem groen Raum.
Fnf kleine Mdchen posieren in einheitlichen Tanzoutfits.
Ein Gemlde mit Personen, die vor einem Gebude unter zwei Bumen stehen und in einem gelbes Licht schauen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Mantel und mit spitz abstehenden Haaren spielt Kazoo auf einer Bhne.
Ein junger Mann surft auf dem Scheitelpunkt einer Welle.
Eine Person macht in der Nhe einer Brcke Kitesurfing.
Ein Mann mit einer Kamera in der Hand beugt sich ber ein Gelnder, um die Hand eines Absolventen des Jahrgangs 2012 zu schtteln.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters und einen Frau in einem blauen Oberteil schauen sich das Abschlusszeugnis des Mannes an.
Eine Frau umarmt gratulierend einen frischen Absolventen neben einem Backsteingebude.
In einem Stadtgebiet gehen Personen ihren alltglichen Ttigkeiten, wie Laufen, Essen und in Gesellschaft sein, nach.
Ein Mann auf einem Golfplatz hat gerade den Ball geschlagen.
Eine Knstlergruppe klatscht auf der Bhne.
Personen sitzen im Hintergrund und sehen zwei Mdchen in roten Oberteilen beim Salto zu.
Eine Gruppe von Cheerleadern macht Kunststcke auf einem Weg.
Eine junge Frau in einem gepunkteten Oberteil und mit Brille steht vor Bumen.
Zwei Fuball spielende Kinder kmpfen um den Ball.
Ein abenteuerlustiger Skifahrer fhrt mit hoher Geschwindigkeit gekonnt einen steilen Schneehang hinunter.
Lufer joggen durch Wasser und ein Regenbogen erscheint.
Ein Mann steht mit freiem Oberkrper da, whrend zwei andere Mnner auf der Baustelle arbeiten.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann der Armee macht Liegesttze vor einem Vorgesetzten.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem rosa Wrfel in ihren braunen Haaren macht ein trauriges Gesicht.
Ein Mann versucht einen bunten Gegenstand zu reparieren.
Ein kleiner Junge luft in den Schuhen seiner Mutter den Gehweg entlang.
Zwei Personen spielen in einem Swimmingpool mit einem Volleyball.
Zwei Fuballspieler, von denen einer ein weies und der andere ein blaues Trikot trgt, schubsen sich gegenseitig beim Schieen von rosa und weien Bllen.
Ein Fuballspieler schiet einen Ball Richtung Seitenlinie.
Zwei Fuballspieler verfolgen einen Spieler des gegnerischen Teams, der versucht in Ballbesitz zu gelangen.
Ein Fuballteam in weien Uniformen feiert im Konfettiregen.
Ein nasser brauner Hund springt nach einem weien Basketball.
Ein Mdchen mit rotbraunen Haaren sitzt an einem Tisch und schaut ber ihre Schulter.
Ein Mann fhrt in einem Radrennen und andere Radfahrer sind direkt hinter ihm.
Mnner, Frauen und Kinder haben sich versammelt und heben Steine mit Schaufeln auf.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper greift in einen Eimer, um den Inhalt zu entnehmen.
Eine junge Mutter und ihr Baby gehen eine Strae entlang.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher unterhlt sich, eine Person hat ein Getrnk in der Hand und hrt zu.
Zwei hellhutige Frauen unterhalten sich beim Biertrinken.
Ein Mann mit einem gepunkteten Beutel macht mit einem anderen Mann Huckepack vor einem Subway-Sandwichshop.
Ein Mann und eine Frau tanzen frhlich.
Ein Mdchen sitzt lchelnd mit einem Psyduck-Stofftier auf einem Bett.
Kinder spielen in Springbrunnen.
Radrennfahrer fahren einen Berg hinunter.
Eine Band, bestehend aus mindestens einem Gitarristen und einer Sngerin, spielt Musik auf einer Bhne.
Ein Ball befindet sich zwischen einem Werfer und einem Fnger auf dem Baseballfeld.
Violinsolisten ziehen bei der Erffnungsveranstaltung im Theater alle Aufmerksamkeit auf sich.
Ein Mann rennt bei einem Marathonlauf ber eine Brcke.
Zwei Rettungsschwimmer, hinter denen ein amerikanische Flagge hngt, berwachen das Meer an einem wolkigen Tag.
Ein Mann sitzt mit einem Kind auf einer Treppe, whrend Passanten vorbeigehen.
Ein lchelndes Baby fttert seine Eltern mit einer bunten Leckerei.
Vier Radfahrer mit Helmen fahren in einer Stadt auf einer Strae mit Zuschauern.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem gelben Rad, im Hintergrund ist ein Feld zu sehen.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein Mdchen werden in einem wie die amerikanische Flagge dekorierten Kinderwagen gezogen.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit seinem Ball vor einem Gebude.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben Tanktop spielt drauen mit anderen Kindern im Hintergrund.
Ein Knstler zeichnet eine Karikatur nach einer Fotovorlage, neben ihm sind mehrere Zeichnungen von berhmten Persnlichkeiten.
Eine Gruppe Mnner in Sportbekleidung mit ihrer Startnummer nimmt an einem Straenrennen teil.
Marathonlufer rennen auf die Ziellinie zu.
Vier rot gekleidete Ruderer in einem gelben Boot ziehen auf einem kleinen Fluss an anderen Booten vorbei.
Eine Zuschauermenge verfolgt einen Ringkampf.
Zwei Mnner ohne Hosen und Oberteil, von denen einer ttowiert ist und eine Art Kopfbedeckung trgt, werden von vielen Personen angeschaut.
Zwei Mnner in Einerkajaks fahren durch Stromschnellen.
Ein Junge hngt kopfber von einer Leiter neben einem anderen Jungen, der ein verknotetes Seil hochklettert.
Zwei Mnner in schwarzen Hosen boxen mit freiem Oberkrper.
Ein blondes Mdchen und ein blonder Junge halten lchelnd Stcke.
Zwei Freunde machen ein Wettrennen.
Ein Mann schiet an einem sonnigen Tag im Freien mit einer Waffe.
Eine brnette Frau in einem marineblauen Pullover rennt.
Eine Frau hlt bei einem Wettrennen eine Wasserflasche in der Hand.
Drei hellhutige Mnner geben ein Konzert auf einer Bhne.
Ein Schweier in einem Schweianzug schweit Altmetall zusammen.
Ein kleiner Junge hat riesigen Spa beim Tee-Ball.
Zwei Frauen treten bei einem Marathon gegeneinander an und ein kleiner Junge ist ihnen dicht auf den Fersen.
Mnner und Frauen treten mit farbigen Stangen in der Hand auf einer Bhne auf.
Ein Mdchen in einem roten Tanktop telefoniert mit einem Handy.
Ein sehr glcklich aussehender Mann liegt in einem Feld.
Ein Mann hlt ein kleines, auf einem Ast sitzendes Kind.
Fnf Musiker posieren fr ein Foto mit ihren Instrumenten vor einem von hinten beleuchteten Bogen.
Drei Musikerinnen und zwei Musiker mit ihren Instrumenten hinter dem Rcken gucken ber eine Mauer.
Fnf schwarz gekleidete Personen halten Musikinstrumente und blicken nach oben.
Eine Frau in einem karierten Kleid fhrt barfu einen Ritualtanz ber Bambusstangen auf.
Die Ansicht eines Hinterkopfs einer Person, die sich den Kopf kratzt.
Ein Mann in orange-schwarzer Kleidung luft bei einem Straenmarathon an Zuschauern vorbei.
Eine Gruppe Lufer tritt bei einer Sommerveranstaltung an.
Die Hand eines aus dem Wasser steigenden Schwimmers wird gegriffen.
Mehrere Mnner in Neoprenanzgen und mit Schwimmbrillen stehen hinter einem Band.
Eine groe Gruppe von Schwimmern in Neoprenanzgen und mit Badekappen taucht eifrig in das Wasser.
Eine junge Frau spielt vergngt in einem Pool.
Ein kleines Mdchen auf einem Baseballfeld schlgt nach einem Baseball auf einem Tee.
Eine junge Frau springt auf einem Skateboard in die Luft.
Ein Kind mit Dreadlocks macht auf einem ffentlichen Gehweg Breakdance.
Mllmnner machen eine Mittagspause.
Ein Mann schlgt mit einem Vorschlaghammer einen Ring auf ein Fass.
Eine Frau in einer roten Jacke macht auf der Strae Hula-Hoop.
Eine braunes Pferd mit weier Mhne macht mit dem Reiter auf seinem Rcken einen Trick in einem Feld.
Drei Personen aus einem stlichen Land tanzen auf einer Tanzflche.
Drei Mnner in Militrkleidung graben im Wstensand.
Ein uniformierter Polizist spricht im Sitzen in ein Kommunikationsgert.
Ein Mann in Tarnkleidung steht hinter dem Lenkrad eines Fahrzeugs, das er bedient.
Eine Person in einer Windjacke, mit Sandalen und Brille fliegt in der Luft.
Ein Gitarrist spielt zusammen mit seinem Bassist auf einem Konzert.
Drei Jugendliche splen in der Kche Geschirr.
Eine Frau in schwarzen Shorts und einem lila Oberteil schiebt beim Joggen einen grauen Sportkinderwagen mit einem Kleinkind vor sich her.
Eine schwarz gekleidete Frau mit einem blauen Kopftuch trgt zwei Tabletts mit Gebck aus einem Gebude.
Drei junge dunkelhutige Mnner sitzen auf gestapeltem Obst und lachen in die Kamera.
Der Outfielder springt hoch, um den Popup-Ball im Mittelfeld zu fangen.
Ein Fuballspieler fhrt den Schuss aus, whrend ein zweiter Spieler dabei zuschaut.
Kleine Jungen sehen einer Person beim Breakdance zu.
Personen sehen einem Jungen zu, der mit dem Po auf einen Fliesenboden zu fallen scheint.
Ein Mann mit Brille steht hinter Eiern, Mehl, Orangen und Butter und bedient eine Kchenmaschine.
Ein Feuerwehrmann nhert sich ber eine Feuerwehrleiter einem Feuer.
Zwei Mnner in blauen Trikots trainieren Fuball.
Kinder mit Kopfbedeckungen stehen neben einem Zaun im Sand und schneiden lachend Grimassen.
Ein Mann in einem roten Trikot lsst einen Fuball an seinem Kopf abprallen.
Zwei Fuballspieler rennen und schieen einen Ball in einem Spiel.
Ein Frau im Wasser ist bereit zum Wakeboarden.
Zwei Frauen spielen Badminton, im Hintergrund sind Bume zu sehen.
Ein Mdchen in einer orangen Weste reitet auf einem braunen Pferd.
Ein junger Mann in einem weien T-Shirt und mit einer schwarzen Kopfbedeckung befindet sich mit seinem Skateboard in der Luft.
Ein Rennwagen driftet auf der unbefestigten Strae.
Ein Stockcar fhrt auf einem Gelndeparcours und wirbelt eine Dreckwolke auf.
Ein Fahrer fhrt sehr schnell mit einem kleinen Auto.
Ein Junge mit einem schwarzen Helm macht einen Sprung mit seinem Fahrrad, im Hintergrund ist eine Kleinstadt zu sehen.
Eine Frau mit Brille und einem Lippenpiercing sitzt und schaut auf ihr pinkes iPhone.
Ein Mann zupft die Seiten eines Kontrabasses.
Eine Mutter treibt in einem schn aussehenden Garten Sport.
Eine Person trgt ein schmales Kajak oder Boot zum Wasser, whrend zwei andere Personen dabei zuschauen.
Ein Mdchen sitzt auf einer Picknickdecke und schreibt etwas in ihr Tagebuch.
Drei Straenarbeiter mit Schutzhelmen gieen Zement von einem Lkw und verlegen Gehwegplatten.
Ein Baseballspieler ist dabei, einen auf ihn zukommenden Baseball zu fangen.
Ein Mann zeigt seine akrobatischen Fhigkeiten auf einem Board, das von einem Boot auf einem See gezogen wird.
Ein Snger in einem weien Mantel singt in das Mikrofon.
Ein Schild mit dem rot geschriebenen Wort insurance ist an einer Stange befestigt.
Ein lterer dunkelhutiger Mann benutzt eine Nhmaschine bei einem Oberteil.
Eine Frau in einem Mantel zieht die von ihr ausgewhlte Kiefer durch den Schnee.
Ein auf dem Werferhgel stehender Werfer mit brauner Kappe und braunem Trikot gibt den Baseball frei.
Zwei Jungen ruhen sich auf einem Baumstamm aus, der den Uferbereich eines Gewssers entlang treibt.
Ein Baseballspieler der University of South Carolina schlgt einen Ball mit einem Schlger.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Kleidung fhrt mit einem Gelndefahrzeug die Strae hinunter.
Eine Person in einem schwarzweiem Anzug fhrt beim Wakeboarding in die Wellen.
Zwei junge Mdchen in weier Tenniskleidung schtteln sich die Hand.
Ein Bruder hlt seinen jngeren Bruder nach drauen in die kalte Luft.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem blau-grauen Pullover hlt einen Holzpfahl.
Einige Mnner lernen Kampfsport.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern sieht zwei Mnnern beim Spiel auf einem Rasenplatz in einem Wohnviertel zu.
Eine Gruppe von Erwachsenen und Kindern mit einer weien Elefantenstatue bei einem Festival
Vier Mnner in bunter Laufbekleidung und Laufschuhen sprinten eine Strae entlang, whrend Zuschauer zusehen.
Ein wei gekleideter Mann ordnet einen gelben Ordner.
Eine Junge in einem schwarz-grnen T-Shirt spielt drauen im Sand.
Ein Mann mit Brille hlt ein sehr kleines Baby.
Ein Tubaspieler in einem feinen Anzug spielt zusammen mit seinen Bandkollegen, einem Banjospieler und einem Trompeter.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzem Oberteil grillt Kebabspiee.
Eine Frau splt vor einem Fenster mit heruntergelassenen Jalousien Geschirr.
Ein Mann mit roten rmeln hat beim ben einen Herrn mit blauen rmeln niedergeworfen.
Ein Bauarbeiter steht auf einem Kran, der einen langen Arm auf einer im Bau befindlichen Statue platziert.
Ein Footballteam luft los, als der Kicker den Football mit dem Fu berhrt.
Zwei Mnner kmpfen bei einem Fuballspiel um den Ball.
Ein Fuballtorhter springt hoch, um zu verhindern, dass der Ball ins Netz geht.
Ein Mann in einem Fuballtrikot schiet den Ball, whrend ein anderer Mann im Hintergrund zusieht.
Eine Person auf einem Gelndemotorrad fliegt auf einem Feld durch die Luft.
Eine Frau in einem glitzernden Kleid spielt Gitarre und singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern luft auf einem Weg.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil reitet auf einem Pferd, offenbar bei einem Rodeo.
Zwei lustlose Kinder sitzen in einem geparkten Feuerwehrauto.
Ein Straenarbeiter (der eine orange Weste trgt) sitzt drauen auf dem Boden und arbeitet auf einem Laptop.
Eine Frau mit Sonnenbrille reitet auf einem braunen Pferd.
Ein Motorradfahrer fliegt ber einer unbefestigten Strecke durch die Luft.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil und karierten Shorts setzt sich.
Der Torhter dreht sich nach dem Puck im Netz um, whrend sich die Mannschaft von der Bank erhebt.
Zwei Hockeyspieler laufen auf dem Eis.
Eine von Rodeozuschauern umgebene Person in Cowboykleidung wird von einem Bullen abgeworfen.
Ein Mann auf einem Pferd, der einen weien Hut trgt, versucht, ein kleines Tier mit dem Lasso einzufangen.
Ein nacktes Baby und ein Kleinkind beschmieren sich gegenseitig mit Farbe.
3 Mnner, 2 schaufeln Erde, der dritte verlegt Betonplatten.
Ein Mann surft auf einer Welle, whrend einige Menschen hinter ihm schwimmen.
Ein Surfer reitet auf einer Welle im blauen Wasser.
Ein Surfer in einem schwarzen Neoprenanzug reitet auf einer groen Welle in herrlich blauem Wasser.
Zwei Frauen sitzen und spielen in einem Casino.
Zwei Kinder sitzen mit nacktem Oberkrper auf einem Trampolin.
Eine asiatisch aussehende Frau hlt ein kleines Mdchen.
Ein Mann in einem gestreiften Oberteil springt von einer Schaukel.
Ein Mann bereitet einen Cheeseburger fr einen Kunden zu.
Ein Mann innerhalb eines roten Rings tritt einem anderen Mann an den Kopf, whrend ein weiterer Mann zusieht.
Ein Mdchen steht vor einem Bekleidungsgeschft.
Zwei Planierraupen werden auf einem Lkw vor Bumen im Hintergrund transportiert.
Eine Frau versucht, beim Bowling mit einer roten Kugel einen Spare zu erzielen.
Eine Tnzerin posiert in einem vornehmen Fotostudio auf Zehenspitzen.
Ein Mann befestigt auf einem baumgesumten Parkplatz Fahrrder auf der Rckseite seines Autos.
Ein braun-weier Hund luft mit heraushngender Zunge.
Zwei Personen fhren bei bewlktem Himmel ihre Hunde am Strand aus.
Ein Schuhputzer sitzt vor einen leeren Sitz auf seinem Stuhl.
Zwei Mnner kmpfen mit einer Schaufel und dem Oberteil eines Grills.
Eine Person in hellblauer Kleidung braust mit einem Gelndemotorrad ber eine Rennstrecke in den Wldern.
Eine Gruppe von Schulkindern sieht einer Gruppe von Mnnern zu, die weie Oberteile tragen.
Zwei Mnner schtteln sich drauen vor Fahnen die Hnde.
Ein Mutter tauscht in der Kche mit ihrem Sohn die Rollen.
Zwei Touristinnen (eine lter, die andere deutlich jnger), posieren mit einer Astronautenfigur fr ein Bild.
Ein Mann dirigiert ein Orchester, whrend smtlicher Musiker seiner Fhrung folgen.
Menschen stehen um ein Fernrohr herum, um Objekte in groer Entfernung zu betrachten.
Eine Sngerin mit Brille, die Keyboard spielt, singt in einem Club.
Zwei alte Mnner sitzen in einem Whirlpool.
Zwei Mdchen laufen drauen auf einem Feld auf einen Baumstamm entlang.
Ein Mann mit einem groen Netz steht bis zur Brust im Wasser.
Pferde und Jockeys laufen bei einem Turf-Rennen.
Ein Jockey mit einem blauen Helm, rotem Oberteil und weier Hose reitet auf einem Rennpferd vor Sparkassenschildern im Hintergrund.
Zwei Mnner ringen inmitten aufragender Gebude.
Ein Gitarrist, ein Trompeter und zwei Saxofonisten betreten die Bhne.
Zwei Mnner im Meer surfen auf Brettern und versuchen, einige Wellen zu erwischen.
Drei Personen fahren Kajak, und zwei sind ineinander gefahren.
Zwei Frauen in traditioneller Stammeskleidung stehen drauen.
Ein schwarz gekleideter Mann fhrt kunstvoll auf einem Motorrad ein Stck Gehweg entlang.
Zwei Rennfahrer befinden sich in einem kleinen Rennwagen mit Zuschauern im Hintergrund.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem blauen Hemd und weien T-Shirt arbeitet an einem Fischernetz.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem orangen Oberteil mit Kragen schwingt einen Baseballschlger.
Ein Wanderer klettert ber Felsen in einer lndlichen Gegend, um nher an einen Wasserfall zu gelangen.
Cowboys versuchen, Pferde in einer Arena zu treiben, whrend Zuschauer von der Tribne aus zusehen.
Rder im Vordergrund und einige Mnner in Jacken, die in der Entfernung verschwimmen
Zwei asiatisch aussehende Frauen tanzen und tragen farbenfrohe Kleidung.
Ein kleines Kind mit Helm fhrt auf einem BMX-Rad eine unbefestigte Strecke entlang.
Zwei Mnner untersuchen den Arm des kleineren Jungen auf Verletzungen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht zusammen, und in der Mitte bringt eine Frau ihre Hand zum Gesicht eines Mannes.
Mnner und Frauen tanzen in formeller Kleidung zusammen.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern mit gelben Kopfbedeckungen blickt ber einen Zaun.
Eine Frau und ein Junge stehen unter einem Regenschirm.
Ein Motorradrennfahrer nimmt eine Kurve auf einem Stadtkurs.
Drei Personen schaufeln Sand.
Ein Mann in einem gelb-schwarzen Neoprenanzug surft auf einer kleinen Welle.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann hebt seine Arme nach oben.
Drei Mnner mit Ohrschtzern halten ein Gewehr und ben auf einem Schieplatz Schieen.
Ein Mann mit blondem Haar und Brille spielt auf einer Art Horn.
Ein lterer Herr trgt eine Tiki-Fackel eine Strae mit Zuschauern entlang, von denen einige Fotos machen.
Ein Mann demonstriert die Verwendung einer Farbsprhdose.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann spielt Gitarre, whrend eine in der Nhe stehende Frau in einem dunkelgrnen Mantel wegschaut.
Ein Rodeoreiter wird von einem Bullen abgeworfen.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt in Felsen und Sand am Wasser.
Ein Gruppe von Ureinwohnern hat sich in einem Folkloregeschft versammelt.
Ein Baseballspieler in einem weien Trikot holt zum Wurf des Balls aus.
Ein Baseballspieler holt zum Schlag des Balls aus, whrend ein Schiedsrichter hinter ihm hockt.
Zwei Kinder haben am Strand ein groes Loch gegraben und fllen es mit Wasser.
Ein Junge am Strand schaufelt Sand.
Ein Mdchen kniet mit einem rosa Minny-Mouse-Eimer neben sich im Sand und wirft mit einer Schaufel eine Portion Sand nach oben.
Ein Mann in roter Bekleidung fhrt macht Stunts auf seinem Motorrad.
12Fuballspieler in schwarzen Trikots stehen in einer Reihe auf einer Grasflche. Ihr Atem ist in der kalten Luft sichtbar.
Drei junge Mnner arbeiten in einem dunklen Raum.
Ein Mann in blauer Motocross-Kleidung und mit einem roten Helm fhrt ein Gelndemotorrad auf einem Weg.
Ein lterer Mann hlt einen Hammer, whrend er etwas ansieht, das der Betrachter nicht sehen kann.
Ein Gitarrist, ein Schlagzeuger und ein weiteres Bandmitglied spielen auf der Bhne mit roten Lichtern im Hintergrund.
Kinder genieen eine Fahrt auf einem Karneval.
Drei Mnner in einer Rockband in modischer Kleidung und mit langen Haaren  spielen auf der Bhne.
Die Rudermannschaft der Mnner im grnen Boot bt fr die bevorstehen Saison.
Zwei Personen fahren ein Radrennen und umrunden eine Ecke.
Zwei Mnner auf Motorrdern nehmen eine Kurve auf einer Rennstrecke.
Eine blasse blondhaarige Frau mit kristallklaren blauen Augen posiert dster mit zwei roten Beeren in ihren Nasenlchern.
Ein Mann surft mit seinem Hund im Meer auf einem Brett.
Sieben Mnner mit Bauhelmen arbeiten an der Bahnschiene.
Zwei Personen rudern mit einem Boot an einem Vogelschwarm vorbei.
Ein Gruppe von Bootsfahrern fhrt einen gewundenen Wasserlauf entlang.
Ein Mann fhrt Wasserski.
Ein Mann mit schwarzen Haaren schlft auf einer Bank in einer Strae.
Ein Mann mit einer Karre betrachtet ein gelbes Graffiti.
Kche bereiten im Freien Essen zu, wobei neben den Zutaten auch Brot und Kchengerte zu sehen sind.
Drei Zuschauer betrachten einen vorbeilaufenden Lufer, wobei einer dem Lufer ein Getrnk reicht.
Zwei Mnner, einer im roten Trikot, der einen Ball hlt, und der andere im blauen Trikot, laufen auf einer Grasflche.
Mnner in Militrkleidung ben ihre Runden.
Ein Schaufellader bewegt in einem Wald Erde, whrend zwei Mnner zusehen und Anweisungen geben.
Ein Mann luft auf einer Baustelle ber die Erde.
Zwei Mnner arbeiten hart beim Schneerumen.
Eine Frau schreibt an eine Tafel.
Zwei ltere Frauen mit altertmlicher Kleidung spinnen auf Spinnrdern.
Eine Frau in einem weien Kleid hlt Blumen und steht vor vier Khen.
Ein Junge mit einer roten Kopfbedeckung steht mitten auf der Strae.
Zwei Mnner stehen an Deck eines groen Schiffes.
Zwei Mnner mit Schutzhelmen und blau-gelben Jacken stehen vor einer groen Maschine und lachen.
Zwei Mnner stehen in der offenen Tr eines Hangars, ein dritter Mann befindet sich drinnen.
Ein rot gekleidetes asiatisches Kind weint, whrend eine asiatische Frau versucht, es zu trsten.
Zwei Mannschaften spielen in einem groen Stadion voller Zuschauer Fuball.
Eine junge Frau macht zusammen mit dem Rest ihres Kurses Yoga.
Ein Mann in Tarnkleidung hlt ein Gewehr und zielt auf sein Ziel.
Zwei Mnner in Wei ben auf einem Platz Fechten.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt einen Trick von einer hohen Position aus.
Ein Barkeeper in einem schwarzen Oberteil bereitet ein rosa Getrnk in einem Martiniglas zu.
Drei Personen auf Fahrrdern befinden sich an der Startlinie eines Rennens.
Ein kleiner Junge und ein kleines Mdchen tragen auf einer Hochzeit feierliche Kleidung und laufen einen Gang entlang.
Ein Fahrradmechaniker erklrt einem staatlich geprften Krankenpfleger die Physik eines Fahrrads.
Eine indianische Frau in einem blauen Kleid und mit teurem Schmuck sitzt mit ausgestreckter Hand.
Lasst uns sehen, wie viele Personen wir dazu bringen knnen, uns anzustarren.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Lederjacke spricht auf der Bhne in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Speerwerfer in einem dunklen Oberteil bereitet sich auf den Wurf vor.
Ein wei gekleideter Reiter auf einem Pferd springt ber eine Reihe von Stangen.
Eine Person reitet auf einem weien Pferd und berspringt Hindernisse.
Ein Frau mit blauen Stiefeln steht vor einem groen Korb mit Gemse.
Ein Mann mit lockigen Haaren im Anzug spielt auf dem Gehweg Trompete.
Archologen graben in der Erde nach etwas.
Eine einzelne Person fhrt auf einem Bike.
Zwei Menschen fahren nebeneinander Fahrrad mit Gras im Hintergrund.
Eine Frau in weiem Oberteil und Shorts spielt eine rote Gitarre.
Ein kleiner Junge hlt im Hinterhof eine brennende Wunderkerze.
Ein Rennkatamaran durchschneidet das Wasser.
Ein Katamaran auf See bei einem Segelwettbewerb
Eine Gruppe von Freunden bereitet sich auf ein Wasserabenteuer vor.
Ein Mdchen in grnem Trikot und blauen Shorts macht sich bereit, den Fuball in der Nhe des Tors zu schieen.
Ein alter hellhutiger Mann mit kahlem Kopf isst das Brtchen eines kleinen Mdchens.
Ein Mann spielt im Pullover und mit Rucksack auf der Strae Cello.
Eine Softballspielerin schlgt nach einem Softball.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem roten Oberteil hebt den rechten Arm und trgt links einen Softballhandschuh.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt auf einer Schaukel.
Ein brtiger Mann spielt Flte, und eine Person mit Dreadlocks, die hinter ihm steht, spielt ein anderes Instrument.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil und mit Baseballkappe bckt Kekse.
Ein Baby mit grnen Kopfhrern winkt einer groen Menschenmenge.
Ein Armeehund wird von einem Soldaten trainiert.
Eine Frau in schwarzer Schrze steht vor einem Spiegel.
Ein Mann mit Schwimmbrille schwimmt in einem Pool.
Ein weier Hund kommt aus einer gelben Rhre auf einem Hindernisparcours.
Das junge Mdchen fhrt drauen in der Nhe von Bschen Inlineskates.
Das Mdchen der weien Basketballmannschaft klatscht ein Mitglied der schwarzen Mannschaft ab, whrend sich die anderen Mdchen sammeln.
Ein Mdchen steht an einem Pier, als eine Fhre einluft.
Eine Frau in einem schwarzen Kleid nimmt Bilder von Kindern vor Blumen auf.
Ein junger Skateboarder dreht bei einem Stunt sein Board.
Ein Mann trgt viele gefllte Taschen und lacht in die Kamera.
Vier Personen befinden sich bei Nacht auf einer Urlaubsparty.
Ein Mann fhrt Fahrrad ber eine kleine Brcke ber einem Gewsser, das wie ein Sumpf aussieht.
Ein italienischer Sportler posiert auf dem Platz.
Ein kleiner Hund ist durch eine orange flexible Rhre gerannt.
Eine lchelnde Frau schaukelt mit geschlossenen Augen auf einer Reifenschaukel.
Ein Junge in einem gelben Oberteil malt mit einem blauen Stift auf einem kleinen Ausklapptisch.
Ein kleiner Junge mit blondem Haar sitzt auf dem Boden und schneidet etwas mit einer Schere.
Zwei Mnner spielen Backgammon, whrend ein dritter auf einem Gehweg umherblickt.
Ein kleiner Junge befindet sich mit einem Spielzeug-Rasenmher auf einem berwucherten Feld.
Eine Bhne mit einer groen Leinwand und einer hundertkpfigen Menschenmenge.
Ein stark bevlkerter Strand mit klarem Wasser
Der Hund lsst die Zunge heraushngen und luft durch das Gras.
Drei Segelboote bei einem Segelrennen
Eine Frau in einem gestreiften Oberteil schneidet mit einem Messer Gemse auf einem Schneidebrett.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen vor einem schwarzen Kombi.
Eine Frau in einem kurzen, rmellosen orangen Kleid und schwarzen Leggings sitzt auf einer Betonbank und schaut nach unten, und hinter ihr sind zahllose Fahrrder geparkt.
Ein Radfahrer in roter Bekleidung nimmt eine Kurve auf seinem Fahrrad.
Ein lterer Mann trgt die Olympische Fackel fr die Olympischen Spiele in London2012 durch eine Zuschauermenge.
Ein Mann in Olympiakleidung trgt die Fackel fr London2012 eine Strae entlang.
Drei Personen warten lchelnd auf den Rennstart.
Eine Menschenmenge hat sich zum Protest versammelt, eine Frau trgt ein Schild auf Hebrisch.
Eine Akrobatin in einem rot-wei gestreiftem Oberteil und blauen Hosen turnt an einer Stange.
Ein Mann hlt einen Becher und eine Toilettenbrste neben einem Urinal.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil spricht vor sitzenden Personen in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann mit Helm fhrt auf seinem Bike.
Zwei Mnner malen Graffiti an eine Wand.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann in rot-schwarzer Bekleidung spielt Basketball.
Ein Mann in schwarzen Hosen und mit einem Helm reitet auf einem braunen Pferd.
Eltern beteiligen sich am Straenmusikfest, indem sie Kindern beim Spielen der Handtrommel helfen.
Eine Frau steht neben einem Bild, das sie mglicherweise gerade gemalt hat.
Eine Frau singt bei einem Rockkonzert im Freien in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Professor hlt vor seiner Klasse eine Vorlesung.
Vier Mnner, von denen drei sitzen und einer steht, tragen dieselbe dunkelblaue Uniform.
Ein Clown spielt in einem Park mit Seifenblasen, whrend ein kleines Kind spielt.
Eine rot gekleidete Radfahrerin schiebt ihr Rad.
Ein alter, vielleicht obdachloser Mann sitzt an einem Tisch und hat ein Glas vor sich.
Menschen in Kostmen warten auf ihren Auftritt bei einer Veranstaltung.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil telefoniert am Tor mit seinem Handy.
Ein Motorradpolizist fhrt bei einem Umzug.
Zwei Mnner in roten Oberteilen stehen bei einem Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Skateboard auf einem Gelnder.
Eine Frau nimmt an einem Sportkurs teil, der Kickboxbewegungen beinhaltet.
Ein Junge mit einer grnen Tasche steht hinter einer Sule in einer U-Bahn-Station.
Eine Frau spielt Bass und singt mit ihrem mnnlichen Gitarristen, whrend der Schlagzeuger im Hintergrund spielt.
Ein kleiner Junge lacht beim Laufen.
Ein Mann ganz in Wei mit goldenen Streifen hlt eine goldene Fackel und winkt der Menge.
Ein lterer Mann auf einer politischen Kundgebung hlt ein Schild, auf dem er sich bei den Soldaten bedankt.
Eine Person auf einem Einmann-Gelndefahrzeug fhrt im Sand auf zwei Rdern.
Ein Mann fhrt mit einem Gelndefahrzeug durch die Wste.
Ein Dnenbuggy mit einem mnnlichen Insassen springt beim Fahren ber eine Sanddne.
Ein erfahrener Quad-Fahrer fhrt einige Sanddnen hinauf.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann trgt einen Kimono und trainiert mit einem Kollegen seinen Kampfsport.
Eine junge Schlerin lchelt in die Kamera.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern auf einem Karussell spielt im Park.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen spielt Jahrmarktspiele.
Profilansicht eines Mannes mit einer braunen Pfeife im Mund
Ein kleiner Junge lacht und reitet auf einer Schaufel.
Ein kleines Mdchen hat ihren Kopf in eine Schssel Wasser getaucht.
Der Pitcher wirft bei einem Baseballspiel den Ball.
Der Baseballspieler mit der Nummer5 der grnen Mannschaft versucht den Ball zu fangen, als der Spieler mit der Nummer7 der grauen Mannschaft die Base passiert, whrend der Schiedsrichter zusieht.
Ein Mann spielt mit einem Baby und hlt es hoch in die Luft.
Zwei Mdchen und ein Junge sind an einem Kuchenwettessen beteiligt.
Ein Mann mit kurzen Haaren springt oben auf einem groen Felsen.
Bei einem patriotischen Umzug hlt ein Mann, der einen Wagen fhrt, ein kleines Mdchen und es werden amerikanische Flaggen sichtbar.
Mnner mit Schrzen, Kopfbedeckungen und Sonnenbrillen grillen.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt mit Weinglsern an einem langen Tisch.
Ein Junge bespritzt eine ltere Person mit einer Flasche Wasser.
Ein Mann und eine Frau spielen jeder eine Akustikgitarre auf der Bhne und sind von Lautsprechern und Mikrofonen umgeben.
Ein erwachsener Mann in Tarnkleidung hilft einem kleinen Kind dabei, ein Gewehr zu halten.
Ein Mann nht mit einer altertmlichen Nhmaschine ein Kleidungsstck.
Ein Kind wird mit Wasser bespritzt, whrend ltere Personen dasitzen und zusehen.
Ein Mann und eine Frau laufen auf einer Eisbahn Schlittschuh.
Drei Mnner mit Schutzhelmen lenken eine groe Maschine.
Ein junges Paar sitzen in einem Park und isst Eiscreme, whrend Kinder spielen und sich andere Personen um sie herum vergngen.
Personen genieen die Entspannung und lesen an diesem grnen und schattigen Pltzchen.
Ein junger Mann auf einem Surfboard reitet durch eine Welle.
Der Baseballspieler mit der Nummer38, Morse, steht und blickt auf den Werfer.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Oberteil fllt einige Fsser mit einer kleinen Kelle.
Zwei Mdchen schauen bei Hair at Hart aus dem Fenster.
Bruce Springsteen, in Schwarz gekleidet, hlt ein Mikrofon und zeigt auf die Menge.
Ein Mann feuert ein Gewehr im Sitzen ab.
Ein Bowlingspieler hat gerade eine Bowlingkugel auf die Bahn in Richtung der Kegel gerollt.
Ein Surfer reitet im Meer auf einem Wellenkamm.
Ein Surfer, der einen schwarz-roten Body trgt, surft auf einem weien Surfboard auf einer groen Welle.
Ein Mann surft auf einer Welle.
Fnf Reiter reiten im Sonnenlicht auf einem Weg durch ein Tal.
Eine Frau und ein Kind befinden sich auf einem vollen Flughafen.
Ein dicker Polizist und eine dicke Frau sitzen zusammen, whrend der Polizist Papiere durchblttert.
Ein Mann schttet Wasser von einem Pfahl in einen Brunnen.
Viele Radfahrer in Trikots fahren eine Strae entlang und passieren an der Seite der Strae geparkte Fahrzeuge.
Eine Frau und ein junges Mdchen erklimmen einen grasbedeckten Hgel.
Ein kleiner Junge im Spielzimmer, der einen Batman-Pyjama trgt, baut etwas aus Spielzeug.
Ein Mann mit einem langen Bart spielt Gitarre.
Eine Frau mit einem roten Tanktop und einer Men's-Health-Kopfbedeckung sitzt auf dem Boden und isst ihr Mittagessen.
Ein braunschwarzer Yorkie spielt mit einem roten Ball.
Ein Mann tpfert und schaut sich das Objekt, das er formt, aus nchster Nhe an.
Ein Paintball-Spieler duckt sich unter einer roten Barriere.
Einige der zehn Kinder haben Saftkartons, eines hat einen Volleyball.
Zwei Mnner in orangen Sicherheitswesten malen einen Bordstein wei an.
Ein Kind sieht zu, wie ein Mann auf einer Drehscheibe Tpferware formt.
Eine Frau spielt bei einem Konzert die Violine.
Zwei Mnner mit Sonnenbrille blicken auf etwas vor ihnen.
Ein Mann mit geschlossenen Augen lehnt seinen Arm auf einen Stuhl.
Ein afroamerikanischer Bassist in einem blauen Oberteil wird von einem Schlagzeuger begleitet.
Viele Radfahrer fahren an einem Umzug vorbei.
Ein Personenteam hlt die Hnde in die Mitte.
Ein junges Mdchen macht eine Rckwrtsrolle im Wasser.
Eine Frau im Bikini springt im Wasser in die Hhe und hlt dabei einen Zebraballon.
Eine Frau freut sich ber ihren Frame auf der Bowlingbahn.
Ein Lebensmittelverkufer gibt einem Kunden zwei Kugeln Eis in einer Waffel.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt vorbei, whrend das Publikum hinter einem Banner zusieht.
Zwei Mnner in weien Trikots und mit blauen Helmen spielen auf einem Ballplatz.
Ein Junge ruht sich in einer Hngematte am Fluss aus.
Ein Kind steht auf einer Fubank in der Kche an der Kchenzeile.
Ein Golfspieler versucht, den Golfball aus einer Sandfalle zu spielen.
Eine Fuballmannschaft feiert den Sieg, wobei ein Spieler einem anderen auf den Rcken springt.
Eine Band, die aus einer Frau und drei Mnnern besteht, spielt am helllichten Tag.
Zwei Kinder mit Sonnenbrille sitzen vor einem Kunststoffzelt.
Eine Tennisspielerin in Wei schwingt ihren Schlger.
Ein junger Mann steht drauen und hlt eine Rolle Draht.
Zwei Radfahrer mit Helmen bei einem Rennen mit Zuschauern im Hintergrund
Ein Mann in einem wei-grnen Fahrradoberteil und mit Helm fhrt Fahrrad.
Ein Kind ist im Wasser und hlt sich an einer Schwimmhilfe fest.
Ein Schwimmer mit blauer Kappe und blauer Schwimmbrille schwimmt in ruhigem Wasser.
Personen stehen auf einer Art Versammlung herum.
Ein mit einem Haltegurt gesicherter Junge klettert an einem Felsen.
Ein Mann schaut auf Enten, die im Fenster eines Lebensmittelgeschfts hngen.
Kinder hat man stets gern um sich und sieht ihnen mit einem Lcheln zu.
Eine Frau und ein kleines Mdchen schauen in eine Vitrine.
Ein hellbrauner, wei gefleckter Hund knabbert an der Hand des Mdchens.
Ein junges Mdchen trgt einen Blumenstrau.
Eine dreikpfige Familie wrmt sich in einem Park in der Sonne.
Ein Mann rasiert einem anderen Mann das Gesicht mit einem Rasiermesser mit gerader Klinge.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper schaufelt mit einer rosa Schaufel Sand weg, whrend ein kleines Mdchen zusieht.
Ein Mann fhrt begeistert Inlineskates.
Ein junger Mann in einem grauen Kapuzenpulli und mit einer Blume auf dem Kopf nimmt nach dem Essen eine Pose ein.
Eine Frau dreht sich in einem weien Kleid.
Eine Menschenmenge lehnt sich gegen Barrieren entlang einer Strae, whrend ein Polizist auf einem Motorrad vorberfhrt.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Oberteil hlt ein Mikrofon.
Ein Mann in einer Badehose springt von einem hohen Felsen in das Wasser.
Ein Junge schwimmt bei einem Schwimmwettkampf Brust.
Ein Mdchen mit blonden Haaren trgt eine Wollmtze und blst Seifenblasen im Garten.
Ein Gruppe braungebrannter Personen an einem Stand mit Gemse.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Mbelstck.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit einem roten Regenhut spielt mit mehreren Erwachsenen im Schlamm.
Eine Gruppe von Personen subert verschiedene Meerestiere.
Mnner spielen vor einer groen Zuschauermenge Basketball.
Zwei Balletttnzer in Wei und Grn tanzen auf einer Bhne.
Ein Mann hebt bei einer Ballettvorstellung eine Frau hoch.
In einer Stadt fhrt ein Mann mit dem Skateboard die Treppe vor einer U-Bahn hinunter, whrend zwei ltere Frauen auf einer Bank sitzen und zusehen.
Ein kleines Mdchen spielt am Strand und baut eine Sandburg.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem gelben T-Shirt sitzt am Sandstrand und spielt mit einer grnen Schaufel.
Ein kleines Mdchen rutscht lachend einen Tunnel hinunter.
Eine Frau steht auf dem Gehweg mit Bildern an der Wand.
Einige Jungen spielen Basketball auf einem Feld.
Ein Mann mit blauer Kopfbedeckung formt eine Eisfigur.
Zwei schne grne Blumentpfe stehen drauen.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem weien T-Shirt und schwarzen Shorts luft drauen umher.
Zwei Mnner trinken Bier in einer Bar.
Zwei Mnner sitzen auf Klappsthlen und trinken Bier.
Zwei betrunkene Freunde trinken mit rotem Gesicht den nchsten Drink.
Ein Mann mit Strohhut und ein anderer Mann in einem gestreiften Oberteil trinken aus Tassen und schneiden Grimassen.
Zwei Mnner schneiden Grimassen, whrend sie Alkohol trinken.
Drei junge Mdchen laufen Hand in Hand in einer Menschenmenge.
Ein Mann auf einem Motorrad fhrt hinter Strommasten und demontierten Autos.
Ein Mann greift ein Frisbee, whrend eine anderer versucht, sie ihm in der Luft wegzuschnappen.
Ein Feuerwehrmann in Uniform und mit Schnurrbart und Spitzbart steht vor seinem Feuerwehrauto.
Eine Ansammlung von wei und rosa gekleideten Frauen auf einem ffentlichen Platz hebt die Arme.
Eine Cheerleader-Gruppe tritt auf einer Sportveranstaltung vor der Menge auf.
Eine Person reitet auf einem weien Pferd, die zweite auf einem braunen Pferd.
Personen reiten auf Pferden.
Zwei Personen reiten auf Pferden um die Wette, mit anderen Personen auf Pferden im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann hlt eine auslndische Zeitung hoch und blickt in die Kamera.
Ein lterer Mann arbeitet an einem Fischernetz.
Ein Mann bereitet sein Netz zum Fischen vor.
Ein Mann in frmlicher Kleidung sitzt in der U-Bahn und schaut auf sein Handy.
Ein Mann mit einer Maske spielt an der Seite einer Strae Musik.
Ein Schlagmann holt zum Schlag des eintreffenden Balls aus.
Ein Mdchen rutscht eine gelbe Rutsche in einen Pool hinunter.
Ein Mann malt mit einem Bleistift Buchstaben auf ein rundes Aufstellschild, das auf der Seite liegt.
Ein Mann sitzt mit seinem Kind auf dem Boden, daneben ein Kinderwagen.
Eine Person fliegt nach einem Dirt Jump auf einem Fahrrad durch die Luft.
Zwei Personen nehmen an einem Spiel auf dem Pferdercken teil.
Eine Band spielt anscheinend auf einem Gehweg anstatt auf einer Bhne.
Ein Frau schenkt bei einer Veranstaltung Getrnke ein.
Ein lterer Mann mit einem langen grauen Bart sitzt auf einer Pritsche.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper arbeitet an einem Frderband.
Ein Radfahrer fliegt nach einem Sprung durch die Luft, whrend ein anderer Jugendlicher auf einem Fahrrad zusieht.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil arbeitet am Licht.
Mehrere Personen laufen an einer menschlichen Statue vorber, die in verschiedenen Goldtnen bemalt ist.
Zwei Bauarbeiter schweien eine Metallstruktur.
Kinder spielen auf einer saftigen grnen Wiese Fuball.
Kinder spielen an einem sonnigen Tag Fuball.
Eine Frau in einem graublauen Oberteil lacht, als sie eine Calzone auspackt und anschneidet.
Drei blau gekleidete Frauen jubeln.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen an einem Tisch im Restaurant beim Abendessen.
Ein kleiner Junge schwimmt mit einer Maske im Pool.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem grauen Sweatshirt und Jeans spielt auf einer Gitarre.
Ein Sportlerin in einem rot-wei-blauen Oberteil schliet mit einem Schwung ab.
Ein junger Mann mit weier Kopfbedeckung spielt mit einem lteren Mann Golf, der ein blaues Hemd mit langen rmeln und eine Khakihose trgt.
Drei Personen ernten Getreide auf einem Feld.
Eine Frau in einem Kleid spielt im Sitzen ein Musikinstrument und singt in ein Mikrofon.
Drei Mnner machen am Strand akrobatische bungen, whrend Zuschauer zusehen und Fotos machen.
Ein Baseballspieler in einem grauen Trikot hat gerade an der Home Plate seinen Baseballschlger geschwungen.
Eine lange Schlange wartet begierig darauf, in ein geschlossenes Zelt eingelassen zu werden.
Zwei Mnner fahren ein Rennen, und der Mann an der vorderen Position sieht nach hinten nach dem anderen Fahrer.
Ein Mann grbt einen glnzenden Gegenstand aus dem Sand aus, whrend andere zusehen.
Zwei Mnner, von denen einer eine weie Sporthose und der andere eine rote Sporthose trgt, boxen.
Ein Kind schlummert auf einem Felsen im Dampf.
Eine Frau in einem grnen Oberteil liest drei Kindern aus einem Dr.-Seuss-Buch vor.
Drei Mnner begutachten Kleidung in einem Bekleidungsgeschft.
Ein Cowboy zieht mit zwei anderen Rodeo-Cowboys den Hut, einer mit einem rosa Oberteil, ein anderer mit einem weien Oberteil, beide auf dem Pferdercken, inmitten einer Rodeoarena.
Ein asiatisch aussehende Frau lehnt sich winkend aus dem Wagen.
Eine Pause bei einer Rede in der Baseball-Ruhmeshalle, die anscheinend durch einen emotionalen Moment verursacht wurde.
Ein Straenarbeiter fhrt eine Maschine, um nassen Beton zu gltten.
Eine Frau in einem Dritte-Welt-Land sgt einen Stahlstab durch.
Zwei Polospieler auf Pferden spielen Polo.
Ein kleiner Hund mit einem roten Band auf dem Kopf luft durch das Gras.
Ein Polospieler reitet auf einem Pferd und schlgt einen Ball.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann mit weier Sonnenbrille und grnem Oberteil fhrt ein komisch kleines gelbes Bike.
Ein Mann macht Parasailing in unruhigem Wasser.
Zwei Mnner mit blauen Westen sitzen in aufgeblasenen Booten, die als Crusher bezeichnet werden, auf dem offenen Meer.
Ein Wasserskilufer winkt glcklich in die Kamera.
Ein Rock-and-Roll-Konzert beginnt, als der Gitarrist zu spielen anfngt.
Ein asiatisch aussehende Frau mit rotem Regenschirm luft ber einen vollen Marktplatz.
Drei Arbeiter in orange-grner Kleidung sitzen bei einer wohlverdienten Pause unter einem Baum.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil versenkt einen Basketball im Korb, whrend eine kleine Zuschauermenge zusieht.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher sitzt auf dem Boden.
Eine Menschenmenge sieht zwei Frauen zu, die eine Strae entlangfahren.
Radfahrer blicken beim Entlangfahren einer Strae geradeaus, an der Zuschauer hinter Barrikaden zusehen.
Radfahrer fahren einen Marathon, whrend Zuschauer zusehen.
Ein konzentrierter Mann in Schwarz fhrt bei diesem Radrennen den Pulk an.
Die Kstenwache ist wieder im blauen Wasser unterwegs und stets bereit, Leben zu retten.
Eine junge Frau in blauer Kleidung hilft einer anderen jungen Frau mit einem blauen Sweatshirt und einem weien Band am Arm.
Zwei Mnner unterhalten sich vor einem British-Airways-Flugzeug.
Eine Frau in roten Leggings und einem weien Oberteil hngt kopfber von einem Metallgerst herunter.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil fhrt mit dem Skateboard eine Strae hinab.
Nahaufnahme eines Radfahrers in Gelb, der vor einer Menge fhrt, die hinter einem roten Schild sitzt
Zwei Radfahrer fahren mit ihren Rdern im Gelnde auf einem Weg.
Ein Frau im Kostm steht auf einem Podium und spricht.
Eine Frau sprht Champagner ber eine Gruppe von Menschen.
Viele Personen fahren mit Helm Fahrrad, whrend die Fans zuschauen und sie anfeuern.
Eine Gruppe von Radfahrern fhrt die Rennstrecke entlang, whrend die Menge ihnen zusieht.
Es ist ein Fuballspiel zwischen der rot-grnen und der blauen Mannschaft im Gang.
Ein rot gekleideter Mann treibt den Wasserfall hinab.
Ein Pferd und sein Jockey befinden sich mitten in einem Pferderennen.
Personen fahren bei einem Cyclothon in Radkleidung und mit Profihelmen.
Junge Frauen genieen den Blick von der Brcke bei einem rtlichen Festival.
Mnner entspannen sich auf dem Bootsdeck.
Ein Mann mit einem blauen Schutzhelm und in einem orangen Oberteil befestigt die Seite einer Strae.
Zwei Kinder und ein Mann stehen auf einem Felsbrocken.
Lastwagen stehen um Arbeiter in der Mitte einer Strae herum.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Sto beim Snooker aus.
Eine Frau in einem orangen Kleid macht auf einem Volksfest eine Fahrt.
Ein Hockeyspieler in einem blauen Oberteil punktet gegen eine Mannschaft in weien Oberteilen.
Sechs Hockeyspieler, drei in weien und drei in blauen Trikots, kurven um das Tor der weien Mannschaft herum.
Ein junger Mann saust auf einem Surfboard durch die Luft.
Das Baseballspiel wird in einer khlen, bewlkten Nacht ausgetragen.
Ein Mann trgt die Olympische Fackel vor einem Ziegelgebude im Hintergrund.
Zwei Mnner in roten Oberteilen, von denen sich einer in der Luft befindet, spielen Basketball.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einer Rutsche aus Metall.
Eine Gruppe von Radfahrern der englischen Mannschaft tritt in die Pedale, um den Sieg zu erringen.
Eine Gruppe von Schwimmern springt in einen Pool.
Zwei Mdchen kmpfen miteinander, wobei das blau gekleidete auf dem Boden liegt und das wei gekleidete Mdchen ber ihr ist.
Ein Mann auf einem Gelndemotorrad springt ber einen Erdhgel.
Ein Skateboarder in einem roten Oberteil und mit Knieschtzern fhrt auf einer steilen Rampe.
Eine Frau mit gelber Bluse und Brille sitzt mit einem Laptop an einem Schreibtisch.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil und Jeans tanzt auf der Strae mit einer Frau in einem blau-weien Kleid.
Zwei Radfahrer fahren auf die Ziellinie zu.
Zwei Kampfsportler kmpfen auf der Matte gegeneinander, whrend Personen im Hintergrund Aufnahmen und Fotos machen.
Eine junge Frau bereitet sich darauf vor, ins Mikrofon zu singen.
Drei blau und gold gekleidete Mnner spielen ein Spiel.
Eine Gruppe von Radfahrern fhrt beim Radrennen 2012 in London durch die Tore.
Fnf Mnner in roten Oberteilen stehen auf einem Basketballfeld in einer Reihe, vier von ihnen haben die Hand auf dem Herzen und schauen nach oben.
Ein Basketballspieler aus der Mannschaft der USA versenkt den Ball.
Beim Lacrosse spielen zwei Spieler in Blau und Orange um ein Tor.
Ein junges Blumenmdchen und der Ringtrger warten auf ihr Stichwort, um den Gang entlangzulaufen.
Eine junge asiatisch aussehende Frau spielt auf ihrem Handy, mit dem Rcken zu ihrer Familie und zum Essen.
Vor einem Gebude wurden Sthle aufgestellt.
Der Spieler der Oakland Athletics versucht einen Double Play, whrend der Baserunner der Orioles versucht, diesen zu unterbrechen.
Ein berittener, uniformierter Polizist reitet mit seinem Hund am Strand entlang.
Behutsame Anwendung von Haarpflegeprodukten durch Arbeiter mit Handschuhen
Ein kleines Kind steht auf einem Hgel ber einen kleinen, verarmten Dorf.
Drei Radfahrer fahren im Regen eine volle Strae entlang, whrend sich ein roter BMW und ein Motorrad von hinten nhern.
Ein asiatischer Koch sieht einem anderen Koch zu, der in einer Grokche auf einer Platte kocht.
In einem Bereich mit zwei Armeeflugzeugen trainieren zwei Mnner, einer in Uniform und einer in schwerer Kleidung, einen schwarzbraunen Hund.
Einige Fuballspieler schauen aufmerksam auf den Ball und den Torhter.
Ein Mann in rot-schwarzer Schwimmweste fhrt mit dem Kajak eine Stromschnelle hinunter.
Eine Person mit blauem Oberteil und schwarzem Helm in einem Kajak in aufgewhltem Wasser
Zwei Frauen und ein junger Mann heben Erde aus und geben diese in eine Schubkarre.
Ein marineblau-rot gekleideter Afroamerikaner wirft einen Basketball.
Ein moderner Sportbogenschtze zieht einen Pfeil zurck und zielt.
Fnf Jungen in blauen Oberteilen zeichnen an einem Tisch.
Zwei argentinische Baseballspieler, einer unglaublich glcklich, der andere etwas frustriert, whrend der Trainer fr einen der Spieler klatscht und eine Managerin lchelnd das Spielfeld verlsst
Viele verschiedene Menschen laufen ber einen Marktplatz.
Ein Mann in Uniform und mit roter Brille hlt ein Gewehr.
Ein Mann hebt schreiend ein schweres Gewicht hoch.
Eine Tennisspielerin in grnen Shorts und rotem Oberteil schlgt auf einem Grasplatz mit 126Kilometern pro Stunde.
Ein verschwitzter Schlagzeuger spielt Schlagzeug.
Ein erschpfter Rennradfahrer kmpft sich zur Ziellinie und wird angefeuert.
Eine Frau posiert in ihrer Kabine bei den Olympischen Spielen 2012 in London.
Zwei patriotische Frauen fahren im hinteren Teil eines klassischen Cabrios in einem kleinen Umzug.
Menschen versammeln sich zur jhrlichen Feier des 4.Juli im Delwood-Wohnviertel.
Ein Hund mit weiem Fell bewegt sich durch trbes Wasser.
Ein Jockey befindet sich bei einem Reitwettbewerb mit seinem Pferd mitten im Sprung.
LeBron James, der ein USA-Trikot trgt und von vier gegnerischen Spielern umgeben ist, spielt einen Basketball ab.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt auf den Felsen und schaut einem jngeren Mann zu, der untersucht, was sich im Wasser befindet.
Drei Mnner, einer mit Kopfbedeckung und zwei ohne, knien auf dem Boden und graben in der Erde um ein Betonpodest.
Ein Gruppe dreier indigener Frauen ruht sich im Schatten aus, whrend ihre Kinder aus einer Tr herauslugen.
Ein Mann in denselben Farben wie das Bike fhrt die Strae entlang.
Zwei Frauenvolleyball-Mannschaften spielen bei einem Volleyballspiel mit Zuschauern im Hintergrund gegeneinander.
Eine Frauenvolleyballmannschaft in blau-roten Trikots spielt mit einer anderen in rot-weien Trikots Volleyball.
Zwei Mdchenmannschaften spielen Volleyball.
Der Frauenvolleyball bei den Olympischen Spielen ist sehr intensiv.
Dieser Mann hat gerade erst sein Gewehr abgefeuert.
Zwei Menschen in Fechtausrstung kmpfen gegeneinander.
Ein Fechtwettkampf zwischen Russland und Italien
Zwei Personen in weier Kleidung kmpfen in einem Fechtwettkampf.
Zwei kleine Jungen spielen am Meer im Sand.
Eine Frau mit Schrze und Kunststoffhandschuhen hebt den Deckel von einer Backware.
Ein Hausmeister reinigt nachts das Sprungbrett mit einem Besen.
Eine Gruppe von Radfahrern fhrt bei einem Sportereignis.
Mehrere Mnner in verschiedenfarbiger Bekleidung fahren eine Bike-Rallye.
Zwei Autos schlieen in einem Profirennen eine Runde ab.
Drei Autos in hellen Farben fahren auf einer Rennstrecke.
Ein koreanischer und ein amerikanischer Fechter befinden sich in einem Degenkampf.
Schwarz und blau gekleidete Mnner laufen im Hintergrund, whrend Soldaten im Vordergrund Liegesttze machen.
Ein Mann surft auf einem Surfboard, whrend eine lange Welle bricht.
Ein junges Mdchen winkt beim Riesenradfahren in die Kamera.
Eine Frau im roten Trikot spielt Basketball.
Der Ringer hatte den Vorteil gegenber seinem kanadischen Gegner.
Eine barfige Frau in farbenfroher Kleidung steht vor einem Baum.
Ein Basketballspieler in einem weien Trikot versucht, den Basketball innerhalb der Begrenzung abzuspielen, whrend ihn die andere Mannschaft blockt.
Eine Person fhrt in einem rot-schwarzen Rennwagen.
Ein kahlkpfiger Mann in einem blauen Oberteil malt Graffiti an eine Wand.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem weien Pullover sitzt lachend und mit dem Blick nach oben gerichtet vor einem bunten Kuchen.
Zwei Kampfsportlerinnen kmpfen in einem Wettbewerb vor Zuschauern.
Schiedsrichter an den Seitenlinien beobachten einen laufenden Kampfsportwettbewerb.
Ein Sportler luft auf der Laufbahn eines Platzes.
Zwei Mnner springen auf einer roten Bahn ber Hrden, whrend andere Personen zuschauen und sie fotografieren.
Lufer laufen bei einem Rennen eine Strecke entlang.
Eine Filmcrew dokumentiert eine Leichtathletin beim Speerwurf.
Ein Torhter hechtet auf dem Fuballplatz nach dem Fuball, whrend der Schtze zuschaut.
Zwei Mnner posieren in felsigem Gelnde vor einem schneebedeckten Berg.
Sechs Mnner laufen bei den Olympischen Spielen 2012 in London ein Rennen.
Eine Sportlerin verwendet ein Wurfgert fr den Sport.
Sportler laufen ein Rennen.
Ein Lufer in grnen Schuhen bernimmt bei einem Rennen die Fhrung vor einem Lufer in roten Schuhen.
Fnf junge Frauen bereiten sich auf die 100-Meter-Staffel vor.
Vier Personen sitzen auf einem Felsen in einem Gewsser.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Kopfbedeckung spielt Akkordeon.
Ein Mann reitet in einer Rodeoarena ein bockendes Pferd.
Ein Cowboy fngt bei einem Rodeo ein Kalb ein.
Zwei hellhutige Mnner mit Schlgern spielen Squash oder etwas mit einem kleinen Ball.
Ein Mann greift beim Sport im Freien ber einen anderen hinweg.
Zwei Frauen sitzen nebeneinander, die eine hlt ein Baby, die andere einen kleinen Hund.
LeBron James, der fr die Mannschaft der USA spielt, versucht einen Korbleger von unterhalb des Korbs.
An einem trben Tag lachen und spielen zwei junge Mdchen im nassen Sand am Strand.
Ein Mdchen beim Volleyball-Turnier bei den Olympischen Spielen 2012 in London
Drei Mdchen spielen drauen auf einer sandigen Flche Volleyball, whrend eine im Hintergrund sitzende Frau sie fotografiert.
Ein Werfer in einem roten Trikot wird nach dem Wurf des Baseballs gezeigt.
Zwei kleine Mdchen auf einem gepflasterten Weg halten Stofftiere.
Ein Mann macht Parasailing mit Bergen im Hintergrund.
Zuschauer beten, dass der Cowboy beim Rodeo nicht vom Bullen fllt.
Ein Kind springt am Strand ber Meereswellen.
Der Spieler im hellgrauen Anzug greift mit dem Kopf voran nach der Baseball Plate, whrend der Fnger im gelben Oberteil den Arm ausstreckt, um ihn zu berhren.
Eine Gruppe von Archologen untersucht eine Grabungssttte.
Ein Mann mit der Nummer eins auf seinem Gelndemotorrad fhrt auf der Strecke.
Eine Gruppe von Frauen spielt im Sportbikini Volleyball.
Vier Frauen im Badeanzug spielen am Strand Volleyball, whrend sie Kameraleute im Hintergrund aufnehmen.
Vier Frauen spielen bei den Olympischen Spielen 2012 in London Beachvolleyball.
Ein Surfer reitet am Beginn einer Welle auf seinem Surfboard.
Zwei Mnner singen in einem dunklen Club.
Ein Rallyeauto hlt auf die Kamera zu, whrend es eine Staubwolke aufwirbelt.
Eine Sportlerin mit der Nummer43 auf der Wade luft.
Eine Luferin mit Sonnenbrille und grn-weier Sportkleidung luft.
Mehrere Mannschaften treten auf einem Logger-Sports-Wettbewerb in British Columbia gegeneinander an.
Ein junges Mdchen mit verschmiertem Gesicht sitzt auf einem Waschbecken und schneidet im Spiegel Grimassen.
Zwei Frauen spielen am Strand Volleyball.
Eine Volleyballspielerin in einem blauen Bikini holt zum Schmettern des Balls aus.
Ein junger Mann bereitet sich sorgfltig darauf vor, einen Poolsto auszufhren.
Zwei Menschen mit Sonnenbrille und Helm stehen hinter einer groen Kanone.
Am Tisch mit ihren Kollegen fllt eine Frau in der Uniform der US-Armee eine Tabelle aus.
Eine Frau mittleren Alters mit feuerrotem Haar und blasser Haut steht vor einer Mauer.
Eine Person, die eine Flagge als Umhang benutzt, trgt 6Bier.
Ein Kind in der Mitte eines Innenhofs vor einigen Sthlen lsst einen Drachen fliegen.
Ein weier Hund springt an einem Wasserstrahl hoch.
Ein Leitathlet sprintet eine Laufbahn entlang, um zum Speerwurf auszuholen.
Ein Mdchen mit einem riesigen Kbel Blumen
Ein Afroamerikaner spielt im Freien Saxofon.
Ein Mann macht Skimboarden am Ufer.
Ein Mann tollt bei Sonnenuntergang in der goldenen Brandung am Strand herum.
Eine Person luft in die Meereswellen.
Eine Frau aus Frankreich bereitet sich darauf vor, ihren Pfeil mit dem Bogen zu schieen, whrend eine Frau aus den USA hinter ihr steht.
Ein orange gekleideter Mann hat soeben einen Pfeil abgeschossen.
Ein kleines Kind in der Mitte einer Grasflche hlt einen Rawlings-Football.
Eine Person mit einer roten Jacke und Cross-Country-Ski luft einen Berg hinauf.
Drei Kinder schauen sich Amphibien in einem Aquarium an, machen Fotos und essen Eis am Stiel.
Der Baserunner versucht, sicher das Bag zu erreichen.
Ein junge Person malt und zeichnet mit rosa Kreide auf den Gehweg.
Ein Herr hlt eine Prsentation mit PowerPoint.
Alle Personen im Park versuchen, es sich bequem zu machen, um das Programm zu genieen, das fr sie vorbereitet wurde.
Eine zierliche Basketballspielerin wirft den Ball von der Zwei-Punkte-Linie.
Zwei Mnner, die eine Flagge halten, bleiben stehen, um ein Foto zu machen.
Ein Mann springt ber die andere Mannschaft, um den Ball zu schmettern.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Trikot fhrt bei einem Profi-Volleyballspiel den Aufschlag aus.
Ein Mann visiert sein Ziel an.
Ein Flieger umarmt ein junges Mdchen auf der Landebahn.
Zwei Sportmannschaften kmpfen im Wettbewerb gegeneinander.
Ein von Schlamm bedeckter Mann in schwarzer Kleidung zieht an der violetten Kleidung eines anderen Rugbyspielers.
Ein Baseballspieler schwingt den Schlger, um einen Baseball zu treffen.
Eine Frau in einem blauen Kleid scheint auf Reisen zu sein und auf eine U-Bahn zu warten, um ihr Ziel zu erreichen.
Ein Lacrossespieler strzt inmitten des Spiels, whrend sich andere nhern.
Ein Mann in Jeans und dunklem T-Shirt arbeitet mit einer lkanne an einem Zug.
Ein Rennfahrer fhrt auf einem Motorrad, mit der Rennstrecke im Hintergrund.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem blauen Oberteil spielt auf einer Trommel.
Ein kleiner Junge sitzt in einem roten Sattel auf einem Pferd.
Drei Frauen in roten Trikots aus der russischen Basketballmannschaft laufen dem Basketball hinterher.
Drei Mnner entfernen Wasser von einem Baseballplatz.
Zwei Radrennfahrer fahren auf der Strae vorber.
Eine Gruppe reist auf dem Rcken von Kamelen.
Die Sonnenbrille einer Volleyballspielerin zeigt eine Reflexion des Volleyballs, der sich vor ihrem Gesicht befindet.
Ein Goldmedaillengewinner feiert seinen Sieg neben seinem Teamkollegen und umgeben von Kameras.
Schwarzweifoto eines Mdchens mit kurzen Shorts, das mit einem Pullover durch den Regen luft
Ein Mdchen mit einer Uhr richtet die Frisur eines anderen Mdchens.
Mehrere Personen arbeiten zusammen in einem Waldgebiet.
Zwei Frauen spielen ein Basketballspiel.
Zwei Bauarbeiter lehnen sich an das Gelnder einer Baustelle.
Ein Junge mit einem Schwimmring in einer Schwimmhalle blickt in die Kamera.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen an einem Tisch in einer Bar, und zwei von ihnen trinken Bier.
Eine Frau schlgt einen Tennisball.
Mehrere Arbeiter stapfen einen schwach erleuchteten U-Bahn-Tunnel entlang.
Ein hellhutiger Mann mit Sonnenbrille singt mit einem Mikrofon.
Zwei Mnner, einer mit einem roten Oberteil und einer roten Kugel, der andere mit einem schwarzen Oberteil und einer violett gestreiften Kugel, bereiten sich auf einen Sto an einem Pooltisch vor.
Ein grau gekleideter Mann spielt in einer Bar Poolbillard.
Eine Frau mit langem braunem Haar trgt einen Pullover und sitzt mit einem Mann auf einem Sofa.
Eine Mutter hlt ein Neugeborenes und sitzt zwischen den Groeltern auf dem Sofa.
Stevie Wonder bei einem Bhnenauftritt auf einem seiner vielen groartigen Konzerte
Zwei junge Mdchen streicheln ein kleines Pferd.
Eine Person schneidet in der Kche auf einem Schneidebrett Gemse.
Gegnerische Spieler wetteifern bei einem Ultimate Frisbee-Spiel.
Ein Mann in gelben Shorts springt in die Luft, um eine Frisbee zu fangen.
Fr die Liebe seines Lebens luft er, so schnell er kann.
Zwei Mnner, einer mit einer Schwimmbrille, schwimmen nebeneinander.
Zwei hellhutige Frauen spielen vor einer groen Menge Tennis.
Zwei Biker, einer mit einem schwarzen Oberteil, der andere mit einem roten Oberteil, fahren eine Strae entlang.
Zwei Radfahrer in Elasthan-Bekleidung und mit Helm fahren bei einem Rennen bergauf.
Radfahrer in verschiedenfarbigen Anzgen fahren ein Rennen, das von einem Mann aufgenommen wird.
Ein Paar tanzt mit geschlossenen Augen, whrend andere Personen zusehen.
Ein olympischer Radfahrer mit der Nummer9 aus Spanien fhrt eine unbefestigte Strecke entlang.
Ein Badmintonspieler schlgt bei einer olympischen Veranstaltung den Federball mit einer Rckhand.
Ein afroamerikanischer Snger tritt auf einer Bhne mit einem Piano und mehreren Mikrofonen im Hintergrund auf.
Ein BMX-Fahrer befindet sich inmitten eines Sprungs, whrend die Menge unter ihm zusieht.
Zwei Frauen in langen Wollrcken sind drauen auf einer Farm von Ziegen umgeben.
Ein Mann sitzt, whrend ein Mann hinter ihm einen Bus wscht.
Zwei Frauen mit Kopfbedeckung unterhalten sich im Vordergrund, whrend im Hintergrund zwei Mnner mit einer anderen Art Kopfbedeckung zu sehen sind.
Mehrere Menschen mit Kopftchern auf einem bevlkerten, geschftigen Markt
Ein groer brauner Hund spielt mit einem weien Fuball im Gras.
Zwei Menschen fechten bei den Olympischen Spielen 2012 in London.
Ein Olympiasportler navigiert in einem Kajak durch einen Slalomkurs, wobei er sorgfltig um zwei gestreifte Stangen herummanvriert.
Die olympischen Laufwettbewerbe sind aus der Entfernung aufgenommen, um die groe Menschenmenge zu zeigen.
Zwei Mnner mit ergrauten Brten lachen zusammen und genieen das schne Wetter.
Der erste und einzige Skateboard-Enthusiast aus dem Nahen Osten
Ein Mann in einem mit Werbung bedruckten Hockeyanzug fhrt einen Puck die Eisbahn entlang.
Ein Mdchen hlt ihr Bein seitlich hoch.
Eine junge Frau macht in einem leeren Pool eine akrobatische Bewegung auf einer Hand.
Ein Mann fhrt auf dem Gelndemotorrad mit der Nummer3.
Ein kleines Kind sitzt auf einem Teppich und spielt mit einem Holzpuzzle.
Ein lebhafter Fhrtensucher wandert einen malerischen Pfad entlang.
Ein Wanderer joggt eine steinige Strae hinab, mit blauem Himmel und Bergen am Horizont.
Eine Frau auf der Bhne blickt auf ein dichtgedrngtes Publikum.
Eine einsame Person surft auf einer mittelgroen Welle.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Kajak paddelt durch pltscherndes Wasser.
Personen in blauer Kleidung stehen auf der Strae, whrend Zuschauer vom Gehweg aus zusehen.
Ein Mann holt bei einem Baseballspiel zum Schlag des Balls aus.
Nahaufnahme eines Gitarristen auf den Knien mit dem Rest der Band hinter ihm
Eine Frau auf einem grau-weien Pferd springt ber ein Hindernis.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Oberteil und eine braun gekleidete Frau spielen ein Brettspiel.
Vier Personen spielen im Sitzen an einem Tisch ein Brett- oder Kartenspiel.
Eine Frau und ein Mann ffnen einen Mixerbehlter.
Eine Frau rumt am Abend nach dem Abendessen den Geschirrspler ein.
Ein lterer Mann in einem grauen Pullover und blauer Hose formt etwas in einem Schmiedeofen auf einem Amboss.
Eine Menschenmenge begibt sich nachts auf den Straen zu ihrem Ziel.
Mehrere Jugendliche, darunter eine junge Frau in einem grn-rosa Kleid, singen und tanzen.
Drei Mdchen fhren auf der Bhne ein Programm auf.
Zwei junge Mnner fhren eine Modern-Dance-Nummer auf.
Zwei Hockeymannschaften spielen ein Spiel.
Ein Mann mit grauem Haar sitzt an einem Tisch.
Ein Mann versucht, beim Surfen die Balance zu halten.
Junge Mdchen aus verschiedenen Highschools treten bei einem Rennen auf einem gepflegten Platz gegeneinander an.
Eine Gruppe von Sportlern luft in einem Rennen.
Eine Person paddelt auf einem Surfboard in einem See, whrend zwei andere Personen in geringer Entfernung mit einem Boot folgen.
Ein Kind mit Weste und Kopfbedeckung posiert fr ein Bild.
Ein rot gekleidetes Mdchen macht beim Monopoly-Spiel seinen Zug.
Ein Mann in einem grn-weiem Oberteil und Khakihose fhrt kurz vor Sonnenuntergang Skateboard.
Ein Junge in rot-blauer Kleidung schwebt in der Luft.
Ureinwohner mit dunkler Haut sitzen auf der Erde und spielen Schach.
Zwei Fuballspieler in grnen Oberteilen versuchen, einem wei gekleideten Fuballspieler den Ball abzunehmen.
Zwei Footballspieler jagen bei einem Wettkampf zwischen den USA und Kanada in einem vollen Stadion nach dem Ball.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Oberteil und mit einem gelben Helm paddelt in einem pinken Kajak umher.
Ein kleines Mdchen und sein Stoffaffe sitzen auf einem Karussell ber dem Rummelplatz.
Drei Personen fahren mit Motocross-Motorrdern eine unbefestigte Strecke entlang.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer fhrt auf einer unbefestigten Profirennstrecke in der Nhe eines Flughafens.
Weit oberhalb der Baumgrenze der Berge scheint diese junge Frau sicher ausgerstet zu sein, um die steile Bergwand hochzuklettern.
Ein Bergsteiger bewundert das prchtige Panorama eines schneebedeckten Bergs.
Ein Bergsteiger steht vorsichtig auf der Vorderseite eines groen Felsens und stellt seinen Gurt ein.
Ein Mann spielt auf der Strae mit zwei Instrumenten gleichzeitig.
Ein Surfer taucht sein Board tief ins Wasser ein, um die Welle zu durchschneiden, auf der er reitet.
Ein Paar geniet den Anblick des Wassers bei Abenddmmerung.
Zwei Mannschaften wetteifern bei einem Fuballspiel auf einem Feld miteinander.
Ein Baseballwerfer folgt seinem Wurf.
Ein Mann mit Helm auf einem Mountainbike kommt einen steilen, felsigen Weg heruntergefahren.
Ein hellhutiger Mann in schwarzer Kleidung fhrt durch den Wald.
Drei Personen stehen zusammen mit ihren Getrnken vor einem Schnellimbiss.
Eine Frau singt, whrend ein Mann Bongotrommeln spielt.
Ein hbsches kleines Mdchen hlt ihren Hut mit einem Finger hoch und wird in einem wunderschnen Feld fotografiert.
Eine Frau geniet die Brise eines einfachen Lfters.
Das rosa gekleidete Mdchen beugt sich auf einem Knie nieder.
Eine Asiatin trainiert in rosa Bekleidung Kampfsport.
Ein kleines Kind mit beschlagener Schwimmbrille ruht sich auf einer grnen Schwimmhilfe im Wasser aus.
Zwei Personen fahren auf einer BMX-Strecke ein Rennen.
Vier Personen in orange-weien Trikots rudern wild, whrend das sitzende Publikum dem Rennen zusieht.
Ein Mdchen auf dem Gehweg blickt zu einem weien Van auf der Strae.
Eine Frau mit einem Herztattoo auf der Wade fhrt auf ihrem Fahrrad durch ein Kornfeld.
Ein Mann fhrt auf einem Bike ber das Land.
Eine junge Frau in Lederhosen berhrt ihren Schuh.
Ein Aktionsknstler hngt kopfber an roten Bndern.
Eine Gruppe von Personen verfolgt das Konzert einer Band, whrend eine Frau versucht, ein Foto von der Band zu machen.
Eine Frau bei einem Radrennen wird von einer Menge beobachtet.
Das Auto mit der Nummer14 hat hinter sich eine Menge Staub aufgewirbelt.
Ein kleines Kind mit einer gelben Schwimmweste trgt eine Schwimmhilfe am Strand.
Drei Amputierte in Rollsthlen tragen ein Rennen auf einer Rennstrecke aus.
Zwei Lufer haben gerade ein Bahnrennen absolviert.
Drei Bahnlufer sind kurz davor, bei einer olympischen Sportveranstaltung die Ziellinie zu berqueren.
Eine Person klettert auf den Felsen, whrend die andere die Ausrstung im Auge hat.
Ein sehr erschpft aussehender Mann befindet sich auf der Seite einer Felswand und ist bereit, die Spitze zu erklimmen.
Ein Sportler in rot-gelber Kleidung hechtet nach einem Badmintonball.
Ein Tennisspieler in einem Turnier auf den Olympischen Spielen 2012 in London hebt beim Schlag mit dem Schlgers vom Boden ab.
Ein Badmintonspieler aus China liegt ausgestreckt auf dem Badmintonfeld, mit seinem Schlger in der Nhe.
Zwei rosa gekleidete Frauen und zwei Jungen stehen vor einem Geschft und verkaufen farbenfrohe Kleidung.
Zwei kleine Kinder laufen im Wald durch hohes Gras.
Ein Matador reizt bei einem Wettkampf einen verletzten Bullen mit seinem roten Umhang.
Ein Mann singt und spielt Schlagzeug mit seiner Band.
Ein Team von Rennfahrern in einem mit Mayores geschmckten Ford fhrt eine Kurve auf einer Schotterstrae.
Ein Rennauto macht in einem Waldgebiet eine schnelle Drehung.
Ein Mann springt bei einem Basketballspiel mit dem Ball in der Hand hoch.
Ein Mann versucht bei einem Basketballspiel im Freien einen Rebound.
Ein Mann hat seine Schuhe ausgezogen, um sich auf eine Matte zu knien.
Ein Mann, der von anderen Mnnern umgeben ist, spielt ein Instrument.
Ein Mann spielt zusammen mit anderen Personen in einer Band mit letzter Kraft eine Handtrommel.
Ein Fuballspieler springt ber den Verteidiger.
Ein schwarz und ein wei gekleideter Lufer rennen bei einem Wettrennen auf der Bahn sehr dicht beieinander.
Eine junge Frau sitzt auf einem Felsen inmitten eines Sees.
Ein Mann in kunstvoller Stammeskleidung singt vor einem zartorangen Hintergrund.
Ein Junge geniet die Sonne, whrend sich Personen im Hintergrund im Meer vergngen.
Ein dunkelhutiger Mann in einem blauen Oberteil hlt sein Baby in einem blauen Tuch.
Ein junger Mann skatet in einem Vergngungspark, whrend ihm die Menge zusieht.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem Hochstuhl ist im unteren Teil seines Gesichts ber und ber mit Essen beschmiert und hat den Finger im Mund.
Eine junge Person macht einen anspruchsvollen Bike-Trick mit ausgestreckten Armen.
Der Quarterback Tim Tebow wirft einen Pass, whrend seine Mannschaft sich gegen die gegnerische Mannschaft absichert.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem blauen Kleid und mit den Schuhen in der Hand luft ber den Sand.
Eine Frau mit einem Cowgirl-Hut kniet auf dem Sattel eines Pferdes und hlt ihre Hand auf das Herz.
Drei Personen benutzen Bankautomaten der Washington Mutual.
Ein blau gekleideter Mann und eine wei gekleidete Frau tanzen, whrend ein anderes Paar im Hintergrund tanzt.
Ein Mann angelt auf einer Brcke.
Fnf Mnner sitzen an einem Picknicktisch vor einem Wald im Hintergrund.
Ein Mann surft auf einer Welle im Meer.
Ein Mitglied von KISS spielt vor einem schwarzen Hintergrund eine weie E-Gitarre.
Ein Mdchen tanzt in einem wilden Outfit.
Ein deutscher Schferhund folgt einem anderen deutschen Schferhund mit einem Stock im Maul.
Eine Frau geht mit einem Teenager einige Dinge in einem Buch durch.
Ein Person in einem roten Taucheranzug wird von einem Hubschrauber herabgelassen.
Ein Kind in einem blauen Regenmantel fhrt auf einer Asphaltstrae Fahrrad.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Trikot steht auf einem Volleyballplatz.
Ein Gokart-Fahrer biegt nach links ab.
Ein rotes Auto ist neben einem schwarzen Bullen auf einer Grasflche geparkt.
Ein Radfahrer fhrt auf einer nassen Strae um eine Ecke.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad reit in Siegerpose die Arme nach oben, als er die Ziellinie berquert.
Drei Jungen spielen mit Reifen und ein Erwachsener steht in der Nhe.
Personen spielen Wasserball, und der Ball befindet sich in der Nhe des Torhters.
Ein Skateboarder fhrt einen Stunt ber dem Vorlauf eines Fahrrads aus.
Eine Gruppe von Personen spielt im Freien Basketball, whrend im Hintergrund die Sonne untergeht.
Zwei Fechter in kompletter Ausrstung ben sich beim Sparring.
Zwei Personen, die an einem Fechtkampf teilnehmen, werden von einer dritten Person beobachtet, die auf der Tribne sitzt.
Ein Mann in einem rosa Oberteil singt in ein Mikrofon.
Eine blaue und eine weie Mannschaft greifen sich gegenseitig an, um bei diesem Spiel die Kontrolle ber den Ball zu erlangen.
Ein Schiedsrichter bereitet sich auf eine knappe Entscheidung in einem Basketballspiel vor.
Eine Musikerin in einem schwarzen Kleid lobpreist ihr Publikum, als rote Lichter aufleuchten und ihre Band spielt.
Zwei Knstler sprhen ein Wandbild an eine Betonwand.
Eine Gruppe blonder Kinder, eines davon mit einem Gewehr, posiert vor einem Haus.
Zwei Personen laufen in einem Wettrennen auf einer Bahn.
Der Sportler auf Bahn5 erzielte bei den Paralympics 2012 einen herausragenden Sieg.
Ein Profi-Rollstuhlrennen mit einem klaren Fhrer auf Bahn6
Eine Gruppe von Frauen in sehr schicker Kleidung und silbernen High Heels luft eine Strae entlang.
Drei einmalig gekleidete Frauen tanzen bei einem Umzug.
Eine asiatisch aussehende Frau splt Geschirr ber der Sple.
Ein Mann trgt ein schwarzes T-Shirt und spielt bei einem Konzert Bassgitarre.
Eine Person in einem roten Oberteil und mit einer blauen Kopfbedeckung luft auf einem Weg.
Aufgeregte Zuschauer jubeln in London dem Straenlufer zu.
Eine Ballerina posiert auf Zehenspitzen in einem groen Raum mit rotem Boden.
Ein kleines Mdchen bindet auf der Strae einem kleinen Jungen den Schuh.
Mnner spielen Instrumente und zeigen ins Publikum.
Ein hellrotes Rennauto fhrt davon.
Die Paraolympioniken, die Sdafrika in den Leichtathletikdisziplinen vertreten haben, feiern nach einem Rennen.
Auf einer Rennstrecke findet ein Autorennen statt.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Klappstuhl vor einem Autohandel, whrend andere im Hintergrund die Autos anschauen.
Zwei Mnner in Trikots wetteifern bei einem Leichtathletikwettbewerb miteinander.
Zwei Mnner fahren bei einem Rennen in gelben Kajaks.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil blickt auf Felsen und Bume.
Ein Rodeobullenreiter und ein Helfer haben bei einer Rodeoshow im Freien mehr zu tun, als sie bewltigen knnen.
Ein Paar steht an Deck eines Bootes und blickt auf das Wasser.
Ein Mann und eine Frau sitzen am Ende eines schmalen Kais, der am Wasser entlang fhrt.
Ein Mann und ein Kind in grauen Pyjamas spielen mit einer Modell-Autorennbahn.
Ein Footballspieler in einem blau-gelben Trikot hlt den Ball, ein anderer trgt ein weies Trikot.
Footballspieler inmitten eines Spiels
Eine Frau in einem roten Kleid singt, whrend ein Mann im Anzug Saxofon spielt.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner spielt Fuball.
Ein Skilufer mit blauer Hose und roter Schneebrille lenkt zurck, den Hang hinunter.
Zwei Mannschaften wetteifern beim Rollstuhl-Basketball miteinander, wobei sie in Spezialrollsthlen sitzen.
Ein Mann und ein kleines Mdchen geben sich auf dem Spielfeld die Hand.
Cheerleader formieren sich zu einer menschlichen Pyramide.
Ein Mann steht mit einer langen Stange und einer Feuerschale am ueren Ende vor zwei Elefanten.
Ein junger Footballspieler ist am Laufen.
Ein Bahnrennen mit acht mnnlichen Teilnehmern in oranger Sportkleidung.
Mutter und Tochter posieren fr ein Foto, nachdem sie eine Auszeichnung gewonnen haben.
Ein Mann in einem weien Anzug auf einer Bhne spricht mit einer kleinen Menschenmenge, die ein Autogramm haben mchte.
Jackie Chan spricht bei einer olympischen Veranstaltung zu Frauen.
Eine Gruppe von sieben Jugendlichen springt am Strand in die Luft und wirft dabei ihre Schuhe hoch.
Ein Gruppe von Radfahrern wetteifert in einem Rennen miteinander.
Zwei Mnner tragen gelbe Kleidung und ein Halstuch, um ihre Identitt zu verbergen; einer von ihnen schwebt ber dem Kopf des anderen, whrend die Menschen in einem geschftigen Einkaufszentrum zusehen.
Zwei Mnner spielen Fuball auf einem Feld.
Eine Frau nimmt einige Teller mit Essen vom Tisch.
Eine Person fhrt auf einem hellgrnen Gelndemotorrad durch Gras.
Ein Gelndemotorradfahrer mit der Nummer63 fhrt einen unbefestigten Weg entlang.
Sechs erwachsene, asiatisch aussehende Mnner lcheln von ihren Sitzen in die Kamera.
Ein Surfer in einem schwarzen Neoprenanzug reitet weit entfernt vom Ufer auf den Wellen.
Ein Mann reitet auf einer rauen zwei Meter hohen Welle den ganzen Weg bis zum Ufer.
Zwei junge Frauen umarmen sich herzlich und einander zulchelnd, wobei sich ihre Gesichter berhren.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt Football, whrend ihre Eltern zusehen.
Zwei Mannschaften spielen ein Footballspiel, die Mannschaft mit den gelben Helmen ist im Ballbesitz und stt vor.
Ein Mann holt bei einem Baseballspiel zum Schlag aus.
Ein Baseballwerfer hat soeben den Ball in einem vollen Stadion geworfen, und eine Gruppe von Fans trgt blau-grne Kleidung.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Mann auf einer Backsteinstrae, der sich um das Essen auf dem Boden kmmert
Ein Mann in einem blau-schwarzen Neoprenanzug segelt auf einem blauen Meer.
Ein Mdchen in einem roten Oberteil macht eine Blase.
Ein Teenager springt vor einem cremefarbenen Mehrfamilienhaus mit seinem Fahrrad ber eine Rampe.
Drei Mnner stehen auf einer Plattform.
Eine Gruppe von Fans in weier, gelber und grner Kleidung jubelt und klatscht fr die Mannschaft unten.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in einem Stadion sieht sich ein Sportereignis an.
Menschen bejubeln bei einem Fuballspiel im Stadion die Fuballmannschaften.
Ein Sportler auf einem Fahrrad befindet sich in einem Rennen.
Eine Szene mit einem majesttischen Pferd, einer weien Kutsche und zwei kleinen blonden Blumenmdchen, die wei gekleidet sind
Kunden begutachten bei einem Obst- und Gemsemarkt unter freiem Himmel die Produkte.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil fhrt mit seinem rechten Bein einen Hochtritt aus.
Ein Mann macht Gewichtheben mit einer Kugelhantel in einem Fitnesscenter.
Ein Bild von zwei Bikern, die Rcken an Rcken fahren, wahrscheinlich bei einem Motocross-Wettbewerb
Eine Zahnrztin mit einem lteren Patienten
Ein junges Mdchen schaukelt auf einem Schaukelgestell vor Gras und Bumen.
Ein Liveauftritt zweier Knstler
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem aufblasbaren Spielzeug in einem Pool.
Zwei Mnner in roten Oberteilen fahren auf Fahrrdern, whrend andere zusehen.
Drei Jungen spielen nichts hren, nichts sehen, nichts sagen.
Ein junges Mdchen hlt am Strand ein Boogieboard.
Ein Junge schlft nachts auf einem blau-grn gestreiften Kissen.
Ein Familie betet zu einer prunkvollen Statue.
Ein Footballspieler versucht, einen ankommenden Angreifer zu umlaufen.
Der Fahrer eines Gelndefahrzeugs lehnt sich in eine Ecke, um die Balance zu halten.
Der Fahrer eines Gelndefahrzeugs fhrt um eine Ecke, wobei er rutscht und Erde aufwirbelt, sich aber weiterhin ganz auf die vor ihm liegende Strecke konzentriert.
Ein Surfer auf einem weien Surfboard reitet auf einer Welle.
Zwei Motorradrennfahrer in voller Ausrstung fahren um eine enge Kurve auf einer Strecke.
Eine Person in roter und schwarzer Lederkleidung fhrt Motorrad.
Ein brtiger Mann in Jeans und Jacke bereitet sich darauf vor, auf dem Gehweg ein Flteninstrument zu spielen.
Sechs Mnner befinden sich in einem kanuartigen Boot auf einem ruhigen Gewsser.
Ein junger Mann geht an einem wunderschnen Sonnentag einem Sport nach, der als Wasserskilaufen bezeichnet wird.
Ein Kind in oranger Kleidung steht da und hlt Blumen.
Ein Mann mit einem Pool-Queue spielt in einem abgedunkelten Raum Poolbillard
Ein Radfahrer fhrt die Strae entlang, wobei direkt hinter ihm ein Auto folgt.
Ein Radfahrer in rot-schwarzer Rennkleidung mit einem aerodynamischen Helm fhrt eine Strae hinunter.
Eine blonde Fuballspielerin setzt zum Schuss des Balls an.
Ein Baseballspieler in wei-roter Kleidung macht sich whrend eines abendlichen Baseballspiels zum Schlag bereit.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen an einem Produktstand.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper, der eine Halskette mit einem Kreuz trgt, entfernt sich von einem braunen Backsteingebude, whrend im Hintergrund eine Kettensge zu sehen ist.
Eine Frau mit blondem Haar in einem rot-wei-blauen Cheerleader-Outfit hlt weie T-Shirts zum Verteilen.
Spielerinnen einer Mdchen-Volleyballmannschaft kauern auf dem Volleyballplatz.
Ein Rennfahrer fhrt aus dem Waldgebiet hinaus und hinterlsst eine Staubwolke.
Ein lterer Mann mit Handschuhen sitzt auf einer Party neben zwei Frauen, die im Abendkostm gekleidet sind.
Zwei Mnner waschen das Deck eines Bootes mit einem Schlauch.
Zwei Personen auf einem Felsen blicken ber das Meer.
Zwei Kinder blicken auf den Gehweg, auf dem sie stehen.
Ein Motorradfahrer fhrt eine Rennstrecke entlang, wobei keine anderen Fahrer zu sehen sind.
Junge Fans heben ihre Arme, whrend sie einer Entertainerin zuhren.
Eine asiatisch aussehende Frau mit Kopfbedeckung misst mit einer Kelle Essen aus Fssern ab und fllt es in eine kleinere Metallpfanne.
Frauen mit Kopfbedeckung verkaufen Waren.
Eine Frau sitzt an einem Marktstand mit drei langen Reihen von Produkten vor sich.
BMX-Rennfahrer fahren auf einer Rennstrecke einen steilen Berg hinab.
Ein verteidigender Footballspieler von Wisconsin sackt den UTEP-Quarterback fast noch, bevor er den Ball verliert.
Frauen beim Roller Derby befinden sich mitten in einer Runde.
Zwei Mdchen, eines in rot-schwarzer Kleidung, das andere in blau-gelber Kleidung, spielen Fuball.
Ein Mann mit einer blauen Kopfbedeckung und Jacke sieht frustriert aus.
Eine in Rosa gekleidete Frau befindet sich in einer Haltung, bei der ein Bein vom Boden gelst ist und ein Arm in die Luft zeigt.
Ein sehr kleines Kind steht neben einem Verkaufsautomaten.
Zwei Biker fahren bei einem Marathon eine Strae entlang, whrend die Zuschauer fr sie klatschen.
Wei gekleidete Cheerleader halten silberne und blaue Puschel und warten.
Zwei Frauen reden miteinander hinter eine Bar mit Flaschen und Glsern im Hintergrund.
Ein Golfspieler in einem orange Oberteil hat soeben vor einer groen Menge einen Schlag abgeschlossen.
Ein orange-blau gekleideter Mann hat gerade einen Golfball geschlagen, whrend eine Gruppe in hnlicher Kleidung zusieht.
Ein Golfspieler hat die Hnde in der Luft.
Zwei Mnner in hellblauen T-Shirts und Shorts mit weier Beschriftung und Sportstreifen scheinen zu laufen und aktiv an einem Spiel beteiligt zu sein.
Ein Mann in Rennkleidung springt mit seinem gelben Gelndefahrzeug in die Luft.
Viele Hockeyspieler sind um das Tor gruppiert, der Torhter befindet sich in der Hocke, und ein Spieler in einem rot-weiem Trikot scheint zu jubeln.
Zwei Baseballspieler versuchen, einen Ball im Auenfeld zu fangen.
Viele Radrennfahrer machen auf einer Pflasterstrae einen Endspurt, whrend die Zuschauer zusehen.
Ein Mann fhrt bei einem Rennen auf einem Fahrrad und wird von der Menge angefeuert.
Ein asiatisch aussehender Tischtennisspieler wartet kampfbegierig darauf, dass sein Gegner den Ball schlgt.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern sitzt im Freien und spielt Musik.
Zwei Personen sitzen auf einer gegen ein Gebude gelehnten Bank, auf der sich Schriftzge befinden.
Eine Gruppe von Footballspielern versucht, einen anderen Spieler zu tackeln.
Eine Aufnahme von Radfahrern bei einem Rennen, wobei der Hintergrund aufgrund ihrer Geschwindigkeit verschwommen ist.
Eine Person fhrt bei einem Rennen ein Bike.
Ein Mann in schwarzer Hose und blauer Jacke sieht einer Frau zu, die in einer braunen Jacke auf einem Hartholzboden sitzt und sechs Fernseher unterschiedlicher Gre betrachtet.
Ein junger Footballspieler sieht sich mit seinem Trainer ein Spiel an.
Drei Footballspieler und ein Schiedsrichter kauern whrend eines Spiels, whrend Erwachsene in Liegesthlen von der Seite aus zusehen.
Ein Kletterer versucht, den groen Felsen zu erklimmen.
Ein Mdchen in roten Shorts luft eine Strae entlang und kommt an einem Gebude mit vielen Grnpflanzen an den Wnden vorbei.
Eine blonde Frau auf einem Spielfeld hlt ihren Polostock in Bereitschaft.
Ein Baby in einem grnen Oberteil hlt sich an einer Schulter fest.
Eine Frau mit einer roten Bluse und Shorts steht da und blickt in weite Ferne.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einem Anzug und mit einem gebrochenen Arm luft auf einem Gehweg an einer Gruppe von Frauen vorbei.
Eine groe Gruppe von Personen in roter Kleidung spielt in einer Band.
Ein Monstertruck fliegt an einem sonnigen Nachmittag ber grasbewachsene Hgel.
Ein Mann auf einem Gelndemotorrad nimmt auf einer langen, mit Erde bedeckten Strecke eine Kurve.
Bei einem Footballspiel fllt ein Spieler der Panthers mit einem Salto nach vorn, als er nach dem Ball greift.
Der Footballspieler mit der Nummer94 tackelt einen Gegenspieler.
Ein Footballspieler springt ber zu Boden gefallene Spieler, um seinen Lauf fortzusetzen.
Ein Fuball- oder Footballspiel
Fuballspieler aus zwei Mannschaften gehen auf ein Fuballfeld, whrend Fans auf den Stadionsitzen zusehen.
Zwei Hunde kmpfen um einen Ball in einer Pftze.
Zwei Mnner in ihren 60ern spielen im Park Dame.
Eine Person in einem roten Oberteil, Khakihose und mit einer Kopfbedeckung klettert an einer Bergflanke.
Zwei Fuballmannschaften, von denen eine Mannschaft grn-weie Trikots und die andere Mannschaft schwarz-rot-weie Trikots trgt
Mehrere Mnner spielen im Freien Profifuball.
Eine Arbeiterin wird bei einem ernsten Vortrag ihres Chefs gescholten.
Eine Frau bt Hochsprung auf ihrem neuen Fahrrad.
Eine Person mit einem Helm springt auf einem Bike ber einen groen Erdhgel.
Ein junges Mdchen bei einem Karatewettkampf
Ein BMX-Gelndefahrer fliegt besonders hoch in die Luft, whrend er fr die Landung nach unten sieht.
Ein Surfer reitet auf einem groen Surfboard auf einer Welle.
Einige Personen warten in einer U-Bahnstation, whrend in der Ferne ein Zug einfhrt.
Ein Mann surft auf dem Meer.
Ein Kind mit einer Gumminudel wird von zwei Mnnern unterrichtet, die Clownsnasen tragen.
Ein lterer Mann fhrt mit seinem Mountainbike auf einem Weg.
Eine Person fhrt auf ihrem Fahrrad einen Erdhgel empor, whrend zwei andere Personen im Hintergrund zusehen.
Eine Synchronschwimmer-Mannschaft fhrt bei einem Wettkampf eine Choreografie vor.
Eine hellhutige Frau in schwarz-oranger Kleidung steht vor einem Musikstand.
Ein Orchester spielt fr ein Publikum.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fllt herunter und ber eine kleine Kante.
Das Rennauto und der Fahrer von Petronas fahren eine Rennstrecke entlang.
Ein Gitarrist und ein Schlagzeuger befinden sich inmitten eines Liveauftritts.
Ein kahlkpfiger alter Mann mit Bart spielt im Sitzen Flte.
Zwei Mdchen in weier Kleidung stehen auf einer Pflasterstrae neben einer Kutsche und zwei braunen Pferden.
Ein junger Mann auf einem Fahrrad springt die Treppen hoch.
Ein Mann mit Sandalen lehnt sich gegen einen Baum, whrend im Hintergrund andere Personen zu sehen sind.
Ein junger Mann hebt sein Skateboard auf den Kamm einer Skateboardrampe.
Drei Kinder lcheln, als sie hinter Stangen stehen und fr die Kamera posieren.
Zwei Baseballspieler in gestreiften Trikots umarmen sich.
Zwei Spieler der New York Yankees umarmen sich, whrend die Spieler um sie herum jubeln.
Ein Baseballspieler rutscht, um einen Bodenball zu fangen.
Ein Baseballspieler rutscht auf eine Base zu whrend ein Spieler der anderen Mannschaft versucht, den Ball zu fangen.
Ein Mann mit Brille raucht eine Zigarette.
Drei Spieler spielen auf einem Footballplatz, einer gehrt der einen Mannschaft, zwei gehren der anderen Mannschaft an.
Vier Personen lehnen sich gegen einen Zaun und blicken auf einen Berg.
Mnner spielen ein Spiel mit zwei wei gekleideten Mnnern auf einem anderen Mann in schwarzer Kleidung.
Die Hockeymannschaften nehmen fr das Anspiel um die Ballkontrolle die Eismitte ein.
Ein Mann sitzt auf einem Pfeiler vor einer Tr neben einem Symbol.
Ein rosa gekleidetes Mdchen und ein blau gekleideter Junge gehen einen Waldpfad entlang
Drei Mnner in Trikots bringen neun Kindern das richtige Laufen mit einem Speer bei.
Frauen proben fr einen Tanz.
Ein kleines Mdchen in blauer Kleidung klettert auf altem Holz.
Eine junge Frau mit einem blauen Tuch um ein Kopftuch sitzt in einem Museum.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil hngt das Ende seines Fahrrads an einem Baum in der Luft auf.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einer Art Rohr.
Ein Saxofonspieler schmettert in der gedmpften Beleuchtung eines rtlichen Clubs ein Lied.
Menschen gehen ber einen Markt.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Oberteil luft an einem Sonnentag.
Ein kleines Mdchen sitzt mit einer Puppe an ihrer Seite auf einer Grasflche.
Ein Mann in einer schwarz-wei karierten Jacke und weier Farbe um die Augen herum blickt in Richtung der Kamera.
Ein Mann sitzt allein, whrend er sein Make-up auflegt.
Eine Frau in Polizeiuniform reitet auf einem Pferd.
Einige Tnzer in sehr farbenfrohen Kostmen fhren in einem geschftigen Bereich eine Darbietung auf.
Ein Mann auf Ski macht auf einer Veranstaltung mit vielen Personen im Hintergrund einen Stunt.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen mit weien Oberteilen joggt.
Ein Mann in einem braunen Mantel und brauner Hose steht auf einer bevlkerten Strae und hlt ein blaues Schild ber Gott.
Amerikanische Ureinwohner fhren vor Zuschauern einen Powwow auf.
Flinke Finger fliegen ber die munteren Tasten, die diesem Yamaha-Keyboard mit originalgetreuem Klang gehren.
Eine Frau schaut zum Horizont, whrend sie nah am Ufer steht.
Zwei Schwimmer schwimmen Kopf an Kopf im Freistil auf Schwimmbahnen.
Drei Personen auf einer Bhne singen und spielen Instrumente.
Eine Frau an einem Strand im Ausland hlt ein Tablett mit Essen.
Eine Person macht Parasailing ber einem Gewsser und einem Waldgebiet.
Personen feiern in einer Aula, und ein Mdchen hlt einen Regenschirm hoch.
Ein junges Mdchen in weier Kleidung trgt einen Baseballhandschuh und bereitet sich darauf vor, einen grnen Ball zu werfen.
Eine Gruppe von Radfahrern fhrt in einem Stadtgebiet hinter einen Brunnen.
Ein Mann in rot-gelber Kleidung fhrt auf seinem Bike ber ein Feld.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Outfit trgt sein Fahrrad vor einem Schild fr die Flachetappe.
Ein Pilot steht neben dem Cockpit eines Flugzeugs mit offener Tr.
Ein Musiker mit Gitarre singt gefhlvoll mit geschlossenen Augen.
Ein Fuballspieler versucht ein Tor zu schieen.
Ein lterer Junge und ein jngeres Mdchen laufen in ihren Wintermnteln einen Gehweg entlang.
Ein Torhter beobachtet bei einem Fuballspiel das Spielgeschehen.
Zwei kleine Jungen ringen auf einer Matte miteinander.
Ein Teenager fhrt mit seinem Lieblingsfahrrad Tricks vor.
Ein Kind in roter Kleidung und mit Sandalen befindet sich auf der Ladeflche eines schmutzigen Pickups.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil spielt Tennis.
Ein Profitennisspieler gibt mit einer Rckhand einen Schlag aus dem Aus zurck.
Ein Mann fhrt einen Sprung auf seinem Bike vor.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Mantel und mit einer kleinen Schaufel in der Hand steht lchelnd neben einer Telefonzelle im Schnee.
Ein Kind steht in der Nhe eines Zauns.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einem rosa Badeanzug springt im Freien durch ein Sprinklerspielzeug.
Zwei Basketballspieler der Miami Heat fhren eine lustige Unterhaltung.
Ein Mann in einem rot-blauen Oberteil fhrt ein Motorrad und zieht eine Anhngerladung Ausrstung.
Ein Mann ohne Schuhe versucht, auf sein Rad zu steigen.
Fnf Personen laufen durch eine Allee an einer Rikscha vorbei, auf der eine Katze schlft.
Eine Gruppe von Erwachsenen spielt an einem Tisch ein Brettspiel.
Ein Mann spielt Schlagzeug und benutzt seinen Ohrhrer, um im Takt der Musik zu bleiben.
Ein Junge streichelt auf einer herbstlichen Strae eine Katze.
Drei Frauen spielen Volleyball, und zwei springen zum Blocken eines Schlags hoch.
Zwei Fuballspieler kmpfen um den Ballbesitz.
Zwei Hockeyspieler geraten aneinander, whrend sich der Schiedsrichter verzweifelt entfernt.
Ein kleines Mdchen in einer grnen Babytrage wurde auf dem Boden abgestellt.
Ein Radfahrer mit Sonnenbrille und silbernem Fahrradhelm fhrt bei einem Rennen.
Ein Mann stemmt in einem Gebude Holz aus.
Ein Surfer in einem blauen Neoprenanzug erwischt eine Welle, whrend Zuschauer im Vordergrund zusehen.
Eine Frau schaut sich etwas in ihrer Hand an.
Auf einer Rennstrecke hat sich ein unglcklicher Zwischenfall ereignet, bei dem ein Pferd gestrauchelt und gestrzt ist, wobei es den Jockey mit zu Boden riss.
Einige ltere Personen spielen ein altes Spiel.
Eine Gruppe von vier Mnnern fhrt auf einem gestreiften Boden in einem dunklen Raum eine Trommeldarbietung auf.
Wasserballschwimmer kmpfen um einen verlorenen Ball.
Ein Model posiert in einem freizgigen Oberteil vor der Kamera.
Eine Tten tragende Frau geht durch das Wasser, whrend ihr Hund folgt.
Eine kleine Frau und ein viel grerer, wie ein Clown gekleideter Mann tragen Beuteltaschen.
Arbeiter sortieren die Angelschnur.
Musiker auf einer werden von grnen Scheinwerfern angeleuchtet.
Ein brtiger Mann im Wagen beklatscht seine Fans.
Ein junger Mann in blauer Sportkleidung und ein anderer in burgunderroter Kleidung tragen einen Ringkampf aus.
Ein junges Mdchen in weier Kleidung und Flipflops hlt zwei Kfige.
Zwei Frauen posieren mit leicht erhobenen Armen auf einer Bhne mit abgedunkeltem Hintergrund.
Ein Mann mit grauem Haar trgt ein Lederoberteil und durchsucht einen Sammlerladen.
Ein Mann auf einem Fahrrad fhrt an einem Park vorbei, mit einer Gruppe von Personen im Hintergrund.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht und sitzt mit traditioneller Kleidung neben einer groen Flagge.
Im strmenden Regen zeigt ein Marathonlufer ein breites Lcheln, als er eine Gruppe von Zuschauern erreicht, whrend das Sicherungsfahrzeug hinter ihm entlangfhrt.
Zwei Lufer liefern sich ein Kopf-an-Kopf-Rennen, whrend hinter ihnen Autofahrer fahren.
Ein Mann mit der Nummer5003 luft bei einem Rennen eine Strae mit einem Haus und einer moosbedeckten Wand im Hintergrund entlang.
Ein Mann fhrt beim Extreme Biking einen Weg hinunter.
Zwei Pferde rennen die Strecke entlang, wobei Nummer vier vor Nummer fnf liegt.
Personen tanzen auf einer Party.
Ein Mann in einem grauen Oberteil nimmt zwei Kuchen aus dem Ofen.
Personen tanzen in einem Raum, in dem an einer Wand eine englische Flagge hngt.
Eine Gruppe junger Mnner und Frauen, von denen einige Getrnke halten, amsiert sich in einer Bar.
Ein Paar in rosa Kleidung tanzt bei einem Wettbewerb.
Vier Mnner amsieren sich auf Jetskis.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Kleid posiert fr ein Foto.
Zwei Mnner ringen mit freiem Oberkrper, whrend eine Art Kampfrichter oder Schiedsrichter sich einzumischen beginnt.
Einer Radfahrerin ist die Erschpfung bei einem Radrennen anzusehen.
Eine groe Gruppe miteinander wetteifernder Radfahrer fhrt eine von Bumen gesumte Strae entlang.
Ein kleines Mdchen geht am Wasser mit einem Hund Gassi.
Zwei Personen spielen Gitarre, whrend eine dritte die Trommel schlgt.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar freut sich im Kreis seiner Gste.
Knapp ber dem Boden wird Feuerwerk entzndet, whrend Personen zusehen.
Eine schwangere Frau singt auf der Bhne und hlt eine Flagge hinter sich.
Eine Frau mit der Nummer697 auf ihrem Oberteil luft bei einem Marathon.
Ein Mann in roter Schwimmbekleidung taucht ins Meer.
Ein Mann hngt kopfber an einer Gymnastikstange im Freien.
Ein Mann und eine Frau kssen sich.
Ein Gitarre spielender Mann und eine Frau mit einem Mikrofon am Mund, sitzen auf Sthlen und geben ein Konzert.
Ein frisch verheiratetes Paar schneidet die Torte an.
Ein Mann in Jeansjacke stimmt eine E-Gitarre.
Ein Grovater spielt mit seiner Familie auf einem Spielplatz.
Ein Mann macht in einer felsigen Gegend eine Yogabung, wobei er einen Baum als Sttze verwendet.
Ein schwarz gekleidetes Mdchen fhrt auf einem riesigen Einrad am Strand.
Im Meer bildet sich vor einem grauen Himmel eine niedrige Welle.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil luft.
Vier Mnner arbeiten an einem Handwerksplatz vor dem Sand und dem Strand hinter ihnen.
Au, mein Kopf, du dummes A-Loch. Pass auf, was du beim nchsten Mal tust.
Ein stehende Menschenmenge sieht sich eine musikalische Darbietung auf einer beleuchteten Bhne an.
Ein Mann steht aufrecht auf einem Motorrad.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen auf einer Parkbank. Eines schaut auf ihr Telefon, das andere blickt umher.
Eine Jungenmannschaft spielt Football.
Ein Mann mit der Nummer41 luft ber einen Platz.
Ein junger Mann steht in einer Strae und hlt einen Rucksack.
Ein junges Mdchen mit Brille und einer schwarzen Kette blst Rauch vor die Kamera.
Drei Personen, von denen eine springt, sind bei Sonnenuntergang am Strand zu sehen.
Ein Mann mittleren Alters in einer beigen Weste schlft auf einer Holzbank.
Vor einem Mdchen mit Brille und vielen Halsbndern befindet sich Rauch.
Junge Mnner spielen ein Fuballspiel, in dem ein wei gekleideter Mann den blau gekleideten Mann festhlt.
Eine Familie sitzt in einer Htte.
Das Rallyeauto von Toyota pflgt durch eine tiefe Schlammpftze auf der Rennstrecke.
Ein Mdchen spielt in der Turnhalle einer Highschool Basketball.
Eine Frau rennt im Regen ber ein Feld.
Ein Hund luft durch das Gras und trgt einen Stock im Maul.
Ein lterer Mann mit einer Trompete auf dem Scho spielt bei einem Konzert ein Tamburin.
Schler bereiten sich auf ihr Bandvorspiel vor.
Eine asiatisch aussehende Frau befindet sich mit Verpackungskisten auf einem Reisfeld.
Ein Bauarbeiter schaufelt an einem dsteren Tag Erde.
Die schwarze Mannschaft ist dabei, die Meisterschaft an die blaue Mannschaft zu verlieren.
Eine Frau in Netzstrmpfen tritt bei einem Roller Derby an.
Im Skatepark fhrt ein Mann Skateboard, einer anderer fhrt einen Roller und zwei Mnner nehmen den Skateboarder von oben und unten auf.
Zwei klassische Tnzer, ein Mann und eine Frau, geben auf der Bhne eine Darbietung.
Drei ltere Mnner und eine Frau sitzen in einem Kaffeehaus vor einer Mauer im Freien.
Ein Surfer, der von einem Boot gezogen wird, wurde von einer Welle getroffen.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Oberteil luft ber ein Feld.
Ein kleines Mdchen blickt aus dem Fenster einer Unterfhrung.
Eine Gruppe von Personen bereitet sich in ihren Kajaks auf das Rennen vor.
Ein Snger auf der Bhne versucht, das Publikum beim Konzert mit einzubeziehen.
Ein Basketballspiel, bei dem ein Spieler in schwarzer Kleidung dabei ist, einen Punkt zu erzielen, whrend er von Spielern in weien Trikots umgeben ist.
Zwei kleine Kinder spielen mit farbigen Bllen.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Weste spielt Gitarre, und ein anderer Mann spielt neben ihm ebenfalls Gitarre.
Ein Mann ist mit einem nachgemachten Ninjaanzug bekleidet.
Eine Frau mit rotem Haar und blauer Schrze sieht auf einige Papiere hinab.
Aufgeregte Mdchen versammeln sich bei einem Volleyballspiel.
Eine dunkelhutige alte Frau mit grauem Haar hlt sich an einer gelben Blume fest.
Zwei Basketballspieler springen in die Luft, als einer der beiden einen Slam Dunk machen mchte.
Gelndemotorradfahrer befinden sich in der Luft mit einer Hand am Lenker und dem Krper in der Luft.
Ein Hornspieler blst vor einer spielenden Band.
Ein Wanderer und eine Wanderin halten Ausschau ber die Berge.
Ein brtiger Mann vor einem unscharfen Hintergrund trgt eine Kopfbedeckung.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann singen in ein Mikrofon.
Jugendfuballspiel an einem Sonnentag, bei dem die Kinder umherblicken
Drei Kinder spielen auf einer weiten Grasflche mit einem Ball.
Ein Footballspieler wirft den Ball, whrend andere Footballspieler nach ihm Ausschau halten.
Ein Footballspieler luft mit dem Ball und durchbricht auf dem Weg zur Endzone einen Tackle des Verteidigers.
Eine Frau sitzt auf einem Stuhl und spielt mit einem Lcheln auf dem Gesicht Gitarre.
Ein Mann mit Schnurrbart, kariertem Oberteil und Kopfbedeckung spielt E-Gitarre, whrend er am Mikrofon steht.
Ein Junge, der ein Oberteil mit dem blauen Krmelmonster trgt, fngt ein fallendes Blatt auf.
Eine gut aussehende junge Frau hlt einen Moment inne, um an der Blume zu riechen.
Ein Mdchen mit dunklem Haar malt mit oranger Kreide an einem rosa Tisch.
Ein sitzender Mann ist von Schuhen umgeben.
Eine Person kriecht durch einen Schneetunnel.
Eine Gruppe von Kindern spielt im Bandunterricht offenbar Violine, wahrscheinlich in einer Schule.
Zwei Ringer kmpfen miteinander, und der blau gekleidete Ringer ist im Vorteil.
Drei ltere Frauen haben ihre Mahlzeit in einem Restaurant beendet und hren jemandem zu, der erzhlt.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht in einem Restaurant.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen in blau-schwarzen Banduniformen mit hellgrnen und roten Federn an den Hten luft durch eine Menge.
Zwei blau gekleidete Kinder reiten auf Pferden.
Ein Junge in blauen Shorts trgt einen Eimer zum Strand.
Ein Mann in einem weiem Sweatshirt steht ber einem offenen Grill.
Ein Mann schneidet berstehendes Lachsfleisch ab, sodass es bequem auf ein hlzernes Grillgitter passt.
Zwei Frauen, eine davon mit rotem Haar, stehen vor einem Laden.
Eine Frau, die an einem Staffellauf teilnimmt, luft barfu durch etwas Wasser.
Eine Handvoll Bauarbeiter bauen in einem Graben eine Wand.
Eine Katze beobachtet die Bewegungen eines jungen Mdchens, das mit einem Spielzeug-Flugzeug spielt.
Downhill-Skater tragen Polster, um sich beim Fallen zu schtzen.
Mehrere Mnner unterschiedlichen Alters auf Skateboards halten sich an einem Auto fest.
Lufer laufen bei einem Marathon durch knietiefes Wasser.
Spaziergnger auf einer Uferpromenade aus Beton unter einem blauen Himmel
Eine Frau schneidet mit einer Schere.
Eine groe Gruppe junger Frauen in Laufhosen wartet an der Startlinie auf das Rennen.
Eine Gruppe von Langstreckenlufern wetteifert bei einem Wettkampf.
Ein Basketballspieler holt zum Wurf aus, whrend sein Gegner verteidigt.
Ein Mdchen luft mit einem Basketball, whrend ein anderes versucht, ihm den Ball abzujagen.
Ein erfahrener Surfer greift nach der Spitze seines Boards, als er auf einer Welle reitet.
Ein lchelndes junges Mdchen mit einer Kopfbedeckung ist ber ein Feld gekrochen.
Eine Fuballmannschaft in gelb-schwarzen Trikots posiert fr ein Bild auf dem Platz.
Ein schwarzweier Hund folgt einigen gefleckten Gnsen.
Einige Autos und viele Zelte befinden sich am Fu eines Berges.
Ein Junge luft vor Wellen hinter ihm mit einem Netz durch das Wasser.
Ein braun-weier Hund mit einem Frisbee im Maul liegt auf dem Rcken eines Mannes.
Personen laufen in einem Bereich mit blauen Sesseln und einem groen Fernseher umher.
Eine Gruppe von Personen sitzt auf einem Sofa und umarmt einander.
Ein junges Paar sitzt lchelnd auf einem schwarzen Stuhl.
Ein Mann und eine Frau nippen in zwei Ledersthlen Getrnke.
Personen amsieren sich auf einer Party.
Eine Frau, die vier Finger hochhlt, hat die Aufmerksamkeit des jungen Mannes im blauen Oberteil.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke steht vor Bananenstauden.
Eine Gruppe von Personen schwimmt in einem Fluss oder in einem kleinen Gewsser.
Ein Kind planscht im Meer.
Drei Mdchen, die das gleiche rosa Kleid tragen, stehen am Strand und blicken auf das Meer.
Ortsansssige Kinder spielen vor einer Menschenmenge Tauziehen.
Ein Mann in einem grnen Oberteil geniet eine Mahlzeit und ein Getrnk.
Ein Mdchen in einem blau-rosa Badeanzug springt in einen Pool.
Eine junge Frau sitzt auf einer Bank und schlt Garnelen ber ihrem Teller, whrend der Junge neben ihr seine Mahlzeit unterbricht.
Eine Gruppe von Soldaten einer militrischen Untersttzungstruppe sitzt in einem Raum und fllt Papiere aus.
Ein lchelndes Kind schaukelt auf einer Schaukel.
Ein Profi-Baseballspiel, an dem die Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim teilnehmen
Eine Frau ist dabei, beim Beachvolleyball den Ball zu schlagen, whrend im Hintergrund Zuschauer zusehen.
Eine Frau mit schwarzem Haar grillt Garnelen.
Ein Arbeiter, dessen Gesicht durch den Dampf eines Ofens verdeckt wird
Ein Mann in weier Kleidung reinigt eine gekachelte Flche.
Ein Vorbeilaufender prft, was sich unter den Deckeln der Kocher auf dem Tisch verbirgt.
Ein Mann gibt vor einer Menge im Freien eine Darbietung mit Feuerstben.
Ein kleines Kind hngt kopfber an der Schulter eines Erwachsenen.
Personen besuchen eine Veranstaltung im Park.
Ein Skilufer in einer braunen Jacke fhrt einen Trick im Schnee vor.
Zwei Kinder befinden sich mit dem Hund in einem abgeschlossenen Hundekrbchen.
Ein kleiner Junge in der Badewanne spuckt Wasser.
Eine Frau und ein Kind genieen den Ausblick vom Ufer des Sees.
Zwei Mnner sitzen zusammen in einem Raum.
Ein Kind fhrt auf einem Skateboard die Strae entlang.
Ein Junge mit einer groen Kopfbedeckung versucht, eine Frisbee zu erhaschen.
Zwei Mnner werfen Hufeisen.
Ein junges Mdchen in roter Hose spielt in der Nhe eines Brunnens.
Ein Junge fhrt auf einem Wagen an zwei Autos von 1950 vorbei.
Ein junger Mann auf einem Skateboard fhrt auf einem gepflasterten Hgel einen Trick aus.
Zwei Mnner werden eingekleidet, einer von ihnen befestigt seine Krawatte.
Ein Schler sitzt in einem Klassenraum, whrend ein grn gekleideter Lehrer unterrichtet.
Ein Mann im Vordergrund trainiert an einer Kraftmaschine, eine Frau im Hintergrund auf einem Laufband.
Ein Mann mit weiem Haar, langem Trenchcoat und einem Regenschirm luft an einer Parkuhr vorbei.
Eine Frau hlt einen Regenschirm und luft die Strae entlang.
Mehrere Personen, darunter ein Mann in einem rosa und schwarz gestreiften Oberteil, der ein Foto von etwas auerhalb des Sichtfelds der Kamera aufnimmt, befinden sich in einem Stadtpark.
Ein Schferhund treibt eine Herde Schafe zusammen.
Ein kleines Kind amsiert sich beim Spielen mit einem Ball.
Ein kleines Kind in einem roten Oberteil steht in der Mitte einer Strae.
Zwei Mnner in grauen Tanktops und Khakihosen stehen auf einem Gerst auerhalb eines Backsteingebudes.
Ein Junge spielt mit einem anderen Jungen auf dem Spielplatz.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem orangen Pullover und mit Sonnenbrille spielt am Strand.
Ein Junge in einem karierten Oberteil benutzt am Strand eine Schaufel.
Eine Person steht auf dem Kamm einer groen, sich wlzenden Sanddne.
Arbeiter legen Leinentcher in gefrbtes Wasser.
Ein Thaiboxer bt zum Aufwrmen vor dem Kampf einen Beinhochtritt.
Ein Militrarzt bergibt ein kleines Kind an seinen Vater.
Ein Mann spricht an einer Straenecke mit einer Frau, die Knchelturnschuhe mit rosa Schnrsenkeln trgt.
Ein kleiner Junge betrachtet Spuren im Schnee.
Ein Mann mit Bart und Sonnenbrille spielt Trommel.
Einige Personen fahren mit einem Flo einen Wildwasserfluss hinunter.
Zwei kleine Mdchen liegen neben einem aus Holzkltzen bestehenden O auf einem Teppich.
Ein Traktor versucht, einen anderen abzuschleppen.
Eine Frau und ein kleines Mdchen spielen unter Wasserrutschen mit einem Ball im Pool.
Ein Mann sammelt Kokosnsse aus der Krone eines Baumes.
Ein muskulser Mann sitzt auf dem Boden und halbiert mit einer Machete Frchte.
Ein Junge in roter Badehose springt in einen Pool.
Ein Mann in einem blau karierten Oberteil schlft mit Autoschlsseln auf dem Scho in einem Liegestuhl.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung verkauft Sonnenbrillen im Freien.
Eine Gruppe von Personen steht an einer Haltestelle des ffentlichen Personennahverkehrs, zwei Personen im Vordergrund lesen Zeitung.
Ein Menschenmenge befindet sich auf einem jdischen Fest.
Ein bergewichtiger Mann und eine Frau laufen auf einer Strae an einem Kaffee- und Teeladen vorber.
Ein Cowgirl reitet auf einem Pferd und jagt einen braunen Bullen.
Eine Frau mit einem Cowboy-Hut auf einem Pferd jagt ein Kalb durch die erdige Manege.
Ein Hund schwimmt im Wasser.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit einer Spitzhacke an einer Erdkonstruktion.
Ein Mann mit einem Winterkopfbedeckung tpfert.
Ein Mann mit schwarzer Kopfbedeckung und blauer Jacke hlt einen Hammer.
Ein Mann in einem orangen Oberteil arbeitet in einem Erdloch.
Eine Frau in einem langen braunen Mantel versucht, Besen an zwei Mnner zu verkaufen.
Zwei Mnner sind damit beschftigt, in ihrem Laden Kunsthandwerk herzustellen.
Ein Mann mit freiem Oberkrper sitzt auf dem Boden und hlt Obst.
Zwei schwarze Hunde spielen mit einem orangen Gegenstand und rennen ber einen Rasen.
Mehrere Personen treffen sich, um Dudelsack zu spielen und zu essen.
Ein Mann in einem Kaufhaus steht neben einer Vielzahl von Sigkeiten.
Ein Mann mit Kopfhrern arbeitet in einem schwach beleuchteten Freiluftraum.
Eine Frau sitzt auf der Kante von Baumstmmen in einem ruhig gelegenen Reisfeld.
Ein Mann zeigt einem Jungen, wie die Straen einer asiatischen Stadt gefegt werden.
Zwei Mnner schreien auf einem Markt eine Frau an.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen langrmligen T-Shirt ist entzckt, Essen zu probieren, das auf einem Kaffeetisch angerichtet wurde.
Eine junge blonde Frau taucht ihre Fe in einen Brunnen.
Ein Fabrikarbeiter blickt intensiv in die auf ihn gerichtete Kamera.
Ein Mann mit einer roten Kopfbedeckung beugt sich nach vorn.
Zwei Jungen mit blondem Haar und gestreiften Oberteilen befinden sich auf einem Bett.
Mehrere Kinder erklimmen groe Steine in einem Park.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit Halsband springt mit einem Stock im Maul nach oben.
Ein asiatischer Straenhandwerker stellt Gegenstnde fr den Verkauf her.
Drei Mnner vertuen eine groes Boot am Kai.
Ein Tierpfleger ist mit einem weien Tiger beschftigt.
Ein Junge in dunkler Kleidung liegt auf einem roten Teppich am Eingang eines Zelts.
Ein kleiner Junge spielt mit einem aufblasbaren Spielzeug.
Drei Personen in einem Raum, von denen eine Frau in einem schwarzen Oberteil und Halstuch ein Getrnk in der Hand hlt.
Ein Mann in einem gelben Oberteil begutachtet im Schmuckgeschft Juwelen.
Ein Mann mit weiem Oberteil und blauer Hose kocht aus Gemse eine gesunde Mahlzeit.
Ein Pizzabcker konzentriert sich auf etwas.
Eine Frau liest an einem blauen Tisch die Hand einer anderen Frau.
Eine dunkelhaarige Frau bringt eine Binde an einer Zigarre an.
Zwei Frauen machen das Essen zum Servieren fertig.
Ein Familie posiert mit SpongeBob-Schwammkopf.
Personen gehen ber einen offenen Markt, whrend sich eine ltere Frau an einen gekhlten Behlter mit Meeresfrchten lehnt.
Ein Bauarbeiter balanciert auf einem Gerst.
Ein Mann arbeitet mit einem kleinen, dnnen Werkzeug an der Dekoration eines Kuchens, mithilfe dessen er komplizierte Formen und Designs erschaffen kann.
Ein brtiger Mann steht in Arbeitskleidung auf einem Markt fr Meeresfrchte.
Eine Frau mit einem Haardutt, einem Tanktop und Khakihosen schaut in ein helles Licht.
Ein Reporter spricht mit einer Frau vor Zuschauern.
Ein Zugfhrer mit Arbeitskleidung und blauer Kopfbedeckung steht auerhalb des Wagens einer Lokomotive.
Ein Fensterputzer hlt beim Trocknen des Fenster das Gleichgewicht.
Ein Herr in einem burgunderroten langrmligen Oberteil steht an einem Obststand und verkauft Wassermelone.
Eine sehr glcklich aussehende junge Frau bereitet einen Snack zu.
Ein Mann blttert durch sein Sammelalbum und bewundert die Erinnerungen an seine Reisen nach China.
Zwei Mnner auf einer Hebebhne bringen die Reklametafel einer Frau an.
Drei Frauen und ein Mann sind in New York als nackter Cowboy gekleidet.
Ein kleiner Junge in blauer Kleidung macht Fahrradsprnge.
Ein junges Mdchen im Bikini steht mit ber der Brust verschrnkten Armen im hohen Gras vor einem Gewsser.
Zwei Mnner stehlen bei einem Rodeo Pferde.
Ein Mann mit einem Cowboyhut reitet auf einem Bronco, whrend ihm ein anderer Mann im weien Oberteil zu Hilfe kommt.
Eine Frau mit Einkaufswagen ist von Spielzeug in Hlle und Flle sowie verschiedenen Kinderfahrrdern umgeben.
Vier Kinder sitzen auf Sthlen und schauen Fernsehen.
Zwei Mnner essen in einer Cafeteria.
Vier dicht gedrngte junge Mnner halten Tassen und Essen.
Zwei Personen gehen an einem Industriegebude vorbei.
Straenverkufer mit Nescaf-Wagen reden miteinander an einer Straenecke mit Weihnachtsbumen.
Zwei Frauen verkaufen auf der Strae Frchte und andere Produkte.
Ein Wartungsarbeiter auf Hnden und Knien reinigt einen Abflussgraben.
Ein Mann liegt mit seinem Kopf und geschlossenen Augen auf einem Tisch.
Eine Gruppe von Personen laufen mit Krben und Teppichen in der Hand.
Ein brtiger Mann sitzt an einem Busfenster.
Eine Gruppe von Bildern in Rahmen ist mit farbenfrohen Blumen arrangiert, die vor ihnen platziert wurden.
Ein Mdchen in einem weien Oberteil und Rock spielt Tennis.
Ein Mann saugt einen Teppich, whrend ein Kleinkind neben ihm einen Spielzeug-Staubsauger hin- und herschiebt.
Ein Junge wirft aufgeregt einen Basketball.
Eine Menge sieht zu, wie mehrere Frauen an einem Seil ziehen, die vielleicht Tauziehen spielen.
Zwei Kinder spielen auf einem Teich Eishockey.
Ein Mann mit goldblondem Haar unterhlt sich mit einem rothaarigen Mann ber ihm.
Zwei Frauen kmmern sich um einige Tiere.
Zwei Mnner fahren einen Weg an einem Flussufer entlang.
Ein Mann bereitet ein Heigetrnk zu.
Ein Mann mit behaarten Armen und einer Uhr giet Milchschaum in eine Kaffeetasse, wodurch an der Oberflche bunte Wellen entstehen.
Ein Kajakfahrer paddelt, der andere befindet sich im Wasser.
Opa zeigt, wie die groe gelbe Bohrmaschine funktioniert, sodass der Junge wei, wie er mit der orangen Spielzeug-Bohrmaschine umgehen muss.
Ein junges asiatisch aussehendes Mdchen mit einem weien Spitzenhut
Eine Lehrerin und ihre Schler tragen im Klassenraum Winterjacken.
Ein Knstler zeigt bei einer Show sein Knnen.
Ein Mann sitzt neben einem Bndel Material und nht.
Ein alter Mann steht neben einem Schraubstock.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil und ein junges Mdchen in einem violetten Oberteil befinden sich in einem trockenen, felsigen Gebiet.
Glcklich probiert eine junge Frau ihre neue, bergroe Seilschaukel aus.
Ein Mann mit einer farbenfrohen Kopfbedeckung sitzt neben einer Vielzahl von Werkzeugen.
Ein Mann denkt beim Umgestalten seines Raums ber den nchsten Schritt nach.
Ein Mann mit einer langen braunen Kopfbedeckung trommelt auf einer schwarzen Metallschssel.
Eine Frau spielt fr zwei kleine Kinder Gitarre.
Ein Mann liest seinem Sohn vor, whrend die Mutter mit dem anderen Kind Zeit auf dem Sofa verbringt.
Eine Frau in einer rosa Tinkerbell-Jacke lehnt an einem Gelnder.
Zwei ltere Rentner sehen zu, wie ein kleiner Junge herumtollt und spielt.
Ein rot-gelb gekleideter Clown hlt etwas an seinen Mund.
Ein Mann mit einem breitkrempigen Hut schlft gegen eine Sule gelehnt.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sind in einem Aufnahmestudio.
Ein schwarzer Hund steht auf einem braunen Hund im Gras.
Viele Personen sitzen oder stehen um den Brunnen in der Nhe der Space Needle herum.
Ein Mdchen in einem grn karierten Oberteil springt in die Luft.
Ein Mann klettert auf einen Berg.
Ein Junge mit einer gelben Schwimmweste springt auf etwas Gelbes auerhalb des Bildes.
Fnf Bauarbeiter errichten die Wand eines grauen Gebudes.
Zwei Frauen essen aus mehreren weien Schsseln.
Ein Mann mit einem Rucksack springt von einem Pier.
Ein Mann in einem gelbem Oberteil und Shorts jongliert mit Messern.
Ein Hund springt auf dem Rasen.
Eine Frau in einem roten Oberteil hlt einen Becher aromatisiertes Eis.
Frauen im Kostm stehen auf einer Bhne.
Zwei junge Mnner arbeiten an einem Grill, bereiten Essen auf Spieen zu und servieren es.
Zwei Frauen und ein Junge sitzen.
Ein Mann sitzt in einem Holzzimmer allein auf einem Sofa.
Ein Mann mit Strohhut malt.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern befindet sich an Stufen, die zu einem groen Gewsser fhren.
Eine Braut lacht, als ein lterer Mann ins Mikrofon spricht.
Zwei Frauen im Bikini spielen am Strand Tischtennis, whrend eine andere Frau in einem Handtuch zusieht.
Ein weier Hund luft am Strand entlang.
Zwei Aurora-Feuerwehrleute reden vor einer Fassade miteinander.
Ein verheiratetes ethnisches Paar feiert mit Freunden.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem grau-braunen Sweatshirt versucht, einen grnen Ballon ber sich zu fangen.
Mehrere Kinder sitzen um einen Tisch mit einer hellblauen Tischdecke.
Mehrere Frauen in rosa Kleidung und andere Personen laufen die Strae entlang.
Ein Mann und eine Frau stehen in einem Feld.
Ein Mann in einer Menge hlt eine Kameraausrstung, als ob er ein Bild aufnehmen mchte.
Eine ltere Frau verkauft an einer Straenecke Reis.
Personen befinden sich in einer Kche, zwei von ihnen sitzen am Kchentisch.
Ein DJ mischt Musik, whrend Mdchen hinter ihm tanzen.
Eine Frau in einem Tanktop sitzt an einem Tisch und strickt, mit einer Flasche irgendeines Getrnks neben sich stehend.
Zwei Frauen ziehen einen anderen Mantel an.
Eine Frau entspannt sich in einer Heilquelle im Freien, die von majesttischen Bergen und weit geffneten Wstenfeldern umgeben ist.
Ein Mdchen legt den Vogel in den Schnee und isst ihn spter.
Eine Person hngt an einem Sicherungsseil und klettert eine groe Felswand hinab.
Ein Mann mit einem gelben Armband schneidet einen Kuchen an.
Zwei Mnner sitzen im Wartebereich eines Flughafens und schreiben in Notizbcher.
Ein Mdchen taucht seine Nase unter Wasser.
Eine Frau mit grauer langer Hose, blauem Oberteil und Turnschuhen sitzt in einem Stuhl und schreibt auf einen Block.
Zwei junge Mnner spielen in traditioneller Mariachi-Kleidung Trompete.
Drei Personen mit blonden Percken und schwarzer Kleidung singen in Mikrofone.
Ein Mann geht mit einem kleinen Kind drauen spazieren.
Ein Mann und ein kleiner Junge schlafen in einem Stuhl.
Eine Gruppe von Personen besucht ein Fest.
Eine Gruppe von Personen fhrt mit dem Fahrrad auf einer Strae in der Stadt.
Eine in der Luft befindliche Person macht eine Rolle rckwrts.
Ein Hund springt mit offenem Maul auf die Hinterbeine.
Ein Mann in einem blauen Oberteil zerkleinert Holz.
Ein Junge in einer schwarzen Badehose spielt am Wasser.
Eine Frau spricht in einem groen Gebudekomplex in ihr Handy.
Ein Mann in einem roten Oberteil klettert an der Seite eines Berges.
Ein Bruder und eine Schwester halten beim Karatetraining einen Moment inne, um zu kichern und sich zu amsieren.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen ben auf einer blauen Matte Kampfsport.
Zwei Erwachsene spielen auf dem Schaukelgestell eines Kindes.
Ein Mann auf einem Boot hlt einen groen Fisch.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern nimmt Hausreparaturen vor.
Ein Mann mit einer schwarzen Kopfbedeckung steht neben einer schwarzen Stange.
Feuerwehrleute lschen ein Feuer.
Die Blechblser eines Orchesters, grtenteils im Schulalter, spielen ein Stck.
Drei Kinder klettern auf einen Viehzaun.
Ein Mann mit Brille und einem langrmligen grnen Oberteil bewundert einen Komodowaran.
Ein Kleinkind versucht, aus zwei Trinkbechern zu trinken.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil und blau-weier Hose geht spazieren.
Ein Hund luft durch ein Feld und jagt einem Ball hinterher.
Ein Junge zieht einen anderen Jungen mit einer albernen Kopfbedeckung in einem Radioflyer-Wagen.
Ein Kind schwimmt mit einem Spielzeug in der Hand unter Wasser.
Eine Frau knetet mit bloen Hnden in ihrer Kche Teig.
Ein Mann giet Backteig aus einer silbernen Schssel.
Ein Mann fotografiert etwas auf der rechten Seite auerhalb des Bildes.
Eine Frau luft am Strand einem Kind hinterher.
Ein Mann klettert auf einen sehr groen Felsen.
Ein einsames Boot liegt im Wasser.
Ein Mann in einem braunen T-Shirt und blauen Jeans steht vor einem Chanel-Geschft und hlt ein Walkie-Talkie.
Ein Mann bereitet auf einem Grill im Freien Essen zu.
Ein lterer Mann steht allein in Anzug und Krawatte vor einem Geschft.
Drei kleine Jungen mit Netzen halten nach Insekten Ausschau, die sie fangen knnen.
Im Vordergrund singt ein Mann und spielt Gitarre, im Hintergrund spielt ein Schlagzeuger in einem weien Oberteil.
Ein kleines Mdchen luft am Strand durch die Brandung.
Asiatisch aussehende Schulkinder sitzen einander auf den Schultern.
Ein Mann in einem bunten Lederoberteil schneidet Essen.
Ein Mann mit Brille sitzt an einem Tisch mit einem Telefon und ein paar Papieren.
Ein Mann macht in einem seichten Fluss inmitten der Felsen Pause.
Ein Fischer steht auf einigen Felsen am Meer und wird von der Sonne angeschienen, die nah am Horizont steht.
Ein Baseballspieler blickt in die Menge im Stadion.
Ein Tourist luft mit der Kamera in der Hand eine Strae entlang und sucht nach etwas, das es wert ist, fotografiert zu werden.
Sieben Erwachsene sitzen um eine Feuergrube herum und reden miteinander.
Ein Junge springt ber eine blaue Schlauchleitung, whrend ein kleines Mdchen zusieht.
Ein kleiner Hund an der Leine wird von einem anderen Tier beschnffelt.
Eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil und mit Brille bemalt eine weie Wand grn.
Ein Junge mit roten Crocs klettert auf einen Baum.
Ein Mdchen in einem orangen Oberteil hlt sich an Stangen fest und blickt nach unten.
Ein Raum voller Menschen, die an runden Tischen zu Abend essen
Ein Mann mit Brille und weiem Frackhemd sitzt beim Abendessen an der Seite anderer Frauen und Mnner.
Eine Frau kniet nah beim Wasser nieder.
Ein Junge steht unter einem Dach aus Palmwedeln hinter einem gewebten Teppich.
Ein Mann spielt bei einem Livekonzert E-Gitarre.
Ein Mann in blauen Jeans und mit schwarzem Oberteil hat die Hand in der Tasche.
Ein junges Mdchen schiebt ein Spielzeug, whrend ihre Zwillingsschwester zusieht.
Zwei Mnner und eine Frau sitzen an einem Tisch und essen ein Dessert.
Ein Mann mht mit einem Rasenmher das Gras.
Ein gelber Hund trinkt Wasser aus einer Flasche.
Ein Mdchen schwimmt in einem See unter Wasser.
Ein Junge in einem hellblauen T-Shirt und roten Shorts luft vorwrts, als er hinter sich einen Baseballschlger schwingt.
Personen fahren mit dem Adobe-Gebude im Hintergrund Schlittschuh und spazieren ber eine gefrorene Flche.
Ein Mann in einer schwarzen Jacke und blauen Jeans hlt einen groen Strau Rosen und luft den Gehweg hinunter.
Zwei Mdchen sitzen neben einem Fluss unter einem Baum.
Irgendwo in einer heien Wste laufen ein paar Personen umher, whrend andere zu Pferd unterwegs sind.
Ein Junge steht auf dem Gehweg, whrend ein Mann im Hintergrund eine Tasche hochhebt.
Ein kleiner Hund springt in einen See.
Ein Mann und ein Junge singen zusammen mit Mikrofonen.
Ein Mann in Jeans und einem violetten Oberteil arbeitet hart, um einen Stapel aufzuschichten.
Eisskulpturen gewinnen in Alaska eine vllig neue Bedeutung.
Ein Mann luft vor der Silhouette der Stadt an Bumen vorbei.
Ein Welpe spielt mit einem Tennisball.
Ein Mann in einem schwarzen Oberteil geniet einen Snack, whrend eine Frau in einem weien Oberteil verwirrt aussieht.
Ein junger Mann sitzt und streichelt seinen Hund.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht unter einer Flagge mit einem Symbol darauf.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen bereitet einen Heiluftballon fr den Flug vor.
Eine Person in schwarzer Jacke steht in der Mitte der Strae.
Ein Mann in einem karierten Oberteil, cremefarbener Kleidung und Tennisschuhen sitzt auf einer Bank.
Eine Frau mit Brille ist dabei, einen groen Bissen von einem riesigen Keks zu nehmen.
Ein Junge posiert fr ein Foto am Strand.
Ein Kind mit Kopfbedeckung hlt eine Angelrute.
Ein Mann in Sportkleidung untersucht ein schwarz-rotes Fahrrad.
Zwei Mnner reinigen unter blauem Himmel die Umgebung eines Gebudes.
Ein kleines Baby sitzt auf einem Bett und lchelt.
Ein Mdchen in blauer Turnkleidung springt und macht Spagat.
Ein Mann mit Angleroverall befindet sich im Wasser.
Ein junges blondes Mdchen steht drauen und blst Blasen.
Ein einsamer Skilufer wandert durch den Schnee.
Eine Blaskapelle in rot-weier Kleidung
Eine Frau klettert eine Felswand hinauf.
Eine Frau mit Kopfbedeckung verkauft etwas an eine ltere Frau mit weiem Haar.
Drei Jungen spielen vor einer dekorativen Wand auerhalb eines Gebudes.
Ein Mann in blauen Jeans und ein kleiner Junge in einem braunen Oberteil spielen hinter dem Haus.
Ein Grabenbagger grbt in der Dmmerung Erde aus.
Eine Frau zieht einen Wagen mit einem kleinen Mdchen darin ber einen gefrorenen See.
Ein brtiger Mann in einem Ledermantel und mit Hut
Ein Mdchen sitzt vor einem Teller mit Essen an einem Tisch.
Eine ltere Frau dreht sich um und schreit.
Gleich gekleidete Kinder spielen auf einem steinigen Platz vor einem Gebude Fuball.
Eine dunkelhutige Frau mit einer Kopfbedeckung wiegt Obst und Gemse.
Mehrere Kunden stehen im Regen, um Snacks bei einem Straenverkufer zu kaufen.
Ein Junge und ein Hund stehen auf einem Kai und sehen einem anderen Hund zu.
Ein Mann mit Brille und Halstuch, das seinen Mund verdeckt, blickt aus dem Fenster.
Eine Person sitzt unter einem violetten Regenschirm am Strand.
Ein kleines Kind steht vor einem Spiegel und hat Schwierigkeiten, seine rote Jacke auszuziehen.
Mdchen im Badeanzug halten sich an den Hnden und springen ins Wasser.
Ein Junge in einem gelben Oberteil spielt mit einigen Arbeitsgerten.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit aufblasbaren Schwimmflgeln springt in den Pool.
Ein schwarzer Hund mit einem roten Halsband hat einen Gegenstand im Maul und klettert aus einem Pool.
Ein Mann sitzt vor einem Geldautomaten, whrend ein anderer Mann den Automaten benutzt.
Ein Mann mit einer weien Kopfbedeckung sitzt an einem Tisch und hrt einem Mann zu, der singt und Gitarre spielt.
Eine Gruppe alter Mnner versammelt sich um ein Auto.
Eine Frau schert ein Schaf auf dem Rcken vor einer roten Mauer.
Eine Frau in einem Pullover berhrt ein Schaf.
Eine braunhaarige Frau sammelt kniend Wolle von einer schwarzen Plane auf.
Ein Mann in einem rotem Oberteil klettert auf eine Felsenklippe.
Eine blau gekleidete Frau wirft ein kleines Kind in einen Pool.
Ein Mann sitzt neben Bchern auf einem Stuhl und schlft.
Ein Mann in einer Lederjacke und blauen Jeans sitzt und blickt auf das Papier.
Eine Berglandschaft
Ein junges Mdchen in einer rosa Jacke fhrt eine Gepcktasche mit Rollen mit.
Ein Mann mit Kopfbedeckung luft ber einen Parkplatz.
Zwei Personen machen ihre Arbeit gut und geben vor dem Publikum an.
Menschen gehen in einem Park verschiedenen Aktivitten nach.
Ein Junge in einem gelbem T-Shirt spielt mit einem Spielzeug, das einem Staubsaugerschlauch hnelt.
Eine groe Menschenmenge sieht einer Art Spiel zu.
Ein Beagle luft neben Wellen am Strand entlang.
Eine Frau in einem rosa Tanktop hlt einen Becher mit einer Flssigkeit.
Eine Frau mit weier Schrze arbeitet in einer Weinbar.
Eine Frau fhrt eine dreckige Handarbeit an Holz aus.
Ein Lufer mit einem grnen Schuh und einem weien Schuh luft bergauf.
Ein Mann in einer Lederjacke singt in ein Mikrofon.
Ein Junge leckt einem lteren Mann das Gesicht ab, das mit einer blau-gelben, sahnigen Substanz bedeckt ist.
Ein Mann fhrt mit seinem Bike auf einem Weg.
Zwei Mnner sitzen vor einem Steindenkmal zwischen schneebedeckten Gipfeln.
Zwei Mnner fahren in der schneebedeckten Landschaft Fahrrad.
Ein Mann auf einer Radwanderung hoch oben in den Bergen
Ein Mann auf einem Bike befindet sich auf einem Kieshgel.
Vier Personen in einem Warteraum schauen sich etwas an der Wand an.
Zwei Hunde balgen sich auf einem Feld.
Ein Wanderer berquert eine Hngebrcke, die ber eine breite, ausgetrocknete Schlucht fhrt.
Ein Mann macht im Zug ein Nickerchen.
Ein Mann mit Wanderschuhen, Shorts, blauer Jacke und einem breitkrempigen Hut luft durch eine Gegend mit Kiefern.
Ein junger Mann steht auf einer Terrasse.
Sonnenstrahlen scheinen auf ein grnes Zelt im Wald herab.
Ein Mann und eine Frau nehmen im Pool eine akrobatische Pose ein.
Ein Mann mit einer Kopfbedeckung bemalt einen Holzzaun im Freien.
Ein Jahrmarkt in Texas mit vielen Menschen
Ein kleiner blonder Junge sitzt am Ende eines Kais und hlt eine Angelrute in das Wasser.
In einem Backsteingebude versammelte Paare steigen Stufen hinab.
Eine Frau in Wei und ein Mann im schwarzen Anzug schneiden zusammen Kuchen an.
Ein Vater luft mit seinem Sohn ber den Rasen vor dem Haus.
Ein Mann in einem weien Oberteil schminkt sich wie eine Geisha.
Ein sehr schmutziger blonder kleiner Junge spielt im Schlamm.
Eine Mannschaft in gelben, roten und blauen Trikots sitzt an einer Strae und sieht einem Tigermaskottchen zu.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem Tutu tanzt in einem groen Raum.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen mit hellblauen Oberteilen und dunkelblauen Hosen bewegt sich gemeinsam umher.
Ein kleiner Junge in einem weien Oberteil schiebt einen grauen Einkaufswagen.
Eine Frau mit einem schwarzen Portemonnaie wartet an einer orangen Bushaltestelle.
Ein Esszimmer voller essender Menschen und ein Kellner, der sie bedient
Zwei Mnner versuchen, diesen sehr groen, aufblasbaren Golfball zu bewegen.
Ein Kind spielt im Gras mit einem Spielzeug.
Ein Mann in roter Badehose fliegt mit einem Boogieboard durch die Luft.
Eine Gruppe Jugendlicher unterhlt sich lachend.
Zwei Frauen und ein Mann sitzen in einem sportlichen roten Cabrio vor einer groen Gruppe von Menschen auf dem Gehweg.
Eine Frau schlft allein in einem Bett.
Zwei Rohrschlosser schweien eine Fuge an der Verbindung einer groen Kupplung.
Ein Mann hlt ein Baby in der Nhe einer Schiebude.
Ein Mann lchelt in die Kamera und hlt einen dekorativen Teller und einen Fllfederhalter hoch.
Ein Paar ksst sich am Ende der Stufen auf einem Gehweg.
Vier junge Erwachsene mit zwei Mikrofonen schneiden Grimassen in die Kamera.
Ein Hund springt in der Nhe eines Motorboots ins Wasser.
Zwei Jungen klettern auf eine Holzplattform und springen in einen Fluss.
Ein junges Mdchen in einem zweiteiligen Badeanzug steht unter einem kleinen Wasserfall.
Ein kleines Mdchen mit lockigem Haar hat den Mund geffnet.
Ein Mann in einem weiem Oberteil und blauen Shorts biegt irgendwohin ab.
Ein brauner Hund luft neben kahlen Bumen durch den Schnee.
Ein Mann mit schmutzigen Fen liegt im Freien auf einer Stufe.
Wanderer berqueren eine Hngebrcke ber einen Fluss.
Eine Person wandert in den Bergen.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen steht auf einem Balkon eines hochmodernen Hauses.
Ein Junge in einem grnen Oberteil macht einen Klimmzug.
Zwei Mnner in traditioneller arabischer Kleidung stehen neben einem Fahrzeug und winken einem SUV in der Wste.
In einem Bus sitzende Menschen warten darauf, dass sie ihr Ziel erreichen.
Schwimmer springen in einer Schwimmhalle von den Startblcken in ihre Bahnen.
Ein Mann kommt gerade vom Schwimmen.
Eine Frau nht am Straenrand mit einer Nhmaschine.
Eine schwarz-wei gekleidete Frau mit rasiertem Kopf befindet sich in einem Umzug.
Ein Junge und ein Mdchen ben im Freien das Felsklettern.
Ein lterer Mann mit Bart ruht sich in einem bauflligen Gebude aus.
Eine Frau spritzt in einem lndlichen Gebiet Wasser auf ein Kind, das sich in einem Kunststoff-Swimmingpool befindet.
Ein Hund und eine Katze balgen sich auf einem Stuhl.
Ein Kind spielt mit einem Wasserschlauch, whrend eine Frau dies mit einem Camcorder aufzeichnet.
Ein sitzender Mann geniet im Caf seinen Kaffee.
Ein kleiner Junge streichelt einen Tiger, der auf dem Boden liegt.
Ein Mann klettert einen vereisten Berg hinauf.
Zwei Personen sitzen in der Ferne auf einer ungewhnlichen Felsformation.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen luft einen Gehweg entlang.
Eine Frau in einem Laborkittel schaut durch ein Mikroskop.
Ein leger gekleideter Mann mittleren Alters legt die Fe auf dem Schreibtisch ab.
Ein Wagen mit zwei Mnnern wird im Regen von Pferden gezogen.
Ein kleines hellhutiges Mdchen umarmt eine dunkelhutige Frau.
Ein Straenhndler prsentiert lchelnd sein Gemse und raucht eine Zigarette.
Ein langhaariger Hund mit einer rosa Weste luft.
Ein Mann in blauen Jeans und einem weien T-Shirt arbeitet an einem Fenster mit Schutzgelnder.
Ein Indianer spricht mit Kindern, die einen Kuchen anschneiden.
Zwei Frauen mit Baseballkappen stehen sich in einem berfllten Zuschauerraum gegenber.
Ein Kind taucht im Wasser unter.
Zwei Mdchen laufen vor der Kamera auf einem schmalen Fuweg davon.
Sechs kleine Kinder sitzen an einem Tisch.
Jdische Mnner und Jungen sitzen und lesen die Thora.
In einem Mbelgeschft hat sich eine Menschenmenge versammelt.
Ein junges Kind in rot-schwarzer Winterkleidung steht neben einem stehenden Zug.
Personen halten Friedensschilder.
Eine Frau zeigt ein Friedensschild und steht neben einen Kind, das ein Ballontier hlt, whrend es bei McDonalds isst.
Eine Gruppe von Menschen gehen an einem See entlang.
Bauarbeiter stehen an der Rckseite eines Kipplasters.
Eine ltere Frau in einer Jacke sitzt in einem Caf und liest ein Buch.
Zwei wei-braune Hunde springen gegen einen Zaun.
Zwei Mnner gehen mit Werkzeug an einen Baum heran.
Ein Polizist schreibt neben einem Auto einen Strafzettel.
Ein Straen-Dudelsackspieler steht vor dem Schaufenster eines Geschfts.
Ein Mann und eine Frau halten Holzstbe und ben vor einer Menge Kampfsportbewegungen.
Eine Gruppe von Mnnern sitzt zusammen auf dem Boden.
Ein Junge rutscht in einem roten Oberteil herunter.
Ein asiatisches Paar geniet ein Sushi-Essen.
Eine Gruppe von Sonnenanbetern liegt auf Handtchern und Decken auf den Felsen.
Eine Person luft mit einer weien Tasche.
Eine Frau in einem roten Blumenkleid mit Cardigan macht auf einem Naturpfad ein Foto, whrend sie einen Regenschirm in Regenbogenfarben hlt.
Ein Mann und eine Frau machen Salat.
Zwei Mnner ben in einem Studio mit Holzboden eine Art von Kampfsport.
Ein Mann nimmt eine Karatepose auf einem Holzboden ein.
Personen stehen vor dem Caf und sind dabei, einzutreten.
Zwei Hunde laufen durch das Gras.
Ein Fabrikarbeiter unterbricht seine Arbeit, um fr die Kamera zu posieren.
Ein Junge in Winterkleidung rutscht eine orange Rutsche hinunter.
Eine Person, die eine Schaufel trgt, luft eine verschneite Strae entlang.
Ein Mdchen mit grner Schwimmbrille befindet sich in einem Pool mit drei anderen Mdchen.
Ein schwarzer Hund hat ein Spielzeug im Maul, und in der Nhe steht eine Person.
Ein Mann auf einem Mountainbike macht einen Wheelie.
Drei Mnner, einer ohne Schuhe, schlafen auf einer Parkbank.
Fnf Personen sitzen zusammen im Schnee.
Eine Turnerin in einem schwarzen Turnanzug, die von hinten zu sehen ist, bereitet sich auf einen Sprung vor.
Eine Frau liegt mit Kuchen bedeckt auf dem Boden.
Ein Polizist steht mit drei Polizisten zu Pferde auf der Strae.
Eine Frau spricht auf einem Podium im Freien.
Ein lterer Mann hlt eine Kanne hinter seinen Rcken, als er durch einen hbschen Blumenmarkt schlendert.
Ein Mann baut einen Holzstuhl zusammen.
Ein grauer Vogel steht majesttisch am Strand, whrend die Wellen heranrollen.
Ein Mann in einem silbernen Regenmantel steht im Freien bei einer Schubkarre.
Eine Frau schreibt hinter einer verschnrkelten Wand.
Ein Bergsteiger bt an einer Kletterwand.
Zwei Bauarbeiter arbeiten auf einer Strae vor einem Hauses.
Ein lterer Mann sitzt mit einem Jungen mit einem Wagen vor einer Fassade.
Ein Mann in Shorts und Hawaiihemd lehnt sich ber das Gelnder eines Lotsenboots, mit Nebel und Bergen im Hintergrund.
